
PAGEBREAK
The Cities of Sigmar are flaming beacons of
hope amidst the darkness of the Mortal Realms,
bastions of civilisation built to safeguard
mortalkind from the many monstrous threats
that lurk beyond their sturdy walls.

In ages past, the realms were a place of glory
and wonder. By the guiding hand of God-
King Sigmar’s pantheon did the mortal races
thrive. Humans, duardin and aelves lived side
by side in peace and prosperity, constructing
vast kingdoms of culture and reason. Then
came the Age of Chaos, when the Dark Gods
tore open the veil between worlds and spilled
their daemonic legions into reality. Empires
fell. Repositories of priceless knowledge
were burned to ashes. Sigmar’s faithful were
slaughtered in droves.

Only Azyrheim endured – the Eternal City,
capital of the Realm of Heavens and greatest
stronghold of the God-King. Behind its gleaming
walls, the survivors of the Dark Gods’
invasion
found sanctuary. Keeping to their ancient
traditions, they awaited the day when the Gates
of Azyr would open once more and the armies
of the God-King would return to wreak their
vengeance upon the hated forces of Chaos.

Sigmar’s Tempest heralded the dawn of this
bold new age. Led by the Stormcast Eternals,
champions of the heavens, the free peoples rose
up to overthrow their persecutors and forge a
new empire upon the ashes of the past. The
clash of steel and the crack of blackpowder
now echo across the realms as great hosts
of soldiery march to war under the fluttering
heraldry of their homeland. Though they may be
mere mortals in a world dominated by gods and
monsters, these brave souls stand defiant, ready
to give their lives in service of the God-King’s
grand vision.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

BASTIONS OF HOPE . . . . . . . . . .4

ANCIENT GRANDEUR ...............8

HONOUR AND GLORY ..............10

Hammerhal .....................................12
The Living City ...............................16
Greywater Fastness........................20
The Phoenicium .............................22
Anvilgard ........................................24
Hallowheart ....................................26
Tempest’s Eye..................................30
The Collegiate Arcane ...................32
The Freeguilds ................................34
The Dispossessed ...........................36
The Ironweld Arsenal ....................37
Darkling Covens ............................38
Scourge Privateers .........................40
Shadowblades .................................41
The Phoenix Temple ......................42
The Wanderers ...............................43
The Order Serpentis ......................44

THE FREE PEOPLES . . . . . . . . . .48

PRIDE OF HAMMERHAL .........56

PAINTING YOUR
CITIES OF SIGMAR ARMY . . . . . . .58

CITIES OF SIGMAR . . . . . . . . . .62

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ..........63

Free Cities Battle Traits.................63
Hammerhal
Allegiance Abilities .......................64
The Living City
Allegiance Abilities .......................66
Greywater Fastness
Allegiance Abilities .......................68

The Phoenicium
Allegiance Abilities .......................70
Anvilgard
Allegiance Abilities .......................72
Hallowheart
Allegiance Abilities .......................74
Tempest’s Eye
Allegiance Abilities .......................76
Battleplan: A Call for Aid .............78

PATH TO GLORY........................80

Cities of Sigmar
Warband Tables .............................82

WARSCROLLS.............................86

Hammerhalian Lancers ................86
Viridian Pathfinders .....................87
Greywater Art i l lery Company . . . .87
Whitefire Retinue ..........................87
Aetherguard Windrunners ..........88
Charrwind Beasthunters ..............88
Phoenix Flight ................................88
Freeguild General on Griffon ......89
Freeguild General ..........................90
Demigryph Knights ......................90
Freeguild Greatswords ..................91
Freeguild Guard .............................91
Freeguild Outriders .......................92
Freeguild Pistoliers ........................93
Freeguild Handgunners ...............94
Freeguild Crossbowmen...............95
Flagellants .......................................95
Battlemage.......................................96
Battlemage on Griffon...................97
Luminark of Hysh..........................98
Celestial Hurricanum ...................99
Sorceress on Black Dragon .........100
Sorceress ........................................101
Black Guard ..................................101
Executioners .................................102

Bleakswords ..................................102
Dreadspears ..................................103
Darkshards....................................103
Warden King ................................104
Runelord ........................................104
Longbeards ...................................105
Irondrakes .....................................106
Ironbreakers..................................107
Hammerers ...................................108
Cogsmith .......................................108
Gyrocopters ..................................109
Gyrobombers ................................109
Steam Tank ...................................110
Helblaster Volley Gun .................111
Helstorm Rocket Battery ............112
Anointed........................................113
Phoenix Guard .............................113
Frostheart Phoenix ......................114
Flamespyre Phoenix ....................115
Dreadlord on Black Dragon . . . . . . .116
War Hydra.....................................117
Drakespawn Chariots .................118
Drakespawn Knights...................118
Assassin .........................................119
Shadow Warriors .........................119
Dark Riders ...................................120
Kharibdyss ....................................121
Black Ark Fleetmaster .................122
Black Ark Corsairs.......................122
Scourgerunner Chariots .............123
Nomad Prince...............................123
Eternal Guard ...............................124
Wildwood Rangers ......................124
Wild Riders ...................................125
Sisters of the Watch .....................125
Sisters of the Thorn......................126

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES ..................................127

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Against the Green Hordes (pg 14), Nature’s Wrath (pg 18), Rain of Fire (pg 21), Flames of the Phoenix (pg 23),
Blood in the Water (pg 25), Magic Unbound (pg 28) and Cold Steel on Cold Wind (pg 31) written by Josh Reynolds.

Order Battletome : Cities of Sigmar © Copyr ight Games Workshop Limited 2019. Order Battletome : Cities of Sigmar, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast
Eterna ls , and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions , images , names , creatures , races , vehicles, locations, weapons, characters , and the d ist inct ive l ikenesses thereof, are
either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited , variably registered around the world. A l l R ights Reserved .

No part of th is publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transm itted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechan ica l , photocopying ,
recording or o therw ise , without the prior permission of the publishers .

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in th is book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidenta l .

British Cata loguing-in-Pub lication Data. A cata logue record for th is book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

ISBN: 978-1-78826-931-5

Cer ta in Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult supervision . Whatever your age, be care fu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
No matter their race or background, the people of Hammerhal unite to defend their beloved city,
meeting the raw ferocity of Chaos with bravery, zeal and indefatigable resolve.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BASTIONS OF HOPE

BASTIONS OF HOPE

4

The Cities of Sigmar are visions of civilisation and hope made manifest. Gleaming metropolises built around
the towering bastion of a Stormkeep, they are heavily fortified against the armies of darkness. Within their high
walls, aelf, duardin and human thrive in peaceful coexistence.

When the free cities of the God-
King make war upon the enemies
of Order, their martial might is
awesome to behold. Great blocks
of uniformed infantry march in
tight formation, bearing aloft
the colourful heraldry of their
homeland. Rippling volleys of
musketry and blistering art i l lery
bombardments cut scores of foes
apart as grim-faced swordsmen
and ironclad duardin hold the line
with shields locked together. As the
enemy tide breaks upon this great
wall of soldiery, cavalry riders strike
hard into its unprotected flanks.
Smoke-belching war machines and
airborne squadrons of cogwork
bombers sweep forth to deal the
final, k i l l ing blow, pummelling the
faltering foe with cannonballs and
high-explosive shells. So are those
who would spread fear and anarchy
utterly destroyed and the Cities of
Sigmar kept safe.

The Mortal Realms are home to
dangers beyond imagination. Vast
expanses of territory are dominated
by the malign influence of the
Dark Gods, and to stray within the
borders of these damned regions is
to risk a fate far worse than death.
Greenskin hordes and legions of
the risen dead rampage across the
land, subjugating civilised folk and
spreading fear and bloodshed as
they go. Primal storms of magic
haunt the wilds, while beneath the
earth stir ancient, long-forgotten
things, entities of great malice and
limitless destructive power. Yet there
are bastions of hope that rise from

amidst these deadly wilds, gleaming
metropolises protected by high
walls and regiments of hard-bitten
warriors. These are the free cities,
and they stand proud and defiant
against the barbarous masses. At the
centre of each looms a Stormkeep.
This cloud-scraping citadel of stone
and precious metal houses an army
of Stormcast Eternals, the heavenly
champions of Azyr. Spreading
out beneath the Stormkeep’s gaze
are bustling avenues and vibrant
bazaars, imposing noble districts
and vermin-infested shanties. Here,
the many and varied cultures and
races of the free peoples exist side
by side.

Each of the free cities safeguards a
vital strategic location. The majority
are built around a Realmgate, one
of the arcane pathways that connect
the realms; others protect deposits
of invaluable resources, such as
gleaming seams of realmstone,
priceless invictunite or monoliths
imbued with the stuff of raw
prophecy. These strongholds form
beachheads for Sigmar’s crusades,
centres of strength from which
the God-King’s armies can launch
assaults upon his many foes. When

a founding site is chosen, the
Stormcast Eternals strike from the
heavens, obliterating every hostile
being within a dozen leagues.
Warlike gatherings of orruks are put
to the sword, Chaos Dreadholds torn
down stone by stone and infestations
of skaven and grots cleansed with
holy flames. These campaigns can
last for many years before victory
is won. Famously, the founding of
Hammerhal required the combined
efforts of the Hammers of Sigmar,
the Hallowed Knights and the Anvils
of the Heldenhammer in order to
defeat the teeming orruk warclans of
the Stormrift Realmgate.

With the location made safe, Lord-
Ordinators and Lord-Castellants
identify patterns of power – ancient
ley lines and fonts of magical
energy upon which the city’s central
Stormkeep wi l l be laid. Depending
on the size and importance of the
settlement, multiple strongholds
from several different Stormhosts
may be raised. The grand Twin-
tailed City of Hammerhal, for
instance, has no fewer than six
great Stormkeeps to protect its
ever-expanding borders. These
structures can take many forms. The
Consecralium, stronghold of the
Knights Excelsior, is a stark fortress
of black iron that looms over the city
of Excelsis like a headsman’s axe. By
contrast, the Celestrine Cathedral
of Hallowheart is a wondrous
monument of devotion constructed
by the Hallowed Knights to inspire
their flock. No matter the form
they take, all are nigh on
impregnable, studded
with watchtowers,
arcane

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Heldenhammer. The folk of Excelsis
dread the ever-present threat of the
merciless Knights Excelsior, while
the proud sons and daughters
of Hammerhal strive always
to live up to the legacy of
the Hammers of Sigmar,
the first-forged
Stormhost.

The populace of each free city can
differ greatly. Humans are typically
the most commonly sighted race,
but they live, fight and die alongside
aelves, duardin and other, stranger
creatures. Even the mysterious lizard
priests of the Seraphon maintain
conclaves in several of the God-
King’s strongholds. Depending on
the make-up of its people, a city may
develop its own unique traditions,
both military and cultural . The great
forge-guilds of Greywater Fastness
boast a high percentage of business-
minded duardin, for example, while
the leafy glades and verdant tree-
steads of the Living City are home
to many gatherings of aelves.
The nature of its Stormcast
founders can also leave
a mark on the lives of
those over whom they
watch. The citizens of
gloomy Lethis have
inherited many
superstitions and
practices from
the Anvils
of the

ballistae and murder-ports, ranks of
Stormcast warriors ready to charge
from concealed sally ports and fall
upon any foolish enough to lay siege.

With the Stormkeep standing tall,
congregations of the Devoted of
Sigmar begin to sanctify and cleanse
the land surrounding the fortress.
Great lines of zealous Flagellants
wind their way out from the
Stormkeep, lashing their flesh with
barbed flails, their faithful blood
seeping into the earth and burning
away the taint of Chaos. Lingering
curses or sources of unholy power
are purified by agents of the
Collegiate Arcane and the Stormcast
Sacrosanct Chambers.

Ironweld engineers and
Dispossessed labour-clans then
begin the intricate process of laying
down the roots of the city. The
settlement wi l l often be arranged in
the shape of a twelve-pointed star,
for that number is highly significant
to the God-King’s followers. Sluices
of potent starwater or blessed metals
wi l l be channelled through the outer
walls; while the thick stone offers
physical protection, this spiritual
ward provides sanctuary against
the ethereal and the daemonic.
Devastating art i l lery weapons
are arranged across the walls
and Freeguild bastions
constructed at key
defensive points,
each housing
thousands
of mortal
soldiers.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The armies of the Living City march forth to cleanse the taint of Nurgle worshippers from their forest homeland.
Human, aelf and duardin set blades and axes against their bitter enemies, soaking the ground with putrid blood,
while Stormcast Eternals and Sylvaneth Treelords bestride the battlefield like vengeful gods of war.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ANCIENT GRANDEUR

ANCIENT GRANDEUR

Once before, the God-King Sigmar strove to bring the light of hope and reason to the Eight Realms, raising
mighty empires and civilisations dedicated to order and enlightenment. This grand dream was to die in the fiery
cataclysm of the Age of Chaos, when the daemonic legions of the Dark Gods flooded across reality.

The Age of Myth was a time of
unrivalled glory for the peoples of
the realms. Travelling far and wide
across reality, Sigmar gathered
together his Pantheon of Order,
securing alliances with the twin
aelven deities Tyrion and Teclis;
Alarielle the Everqueen, radiant
lady of the wilds; and the greenskin
god Gorkamorka. With peace
established, the worshippers of
the God-King entered a golden
age of prosperity and innovation.
Kingdoms became empires,
settlements grew into metropolises
and wondrous monuments were
raised in honour of the gods.

settlement, with untold numbers of
citizens living and working together
in ordered harmony. In those ancient
times, mortalkind briefly knew
how it felt to dwell in paradise. In
Grungni’s gleaming city of Elixia ,
in the Realm of Metal, the greatest
living artisans laboured day and
night to perfect their craft. The
green archmages of Thyrassus in the
Jade Kingdoms curated arboretum
glades filled with every conceivable
shade of flower and leaf. Within
the deathly realms of the Amethyst
Princedoms, humans found peace
and spiritual mastery alongside their
deceased kin .

had first set foot in the Realm of
Heavens, the Eternal City occupied
a mountain valley bathed in the wan
light of Mallus – the strange celestial
orb that was the surviving core of the
world-that-was. Azyrheim was like
no other city that had ever existed.
Golden palaces and soaring crystal
spires reached so high into the sky
that they appeared to caress the stars
themselves. The combined genius
of the mortal races and the gods
themselves was harnessed in order
to construct this stellar metropolis;
it would become the power centre of
Sigmar’s pantheon and the greatest
stronghold of Order.

The cities of that age were truly
incredible to behold. Each was
more ak in to a nation than a mere

Greatest of all these wonders,
however, was Azyrheim. Built upon
the ground where the God-King

For all the glory of the Age of Myth,
this age of enlightenment could
not banish the familiar weaknesses

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
that still lingered in the hearts of
mortals: greed, envy and the lust
for power. These splinters opened
the way for the ancient entities that
dwelt within the Realm of Chaos.
The Dark Gods, hated foes of Sigmar,
whispered promises into the ears of
weak-minded souls, turning them
against their kin. Corruption slowly
seeped into the bedrock of Sigmar’s
new civilisation. Exploiting the
fractures caused by this growing
strife, the Chaos Gods poured
their numberless daemonic legions
into reality. For the first time in
an age, total war had come to the
Mortal Realms.

At this most critical time, age-old
rivalries and ambitions began to
fracture the God-King’s pantheon,
denying him the unity that might
have held back the invasion of
Chaos. Old allies turned their backs
on him, and uneasy alliances were
undone by mistrust and mutual
enmity. The God-King’s armies
were driven back on all fronts.
Though it greatly pained him to
do so, Sigmar had no choice but to
retreat to Azyrheim with those of
his flock who could still be saved,
abandoning many more to a terrible

fate at the hands of their conquerors.
He slammed shut the Gates of
Azyr, closing the only pathways to
the other seven realms in order to
keep the armies of Chaos at bay.
So did the Eternal City become the
last refuge for mortalkind from
the depredations of evil, and thus
dawned the Age of Chaos, an era
of horror beyond imagination. In
an orgy of destruction, daemons of
Chaos rampaged across the Eight
Realms, tearing down glorious
cities brick by brick, incinerating
priceless repositories of knowledge
and butchering those citizens who
refused to submit themselves body
and soul to the Dark Gods.

In the great palace of Sigmaron,
the God-King brooded upon the
defeat he had suffered. He vowed
that one day he would return to
the realms and banish the taint of
Chaos once and for all . His empire
would be rebuilt and his free cities
raised upon the ashes of the past.
To oversee this victory, he would
require an army greater than any
the realms had ever seen. The
Sigmarabulum – the great ring-city
surrounding Mallus – echoed to the
sound of forge-hammers as the Six

Smiths fashioned armaments for the
God-King’s heavenly hosts. Souls
of champions, kings and heroes
were gathered from across the Eight
Realms and, upon the Anvil of
Apotheosis, were forged into the first
of the Stormcast Eternals.

These immortal champions would
not fight alone. The free people of
Azyrheim mustered for the great
war that was to come. The Freeguilds
drilled relentlessly, partak ing
in mock battles and tourneys.
This training would serve them
well when they came to face the
assembled hordes of Chaos. Aelven
Wanderers and worshippers of the
Ur-Phoenix dedicated themselves to
the mastery of their souls and their
weapons. Dispossessed duardin
recited daily from their grudge-
tomes, anticipating the moment
that they would seek revenge for
ancient slights.

All these lost souls had found
purpose in a single, united vision – a
realm reconquered in the name of
civilisation, untouched by the malice
of the Dark Gods. It was a cause for
which all would gladly lay down
their lives.

THE GRAND CONCLAVE
Azyrheim was originally governed by a senate that
represented the city’s largest factions. However, during
the Age of Chaos, it was infiltrated by worshippers
of the Dark Gods, which led to a bloody civil war on
the streets of the Eternal City. In the aftermath of this
disaster, the senate was swiftly dissolved and purged.
It was Sigmar himself who appointed a gathering of
trusted mortals in its stead. The God-King called forth
two hundred and forty-four of the city’s finest leaders,
bestowing upon each of them a title and command.
They were chosen neither by race nor for their political
prowess but for their individual strengths. Their new
authority crossed city districts, races and religions; for
instance, four of the six High Artisans were duardin,
one an aelf and the other a human, yet they controlled
the building and engineering works across all of
Azyrheim. Each of Sigmar’s appointees understood
their primary duty: to unify and protect. It was decreed
that they would meet regularly, so Sigmar created a
massive hammer-shaped table and set it before his
own starmetal statue. Rarely would he himself attend,
he said, but beneath the gaze of his statue, they might
still draw on his wisdom – or, failing that, at least
remember his wrath. This ruling body was named

the Grand Conclave, and the individual members
became known as the Lords of the Heavenhall, after
the building in which they met. Always have they
numbered two hundred and forty-four, and always
have they served Azyrheim in the name of Order and
the God-King himself, setting aside their own agendas
to work for the betterment of a l l .

The governing bodies of all free cities are organised
in the image of Azyrheim’s Grand Conclave,
though the exact number of representatives varies
according to the size and influence of the settlement.
Nevertheless, each Conclave contains a number of
fixed positions. The city’s High Arbiter is responsible
for overseeing the law and dispensing justice. The
High Artisans must maintain the city’s fortifications
and infrastructure , while its Magister is typically the
highest-ranking regional member of the Collegiate
Arcane. Most coveted rank of all is that of Master
Patriarch – nominally the governor and primary
ruler of the city. However, while such a position offers
power and prestige, it is often a poisoned chalice;
trying to oversee the day-to-day governance of a great
metropolis whilst managing the differing goals and
ambitions of scores of rival lords is no easy task.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HONOUR AND GLORY

HONOUR AND GLORY

Since their founding in the closing days of the Realmgate Wars, the free cities of Sigmar have not been standing
idly by while their Stormcast guardians take the fight to Chaos. The legacy of their glory is written across a
thousand battlefields and their borders expand with each triumph earned by their battle-hardened armies.

THE AGE OF MYTH

WONDERS OF LEGEND

In the aftermath of the cataclysm
that destroyed the world-that-was,
the God-King Sigmar travels the
strange new landscapes of the
Mortal Realms in search of his
fellow deities. Along the way, he
gathers together many scattered
tribes of mortals, bringing them
under his protection and ordering
the construction of grand new
cities to keep them safe from the
monstrous beasts that prowl the
realms. Under the stewardship of
Sigmar’s pantheon, settlements
such as Thyrassus and Elixia
grow exponentially, surpassing
anything that has existed before
or since.

OLD FOES RETURNED

From their lair within the churning
anarchy of the Realm of Chaos,
the Dark Gods look out across
the Mortal Realms and see a
bounty of vibrant souls on which
to feast. Preying upon the vices
of mortalkind , they pry open the
veil between worlds and pour their
daemonic legions into reality.

ONSLAUGHT OF CHAOS

The cities’ armies are totally
unprepared for the teeming hordes
of daemons that descend upon them.
Though they fight with stalwart
pride, one by one the great cultural
strongholds of Sigmar’s empire fall
to ruin. Sulphur-spewing horned
slaughterers rampage through
the streets, lopping off heads and
bathing in spilt blood. Capering
horrors set priceless repositories
of art and knowledge aflame,
and putrid, rotting abominations
spread great plagues that lay waste
to entire continents. At this time
of greatest need, the God-King’s
pantheon splinters as his fellow
gods make haste to secure their
own gains. Unable to drive back
the numberless legions of the Dark
Gods alone, Sigmar retreats to

starvation. Other civilisations realise
to their sorrow that there wi l l be
no protection behind high walls.
Abandoning their ancient homes,
they take up a nomadic lifestyle,
always on the run from predatory
daemons and the ever-increasing
number of mortals who have sworn
themselves to the Dark Gods.

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

THE GOD-KING’S RETURN

The heavens stir and Sigmar’s
Tempest thunders across the realms.
Carried by the celestial storm,
armies of gleaming, plate-armoured
warriors slam to earth , launching
themselves upon the unprepared
hordes of Chaos. These are the
Stormcast Eternals and their great
crusade of vengeance heralds a
new age of hope and glory. Joined
by legions of mortal soldiery from
Azyrheim, this martial juggernaut
soon secures many critical
Realmgates, the arcane passages
between the realms.

SEEDS OF HOPE

At the cost of much blood, the God-
King secures vital beachheads in the
Realms of Life and Fire. Great cities
such as Hammerhal, Tempest’s Eye,
Hallowheart and the Phoenicium
are founded.

RECLAIMED

The scattered remnants of humanity
flock to the safe harbours of Sigmar’s
newly founded cities. Known as the
Reclaimed, these souls find a place
within the God-King’s new society,
though there are many clashes with
those of pure Azyrheim descent, who
cannot believe that anyone could
have survived through the Age of
Chaos without a hint of corruption.

HOUNDS TO HEEL

The newly settled city of Hammerhal
Aqsha faces its first major threat
as the cannibalistic Bloodbound
Warhorde known as the Flayhounds

Azyr and closes its gates behind
him, regretfully abandoning untold
numbers of his flock to a fate worse
than death.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

BLOODSHED IN THE HEAVENS

Agents of Chaos infiltrate the
throngs of refugees streaming into
the Eternal City of Azyrheim. When
Sigmar senses this corruption in
his midst, he reacts with terrible
fury. Not only does he hunt down
and slay every single corrupted
soul that has entered the Realm of
Heavens, he also eliminates those
he deems susceptible to the Dark
Gods’ malign influence: those
who possess untapped malice or
cruelty in their hearts. The purges
that follow mercilessly cleanse
the taint of the Dark Gods from
Azyr – and demonstrate Sigmar’s
growing intolerance for lawbreakers
and malcontents.

FALL AND FLIGHT

Though they cannot hope to stand
against the fu l l might of Chaos, the
great cities of the Age of Myth do
not go quietly into the night. The
Lantic Empire falls after a century
of stubborn resistance, the last
emperor burying himself and his
enemies beneath a thousand tonnes
of rock in a final act of defiance. The
six cities of the Jelaad-Kar hold the
plague-hosts of Lord Slumberglatch
at bay for ten thousand days before
they are overcome by sickness and

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
sweeps out of the ash wastes.
Freeguild soldiers from Azyrheim
fight hand in hand with their
Hammers of Sigmar guardians
and second-generation Reclaimed
warriors, holding firm gun lines
against the berserker charge of the
Khorne worshippers. Just as the
sheer ferocity of the assault threatens
to overwhelm the defenders,
Demigryph Knights bound into the
flanks of the Bloodreaver horde,
their sharp-clawed mounts tearing
scores of cannibal barbarians
to shreds. Unable to breach the
Hammerhal regiments’ firing
trenches, the Flayhounds suffer
massive losses. Fewer than a
thousand manage to escape the
battlefield with their lives.

SEASON OF WAR

Conflict swiftly comes to Sigmar’s
newly founded settlements. Stirred
into a destructive frenzy by the
intrusion of civilisation, tribes
of orruks , beastmen and Chaos-
worshipping humans descend and
lay siege to the free cities.

FIRST PURGE OF EXCELSIS

When the Knights Excelsior sense
the taint of Chaos corruption among
the population of Excelsis, they
respond with a brutal purge that lays
waste to almost a quarter of the city’s
populace. It is this ruthless display
that earns the city’s infamous Lord-
Veritant Cerrus Sentanus his epithet
– the White Reaper.

MARCH OF THE PHOENIX

An army from the Phoenicium
comes to the aid of the distant city
of Holdash, which is under siege
by the flesh-horrors of the Clans
Moulder. Travelling far across
monster-infested lands, the aelven
warriors risk life and limb. Yet,
despite exhaustion, sickness and the
constant attacks of skaven Gutter
Runners, the Phoenix Guard arrive
just in time. To the piercing cries
of soaring Flamespyre Phoenixes,
they charge into the vile heart of
of the Clans Moulder swarm, the
remaining Freeguild defenders of
Holdash sallying forth to support
them. A great victory is won, and
for evermore the city of Holdash
proudly bears the flaming wing of a
phoenix upon its heraldry.

armies and Stormcast Eternals of
the Hallowed Knights hold the
minions of the Change God at bay,
Battlemages of the Collegiate Arcane
desperately attempt to dispel the
magical disaster. Eighty-two give
their lives before the fires finally
dim. These martyrs are honoured
by the Hallowed Knights with a
grand stained-glass mural in the
Celestrine Cathedral.

BATTLE OF BLISTA BAKK

The sea-lanes of Anvilgard are
plagued by orruk pirates operating
out of the floating shanty-port of
Blista Bakk . Seeking to wipe out
this threat to their income, the
shadowy cabal of criminals known
as the Blackscale Coil pressures
Anvilgard’s Grand Conclave into
launching a fu l l naval invasion of the
greenskin port. Scourge wolfships
surround Blista Bakk , raining
fiery missiles down upon its rusty
ramparts. Meanwhile, Freeguild
steam-galleons with reinforced
prow-rams smash their way into its
harbour, unloading the city’s marine
armies. Black Ark Corsairs clear the
docks, their matchless swordplay
set against the raw strength of
Brutes and Ardboys. The waters boil
with blood as the siege escalates.
Finally, the Scourge Privateers
unleash their greatest weapon:
several many-headed Kharibdysses
driven to a mindless rage by the
goading of their beastmasters. These
monsters trample the last pockets of
resistance, and a fire-ravaged Blista
Bakk soon sinks beneath the waves
of the Searing Sea.

HIDDEN DANGERS

The magical disturbance of the
Arcanum Optimar unveils mysteries
buried aeons ago during the Age of
Myth. These Stormvaults – built by
Sigmar to hide dangerous artefacts
and foes – are sought by the rival
powers of the realms. The Midnight
Tomb beneath the city of Lethis
is one such vault. Lady Olynder,
Mortarch of Grief, lays siege to
Lethis on Nagash’s orders, and
despite a valiant defence by the city’s
Stormcast guardians and Blackshore
Guard regiments, she cracks the
tomb open. Something ancient and
terrible claws its way free, leaving a
trail of devastation in its wake.

A GREYWATER WELCOME

When Greywater Fastness is assailed
by slavering hordes of beastmen,
the city’s guildmasters order a fu l l
salvo from its macro-Hurricanum
arrays. The resulting arcane
detonation obliterates the besiegers,
but it also turns the surrounding
verdant landscape into a desolate,
smog-choked wasteland. This causes
great strife with the Dreadwood
Sylvaneth, who move to occupy the
devastated territory – now known as
the Ghoul Mere. Led by the Treelord
Pale Oak, these revenants refuse to
allow people passage out of the city.
Conflict soon erupts, and blood is
shed on both sides. Only after much
negotiation does the city secure a
single trade route out of the Fastness.
Any who stray from this militarised
highway are soon snatched away by
vengeful woodland spirits.

DEATHLY ERUPTION

The Great Necromancer Nagash
works a grand spell that inverts
the magical energies of Shyish. An
all-devouring vortex – the Shyish
Nadir – forms at the realm’s heart.
The ensuing arcane disruption
causes tides of haywire magic to
rush across reality, wreaking untold
devastation across vast areas. Great
hosts of spectral Nighthaunt rise up
to prey upon the living, and many of
Sigmar’s free cities in the Realm of
Death are overwhelmed.

LIVING INFERNO

A conflagration of sentient magic
sweeps through the lower levels
of Hallowheart, incinerating
thousands. Cavorting daemons
of Tzeentch spill from the fires
to burn and k i l l . While the city’s

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Hammerhal

HAMMERHAL, THE TWIN-TAILED CITY

The Twin-tailed City is a shining embodiment of the civilisation that the God-King wishes to forge. A realm-
spanning megalopolis home to countless souls, it consists of two great metropolises – Hammerhal Aqsha and
Hammerhal Ghyra – linked together by the great Stormrift Realmgate.

Hammerhal is the seat of Sigmar’s
power in the Mortal Realms, a
colossal urban sprawl that stretches
from the fiery plains of Aqshy to
the verdant wilds of Ghyran. The
Twin-tailed City was founded many
years ago, when Sigmar looked to
build upon the victories he had
achieved in the Realmgate Wars.
He set his eyes upon the Stormrift
Realmgate, an immense arcane
pathway that provided passage
between the Realms of Fire and Life.

The Stormrift was once surrounded
by orruk tribes of Bonesplitterz
and Ironjawz, who worshipped
the Realmgate as Mork’s Maw. No
fewer than th irty Chambers of
Stormcast Eternals led the assault
upon both sides of the Realmgate.
It was the Hammers of Sigmar,
first-forged of the Stormhosts, that
spearheaded the destruction of the
greenskin hosts, and it was they who
claimed guardianship of the great
city that rose from the ashes of the
orruk war camps. Their imposing
fortress, the Perspicarium, was
constructed to stand watch over the
Stormrift, and through its golden
gates march an almost continuous
stream of gleaming warriors –
Hammers of Sigmar departing
upon grand crusades far across the
Mortal Realms. The inhabitants
of Hammerhal are fiercely proud
of their association with this most
famous of all Stormhosts and
strive always to live up to their
reputation for martial excellence and
honourable conduct.

Hammerhal now comprises two
settlements governed as one: in the
Realm of Fire lies the industrial,
fortified bastion of Hammerhal
Aqsha, and in the Realm of Life are
the bountiful gardens of Hammerhal
Ghyra. The symbiotic relationship
between these two strongholds has
safeguarded them against many
threats – both from within and
from without. Channels of magma
from the Realm of Fire are directed

through the Stormrift via great
sluiceways to form a defensive
perimeter around Hammerhal Ghyra
and keep the voracious vegetation
of the surrounding wilds at bay.
Likewise, Hammerhal Aqsha benefits
from vast shipments of grain, meat
and Aqua Ghyranis that arrive from
its sister city. Trade is the lifeblood
of any great city, and there is almost
nothing that cannot be found within
Hammerhal’s sprawling market
districts. An immense chasm runs
through the centre of the city,
forming a natural trade route for
airships, Skycutters and the winged
beetle mounts of Sylvaneth allies.
The vaults of Hammerhal contain
wonders and treasures from across
the realms, claimed through battle
or exploration and taken to the
Twin-tailed City.

As the foremost sanctuary for
the free peoples of the realms,
Hammerhal’s population has grown
exponentially in the years since its
founding. All manner of disparate
groups find refuge in the Twin-
tailed City. Darkling Covens thrive
in the grimmer quarters of the city.
Aelven Wanderers patrol the gardens
of Hammerhal Ghyra, living in
nomadic caravans and treetop camps
away from the hustle and bustle
of the city proper. The industrial
expertise of the Dispossessed is
much prized, for Hammerhal is
always growing. With every passing
season, the cogforts that guard the
city’s edge roll outward upon great
iron tracks, expanding the city’s
borders. New walls are then raised
and defensive fortifications erected.

This constant state of flux means
that regions of the city are swift to
rise and fall in prominence, with
formerly vital trading posts fading
into insignificance. So vast are the
numbers of aelves, duardin and
humans that dwell within the city
that providing proper housing for all
is impossible; while noble quarters
such as the gleaming spire-towers

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
of Goldpath or the garden vi l las of
Sanctor Tulis are the envy of the
realms, millions more citizens of the
Twin-tailed City live in crime-ridden
slums. Areas such as the Cinderfall
district and the gloomy warrens of
Blackwood Town are notorious hives
of criminals and alley gangs. Here,
life is cheap and harsh, but these
places breed tough, hard-bitten souls
who make for excellent soldiers. A
career in the Freeguilds offers a path
to glory and renown for even the
most low-born guttersnipe.

Hammerhal’s standing armies
are amongst the largest and
best-equipped available to the
God-King. A military people who
take great pride in their heritage,
Hammerhalians prize martial
ability and stubborn resolve. The
Goldjackets – as the line infantry
of the city’s Freeguilds are known –
are famed for their fighting ability
and unwillingness to retreat even
in the face of impossible odds. Each
of the city’s seven military guilds is
descended from one of the ancient
tribes that Sigmar brought with him
to the Realm of Heavens before the
Gates of Azyr were closed.

More than in any other free city,
the Freeguild of Hammerhal are
fiercely proud of their heritage. They
still bear the great battle-standards
of their progenitor tribes, artefacts
of rare provenance woven from
Hyshian suncloth and stitched with
the skin and bones of martyrs . These
standards are brought onto the
battlefield to inspire the Goldjackets

to great feats of martial ski l l and
bravery. Those who stand beneath
the heraldry of their forebears find
their hearts enflamed with zealous
pride, and they wi l l fight on even
when all hope seems lost. To allow
the colours to be taken, damaged
or destroyed in battle would be an
unthinkable disgrace. Only once in
the history of Hammerhal has such a
disaster occurred. On that occasion,
the entirety of the Griffon Spears
– the dishonoured Freeguild in
question – embarked upon a suicidal
cavalry charge against a greenskin
horde eight times their number in
a doomed attempt to restore their
honour. This ill-fated adventure,
known as the Forlorn Charge, is
still the subject of Hammerhalian
folk tales and songs. It is regarded
not as a tale of tragedy but as a
heroic encapsulation of the city’s
stubborn pride.

Such is the size and influence of
the Twin-tailed City that it can
avail itself of almost any specialist
formation. Ranks of handgunners
and swordsmen are backed up by
all manner of aux i l iary formations,
chosen according to the needs of
each individual campaign; when
necessary, the Lord Generals of the
city can field nimble-footed Shadow
Warriors, fleets of Gyrobombers or
the magical war machines of the
Collegiate Arcane. These powerful
armies have been called upon often
during the dark days following
the Shyish necroquake and have
performed with characteristic ski l l
and bravery.

THE ACADAMAE MARTIAL
An army is only as effective as the generals who command it, and in
this respect the Twin-tailed City is unrivalled. Outside of Azyrheim
itself, the Acadamae Martial of Hammerhal Aqsha are famed as the
greatest colleges of warfare and strategy anywhere in the realms. An
entire district of the city has been transformed into a combined training
ground and barracks, complete with mustering fields where the officers
of the city’s great armies can study the theoretics of cavalry movement
and infantry formations.

The renowned Dragoon-Generals of Hammerhal are the elite graduates
of these august schools. They typically command heavy cavalry
regiments mounted on Demigryphs, and they are infamous for their
aggression and derring-do. With flamboyant sashes, towering helms
and immaculately coiffured facial hair, they cut a strapping image on
the battlefield.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
14

AGAINST THE
GREEN HORDES

at the Pale Gorge and his eye in the
Hexwood. Some soldiers lost limbs.
Some lost their lives. All the God-
King asked was that they did so in
his name.

Soldiers of Hammerhal are renowned for their skill and fighting spirit, but against the brutal greenskin warclans
that haunt the wilds of the realms, these traits alone are not enough to triumph. Only by standing together as one
impenetrable wall of shields and spears can they keep the enemies of Order at bay.
Rain poured down in sheets.
It was always raining in
this part of Ghyran. Or so it
seemed to Creel, at any rate. It made
the feather on his cap droop and ran
in rivulets along the etched surface
of his breastplate. The Freeguild
sergeant squinted, trying to see
through the curtain of water.
Past the trees, the horizon was red.
Something was burning, despite the
rain. He could hear the boom of the
Ironweld’s batteries to the south.
‘Listen to them sing,’ he murmured.
‘Not long now,’ Brokk rumbled. The
duardin Ironwarden stood beside
him, drakegun cradled in his arms.
Brokk patted the weapon as if to
calm it. ‘Soon enough, we’ll sing our
own war-song, eh, oath-brother?’
Creel nodded. ‘When the ground
begins to quake, that’s the signal.’
Posweil had promised to bring the
enemy to them in good time, and
Creel had never known the Preceptor
to be wrong when it came to such
things. The Demigryph Knights
would see to their task, as Creel
would see to his.
At the thought, he cast a weather
eye over his men, frowning as he
watched the halberdiers struggle
to maintain their footing in the
mud, their blue-and-white leggings
stained brown.
‘Hold your place, you lackwits,’ he
roared. ‘I’ve only got one bloody leg
and I’m managing better than the
lot of you.’
He knocked scarred knuckles
against the side of his wooden leg for
emphasis. The leg was made from
ironoak, and there were coins nailed
to its length. He liked to think of
them as his retirement fund. Creel
had spent a lifetime in the service of
the Faithful Blades, one of the oldest
regiments in Hammerhal. Over the
course of his duties, he’d left a leg

labour-clans had made short
work of nearby trees, felling them
and stacking them in improvised
palisades to the south and the east,
where the Ironweld had placed their
guns. Creel frowned as he considered
the raw tree stumps, glistening in
the rain. The forests around here
bore grudges, and he knew the folk
of Hammerhal would pay a price for
their actions, however necessary.
Brokk sniffed the air. ‘Smell that?’
‘Been smelling it since we left the
city.’ The enemy had come suddenly
and swiftly. Outposts all along the
River Clot had gone quiet. River
traffic had slowed, and there was a
smell on the wind, dank and sour.
Something was swarming east
through the foothills, towards the
Twin-tailed City and its outlying
demesnes. Something green.
The distant thunder of the
Ironweld changed tenor. More rapid
now – the staccato boom-boom-
boom of Helblaster volley guns. That
meant the enemy were too close for
cannons. He looked down at Brokk,
and the duardin smiled.
‘See you when it’s done, eh?’ he
said, as he pulled on his helm.
‘When it’s done,’ Creel replied.
Brokk nodded and went to rejoin
his Irondrakes.
Creel drew his sword. ‘Form up,’ he
bellowed. ‘Quickly now.’
Seconds later, he heard trees
splinter and fall. Out in the dark,
something bellowed. A sound full
of hunger and fury. Creel hawked
and spat. ‘Troggoths,’ he muttered.
Troggoths were always worse in the
rain. It seemed to rile them up.
Roars echoed, almost drowning
out the steady drumbeat of the rain.
An infantryman stumbled as the
mud shifted, nearly dropping the
regimental standard.
Creel turned on him. ‘Keep that

He swept the ranks with a
glare, watching as they steadied
themselves. Beside him,
Brokk laughed.
‘Not their fault, you know. Not
used to the rain, these Aqshians.’
Creel spat. ‘Dregs from the
Cinderfall district. Never felt the
cold a day in their lives until they
came here, most of them.’ He paused.
‘Good soldiers though. Never met an
Aqshian who wasn’t willing to fight.’
The Faithful Blades held the centre
of the line, as had been tradition
since Hammerhal’s founding. A
solid wall of Freeguild halberdiers,
extending towards the treeline.
Behind them, supporting units of
handgunners from the Blacktalons
and crossbowmen from the Gold
Gryphons. And to either flank,
the Dispossessed of the Jadeforged
Clans, in their green-tinged
gromril war-plate.
They had taken up position in
a newly made clearing. Duardin

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
15

standard up, Belkis, or so help me I’ll
gut you myself.’
‘Wasn’t my fault, Sergeant,’ Belkis
protested. ‘Lost my footing.’
Creel leaned close. ‘Think the
enemy cares, boy?’ he growled.
‘Think they give two spits why you’re
on your knees?’ He raised his voice
to a low bellow. ‘No! Because they’re
the enemy. Stay on your feet, hold
the line, trust in Sigmar. That’s how
we do things here.’
A moment later, the first of the
Demigryphs pelted out from between
the trees. The lean, catlike, bird-
headed beasts galloped towards the
halberdiers, running flat out despite
the armoured knights that rode
atop them.
Creel spotted Posweil in the
lead, helmetless and sporting
the immaculate facial hair that
identified him as a graduate of the
Acadamae Martial of Hammerhal
Aqsha. The big knight bellowed a
cheerful greeting as he urged his
spotted steed past the halberdiers.
‘They’re right on our tail, Creel.
You know what to do!’
Creel nodded, his eyes on the
trees. Posweil was right; there was
something moving there. Something
fast. The sound of it sent a chill
through him. He knew that sound –
a sort of squashy drumbeat.
‘Halberds at the ready,’ he shouted.
‘And remember, lads, hold the line
and trust in Sigmar.’
The first squig hurtled through the
trees like a cannonball with teeth.
The spherical beast bounded forward
in an erratic pattern, slaver trailing
from its wide jaws. More followed –
a tidal wave of red, spilling towards
them. An enormous maw, rammed
full of foot-long fangs, suddenly
filled his vision.
He lurched backwards, and the
fangs slammed home on his wooden
leg. Cursing, Creel clawed for the
pistol thrust through his belt. He
fought to keep his balance as the
squig worried at his leg. He freed
his pistol and shoved it up against a
beady eye. The shot punched through
the creature’s spongy cranium and
it deflated like a burst waterskin,
loosing him.
He turned. Behind him, the squigs
had hurled themselves into the

same. They came in ragged ranks,
accompanied by banging gongs and
wielding crude weapons.
Creel held his ground as they
poured over the halberdiers like a
green wave, stabbing or clubbing
wildly at anything that moved. He
plied his blade with brute efficiency,
thrusting and hacking with no
real goal save to kill as many of the
creatures as possible, as quickly
as possible. Belkis and the others
followed his example, some of them
crying Sigmar’s name. If the God-
King noticed, he gave no sign.
Creel heard a scream and turned.
A towering shape, gangling and
stinking of dark places, loomed
over him. A Troggoth – but bigger
than any he’d ever seen before. It
was the size of a cogfort , at least.
It leaned over and snatched up
a nearby infantryman. As Creel
watched helplessly, it lifted its prey
high over the battle and squeezed
the screaming man to a bloody pulp.
The brute laughed gutturally, and
to Creel the sound was worse than
all the roars in the world. It tossed
the crushed body aside and reached
for another.
Creel barked an order. Halberds
thrust upwards into the Troggoth’s
flanks and belly. The brute jerked
back, face contorted in animal
rage. Its dim gaze fixed on Belkis –
perhaps because he was waving the
standard for all he was worth – and
it reached for him. Creel dragged
Belkis aside and slashed out with
his sword. The monster wrenched its
hand back with a roar of frustration.
A moment later, the roar became
a shriek of agony as the full weight
of a Demigryph and rider caught
the beast in the back. The Troggoth
stumbled as the Demigryph scaled
its lanky frame like a cat climbing
a tree, its rider lashing out with his
sword. More Demigryphs bounded
past, pouncing on unwary grots
or squigs.
‘You saved me,’ Belkis said.
Creel laughed and clapped Belkis
on the shoulder. ‘I told you, boy –
hold the line, and trust in Sigmar.’
He turned as the roar of another
Troggoth echoed through the trees.
‘Now get back in formation. We’ve
still got work to do.’

tightly packed ranks. Bodies flew
into the air, accompanied by screams
and curses. But despite the carnage,
the line held. Halberds thrust out,
pinning struggling squigs to the
muddy ground, where they were
swiftly dispatched.
There was no time to celebrate,
however. The squigs had just been
the first wave. Small, hunched
shapes scuttled in their wake. Grots.
Hundreds of them. The grots paused
in disorderly mobs at the edge of
the clearing.
‘What are they waiting for?’ Belkis
panted, squig ichor staining his
sword arm.

Creel had no chance to reply as
the first volley of arrows pierced the
curtain of rain and fell among his
men. The grots were no marksmen,
but even a greenskin could hit a
big enough target. Men screamed
and fell. From behind them, Creel
heard the bark of handguns as the
Blacktalons and Gold Gryphons
replied to the greenskins in kind.
Then, from his left came the boom
of drakefire guns, accompanied by
a duardin war-song. Brokk and his
clansmen had a long history with the
greenskins – none of it good.
Belkis yelped as an arrow sank into
the standard pole, nearly catching
his fingers. Creel plucked an arrow
from his wooden leg and cast it into
the mud.
‘Reform ranks,’ he shouted.
‘Prepare to receive the enemy!’
As he spoke, the grot archers slunk
back into the trees and the rest of the
greenskins charged. They were ugly
creatures, barely tall enough to reach
his waist, but dangerous all the

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Living City

THE LIVING CITY

Raised by Lady Alarielle the Everqueen from the stone and ironoak of the Jade Kingdoms, the Living City is a
natural bulwark against the savage powers of the realms, a mighty woodland city ringed by thorn-studded towers
and walls of choking vines.

The Living City is a monument to
the restored alliance between Sigmar
and Lady Alarielle, radiant goddess
of nature. It was the Everqueen’s
armies – alongside several Warrior
Chambers of the Ghyran Guard and
the Hallowed Knights – that scoured
the skaven of Clan Morbidus from
the surrounding forests and cleared
the ground for the city’s birth.
Summoning the magical currents of
Ghyran to shape the trees and stones
around her, the Everqueen raised the
boughs of the Everspring Swathe,
forming ramparts and walls of living
thorn, great canopy-districts and
winding, oaken pathways.

In recognition of the God-King’s
service to her people, Alarielle
granted sanctuary to all free
peoples within the verdant walls
of the Living City and allowed the
construction of the Oakenspire
at its heart. This immense

Stormkeep would become the
foremost stronghold of the Ghyran
Guard, sworn protectors of the
Jade Kingdoms, who regard the
Everqueen with almost the same
reverence as they grant their liege-
lord Sigmar. The Hallowed Knights
also have a minor Stormkeep here
and are equally influential in the
city’s military decision-making. In
addition to these Sigmarite forces,
several glades of Sylvaneth maintain
wargroves within the city proper.
The Oakenbrow in particular are
well represented as the most prolific
and even-tempered of Alarielle’s
children. There is great mutual
respect between these noble warriors
and the Stormcast Eternals, who
see them as kindred spirits in the
struggle against Chaos. Even the
Wanderers – those aelves who
abandoned Ghyran during the Age
of Chaos – have made a home here,
though they are confined to the

outer quarters of the Living City;
old wounds do not easily heal, and
despite the Wanderers’ willingness
to give their lives for the Everqueen’s
cause, her Sylvaneth children wi l l
never truly trust those whom they
name traitors and exiles.

The Living City was the first of the
so-called Seeds of Hope, the three
fortified cities founded in the Realm
of Life that would come under
siege from the forces of brutality
and disorder during the bloody
Season of War. This conflict saw
a multitude of Chaos warbands,
greenskin hordes and other savage
forces, outraged by the God-King’s
intrusion into what they considered
their rightful domain, rise up to lay
siege to Sigmar’s nascent cities. The
Living City saw some of the worst
of the fighting. Only after a long
and vicious campaign was the final,
tumultuous Battle of the Awakening

In the days since the Shyish necroquake, the Swathe
has been assaulted by waves of undead beings. Spectral
hosts of Nighthaunt illuminate the deep forests
with ethereal lights, and great shambling hordes of
Deadwalkers have crawled forth from bogs and meres
to fall upon vulnerable farming settlements. There are
even rumours of strange, skeletal cities rising within
the dark places of the world.

THE EVERSPRING SWATHE
The Living City is located amidst the verdant wilds
of Thyria in the Everspring Swathe, one of the largest
continents of the Realm of Life. Ever since the return
of Sigmar to the Mortal Realms, the Swathe has
been contested territory. Though the God-King and
Alarielle’s alliance has recovered much lost ground
and established several great strongholds of Order,
the Plague God Nurgle still covets the Swathe; his
daemonic and mortal minions thrive in places such
as Glott Marsh and the vile city of Plaguespire,
whence they regularly launch raids and unleash
contaminating rituals upon their hated foes.

The Swathe consists of the twin Jade Kingdoms of
Thyria and Verdia. All animal and plant life in the
former is male and in the latter female. During the
passing of the seasons, great migrations are made
across the stamen-like promontories of the Triske
Isles to sacred hunting and mating grounds. Much of
the Living City’s trade revolves around these seasonal
trails as hunters, skinners and other tradesmen follow
the flux of wildlife in search of materials to sell at
market. The Everqueen tolerates this practice so long
as proper respect is given to nature – those hunters
who commit acts of great wastefulness or cruelty soon
suffer the wrath of watchful Sylvaneth.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
decided in favour of the defenders,
the city itself stirring to life to crush
and tear apart its besiegers. In the
wake of this victory, the boughs
of the Living City have continued
to reach ever outwards, though
scars of the past still linger: only
careful tending by druids of the
Everspring Circle keeps infestations
of bileworms and poxstingers –
repulsive creatures unleashed by
Nurgle-worshipping priests – from
spreading throughout the city’s
ironoak barricades. Ironoak, a
strong and supple wood, is the city’s
greatest export and the material
from which its arms and armaments
are made. Artisans and craftsmen
from across the realms covet the
substance, fashioning wondrous
artefacts and treasures from
sturdy branches.

The city’s standing armies of
Wanderers, allied Sylvaneth and
Freeguild soldiery – together known
as the Viridian Shield – are trained

to fight amidst the twisting labyrinth
of the Everspring Swathe. They travel
light and strike fast before fading
away, relying on sudden assaults,
barrages of missiles and flanking
attacks to whittle down superior
numbers. A common term amongst
the Viridian for the thick woods
surrounding the Living City is
‘home beyond the walls’, signifying
their belief that their own natural
fortifications are a mere extension
of the great forests of Thyria,
which give them both succour
and protection.

The Nomad Princes that make up the
majority of the Living City’s military
leaders have perfected the art of
the ambush. Wild Riders bound
into battle upon their stag mounts,
stabbing at their prey with long-
bladed spears before disappearing
into the undergrowth. If the enemy
is foolish enough to pursue, they
are swiftly surrounded by glaive-
wielding aelven rangers and carved

apart. Those of a more cautious
disposition suffer all the same. The
city’s Freeguild Crossbowmen fire
and reload with practised skill ,
sending hails of ironoak bolts
whistling down into the enemy’s
tightly packed ranks . Even worse
are the magical bolts of blue-white
flame loosed by the Sisters of the
Watch, elite woodland warriors
who wield longbows formed from
pure arcane energy. Should the
hour be dire and the enemy’s
numbers overwhelming, sacred
horns carved from the shells of
wardroth beetles are blown. The
booming sound echoes through the
deep, dark forests of the Everspring
Swathe and the children of Alarielle
answer. Sylvaneth warriors burst
from the treeline, striking without
warning and swiftly cleansing the
foe’s corruption from the land.
Some wargroves even accompany
the armies of the Living City when
they roam abroad, serving the
Everqueen’s wi l l in distant lands.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
18

NATURE’S WRATH

‘Well, cousin?’
‘They’ve left their armsmen
behind, as we hoped. A few arrows,
a few more taunts, and they
galloped after us.’ She shook her
head. ‘You’d think they’d learn,
after all this time.’
‘I give thanks to the Everqueen
every day that they haven’t.’
Ferasaen tapped the pommel of his
starsteel blade. ‘How many?’
She frowned. ‘More than I’d like.
Thick as flies. Hundreds.’
Ferasaen grimaced. ‘And
their masters?’

The Living City is a powerful symbol of unity, undeniable proof that coexistence between nature and civilisation is
possible. When the faithful of Alarielle and the God-King join as one, they become a mighty force to be reckoned
with. Nevertheless, there is no shortage of foes seeking to test the strength of this bond.
T he smell of sickness was on
the wind.
Prince Ferasaen dropped
lightly to the loamy ground, making
barely a whisper of noise.
‘It looks as if the Sisters of the
Watch did their part. The enemy
are making their way through the
ghost-elm grove to the south. We’ve
timed it right.’ The Nomad Prince
straightened, pushing back the edge
of his cloak of leaves. The curved
antlers of his helm added to his
great height, causing him to tower
over his human subordinate.
‘We always do,’ Kort said.
The Freeguilder scratched his
unshaven cheek. In contrast to his
commander, the human was short
and stocky, clad in the green livery
of his regiment. ‘Question is, will
our… ‘friends’ show up this time?’
Ferasaen frowned. The human’s
question was impertinent, but
his concern was understandable.
The Sylvaneth were anything but
reliable when it came to affairs
of men and aelves. ‘If our need
is great.’
‘It was great last time.’
‘No, it wasn’t,’ a new voice
interjected. Ayaela stepped into
the open, her bow balanced across
her shoulders. The High Sister
nodded respectfully to Ferasaen. He
returned the gesture with solemnity.
Ayaela and her sisters were his
good right hand, as Kort and his
crossbowmen were his left.
‘Guess it depends on your
perspective,’ Kort said, with a
shrug. ‘Seeing as I was the one who
near as had his skull decorating
a Rotbringer standard, you can
see why I might wonder.’ He gave
Ayaela a gap-toothed grin. She
snorted and turned away.
‘If we need them, they are but a
horn’s blow away.’
‘We may well, if the stink is
any indicator,’ Ferasaen said,
before Kort could make a retort.

brought with it the tang of spoiled
meat. He placed his hand against
the trunk of a nearby tree and felt
the bark twitch. The enemy were
here. ‘Time to go to work, cousin,’ he
said. They clasped forearms.
‘Ride swift and strike true, my
prince,’ Ayaela said. She was gone
a moment later, slipping through
the greenery like a shadow, to rejoin
her sisters. Ferasaen whistled softly
and a jade-daubed Wild Rider
appeared, leading a saddled stag.
‘It is time, Caervad,’ Ferasaen
said. ‘Call the others.’
The aelf nodded and lifted a
hunting horn to his lips as Ferasaen
swung himself up into the saddle.
He felt a surge of anticipation as
the horn’s note quavered on the
warm air. It was always thus. He
yearned to prove himself, as they
all did. To show the Everqueen that
they had repented their crime – that
what they had once abandoned,
they would now defend to the death
and beyond.
He nudged the stag into motion.
As the great beast bounded
through the tangled labyrinth of
the Everspring Swathe, more stags
appeared, each bearing a rider
who clutched a long-bladed spear.
The Wild Riders fell in around
their prince as he skidded down
grassy slopes and bounded over
fallen trees, gathering speed until
the forest was little more than a
contiguous blur of green.
Caervad continued to sound his
horn until the forest seemed to echo
with the eerie call. The hunt was on.
Dozens of riders had answered the
call; it was a cavalry charge unlike
any other. The aelves gave voice to
ululating screams, so as to inspire
fear in their prey.
Ferasaen alone remained silent.
He was no worshipper of Kurnoth,
filled with love of the hunt. He was
simply a prince without a kingdom,
a penitent in the green fanes of

‘Less. Forty, maybe fifty.’
Ferasaen let out a breath he hadn’t
realised he’d been holding. Not as
many as he’d feared, then. ‘Fine. I’ll
take the lead. Kort…?’
‘I know what to do.’ Kort gave a
lazy salute. ‘With your permission
then, my lord, I’ll rejoin the others.’
Ferasaen nodded.
‘May your bolts fly true, Kort.’
‘Always do, my lord. Always do.’
Ayaela watched him depart.
‘Arrogant oaf,’ she said,
without anger.
‘No. Just human.’ Ferasaen
frowned as the wind shifted and

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
19

the Everqueen. And this was
his obeisance.
The ghost-elm grove welcomed
them, the pallid bark sighing as if in
gratitude. Ferasaen and his riders
galloped easily through the close-set
trees, closing in on their slower-
moving prey. He leaned forward in
his saddle, drawing his sword as
he did so. The air was sour and full
of flies.
When he saw them, the bile rose
unbidden in his throat. A lance
of armoured knights, swollen and
filthy with the foul blessings of the
Plague God. The flyblown heraldry
they bore was familiar to him,
for these had often attacked the
Living City in recent years. Their
mouldering tabards and armour
were a mocking echo of those worn
by the chivalric orders that had
once defended Thyria and the
Everspring Swathe.
One of the Chaos Knights bellowed
a warning to his fellows as the Wild
Riders galloped towards them – but
too late. The Wild Riders swept
through the enemy and enchanted
spears thrust out, punching into
rust-riddled war-plate with ease.
Several Chaos Knights toppled
from the saddle but not all. They
were hideously resilient, absorbing
wounds that would have killed a
normal warrior many times over.
Ferasaen aimed his stag at the
closest knight and twitched the
reins. The beast lowered its antlers
as it sprang forward. The moulting
reptilian beast ridden by the Chaos
Knight gave a screeching hiss as
the stag’s antlers tore into its side,
drawing a spurt of ichor. The Chaos
Knight roared a curse and twisted
in his saddle.
Ferasaen ducked beneath the
corrupted warrior’s miasmatic
blade and let his own sword dance
across his opponent’s side. His
blow drew greasy sparks from the
Chaos Knight’s armour, even as
the reptilian beast gave way and
Ferasaen’s stag bounded past.
He tugged on the reins, bringing
his steed about. His opponent
thundered after him, howling oaths
to his abominable god.
The Nomad Prince did not pause.
Instead, he sheathed his blade and

urged his stag into motion, heading
away from the enemy. At that silent
signal, the Wild Riders broke off
their attack and whirled away,
following their prince. The Chaos
Knights pursued, as Ferasaen had
hoped they would. The farther they
could draw them from the rest of
their forces, the better. The enemy
was too strong to fight head-on.
The Wild Riders scattered in all
directions, slipping easily through
the trees. Their pursuers had more
difficulty, being unused to the
twisting labyrinth of the Everspring
Swathe. Their monstrous steeds
became tangled, and Ferasaen
could hear the knights cursing and
slashing at the offending vegetation.
As the last of the Wild Riders
slipped out of the ghost-elm grove,
Ferasaen turned his steed about.

Caervad slowed as well.
‘What now, my prince? A second
charge?’ he asked, eagerly.
‘No. It’s Kort’s turn.’ Ferasaen
spotted the Freeguilders easily,
but only because he knew what
to look for. The humans lacked
aelvish grace, but they had cunning
aplenty. They crouched among
the undergrowth, crossbows at the
ready. ‘Give the signal,’ he said.
The horn sounded again, and the
Freeguilders rose. They unleashed a
volley of ironoak bolts into the first
of the Chaos Knights to burst into

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

the open. With practised skill, they
reloaded and fired again at Kort’s
shouted command. The Chaos
Knights bulled on, fewer now, but
those that remained seemed even
more determined. Some of them had
been struck by several arrows that
now protruded from them like the
spines of a carnovrak, but they rode
on regardless, rust-coloured gore
spilling down their cuirasses.
After a third volley, the
Freeguilders retreated, slipping
back into the forest ahead of the
enemy. Caervad’s horn sounded
a second time, and then it was
Ayaela’s turn. Many of the enemy
horsemen peeled away in the
direction of the apparently fleeing
humans, making themselves perfect
targets for the Sisters of the Watch.
A moment later, magical bolts of
blue-white flame thrummed down
from the trees overhead, punching
Chaos Knights from their saddles
and wreathing their flesh in
cleansing fire.
Still the survivors plunged on,
roaring war-cries, trying to find
their attackers. They were tough –
tougher than Ferasaen had hoped.
Too many of them still stood, or
rode, despite the unerring aim of the
Sisters of the Watch.
Ferasaen reached into a saddlebag
and retrieved a war-horn,
painstakingly carved from the shell
of a wardroth beetle. He considered
it for a moment, then placed it to
his lips and blew. A boom of sound
emerged, reverberating through
the trees.
It was such that even the Chaos
Knights fell momentarily silent.
They turned, searching for the
sound’s origins. In the long
moments that followed, there was
only the whisper of the breeze and
the creaking of boughs. Then came
a noise like thousands of branches
snapping all at once.
The Sylvaneth had arrived.
Ferasaen felt a chill as the treekin
strode past him, their tread causing
the ground to shudder. The war-
cries of the Chaos Knights soon
turned to screams.
‘Sound the horn, Caervad,’ he
said, softly. He drew his sword. ‘The
hunt is not yet finished.’


PAGEBREAK
20

Greywater Fastness

GREYWATER FASTNESS

The industrial behemoth of Greywater Fastness rises from the centre of a vast, magic-blasted mire. Though it
resides in the Realm of Life, this is no verdant garden city; looming over the landscape like a great, metal beetle, it
is a place of churning refineries, smog-shrouded warrens and Ironweld gun foundries.

A blunt, uncompromising slab of
iron ringed with cannon batteries
and choked with the smoke of
sprawling factory complexes,
Greywater Fastness stands tall
amidst a devastated no man’s
land of shattered trees and
bubbling swamps.

In the years since its founding,
this great centre of industry and
invention has remained stubbornly
defiant in the face of numerous
threats. Its smoke-spewing
factories produce some of the finest
blackpowder weapons and art i l lery
pieces in the realms, and the gun-
lines of a Greywater formation are
much valued by Sigmar’s battlefield
commanders. Yet such power and
autonomy has come at a heavy price.

During the Season of War, the
fortress-city’s Ironweld gun batteries
and the Luminark arrays of the
Collegiate Arcane decimated the
bestial hordes that threatened to tear
the city down, but the cataclysm they
unleashed rendered the land around
the city all but uninhabitable. This

region, known as the Ghoul Mere,
is populated by vengeful woodland
spirits who prey upon any mortals
foolish enough to stray from the
heavily guarded trade roads. Led by
the mysterious Treelord known as
Pale Oak, the Sylvaneth that dwell
here have clashed several times
with the armies of Greywater. Only
the threat of undead invaders and
rampaging warbands of Chaos has
prevented the outbreak of total
war between these two seemingly
incompatible cultures.

War is the all-powerful force that
drives the expansion of Greywater
Fastness. It fills the coffers and
vaults of Ironweld guildmasters and
Dispossessed mason-lords and keeps
the fires of the gun foundries ever
blazing. The demand for Greywater
weapons and refined firepowder is
incredibly high, and the duardin
clans that operate the city’s most
prosperous forge complexes
have grown immensely rich and
influential. Many have earned a
position on the Council of the Forge,
a great gathering of lords and clan

chiefs that wields more power than
even the city’s Grand Conclave.
Driven by an avaricious desire for
more and more raw resources with
which to power their experimental
war machines, the Council seeks
any excuse to make war upon
Greywater’s neighbours.

Few of Sigmar’s mortal armies can
rival the sheer destructive force of a
Greywater battalion. Elite regiments
of Handgunners – known as
Greycaps because of their distinctive
choice of headwear – are joined by
veteran shieldbands of Dispossessed
Ironbreakers and Irondrakes to
form an all but impervious battle
line. These relentlessly drilled troops
are backed up by the fu l l might of
the Ironweld Arsenal – cannon and
Helblaster Volley Gun batteries
together with bomber squadrons
flanked by whirring Gyrocopters to
provide air cover. There is a simple
martial doctrine to which all the
generals of Greywater Fastness
adhere: the decisive application
of overwhelming – and often
extravagantly excessive – firepower.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
RAIN OF FIRE

21

The armies of the Fastness believe that there is no enemy that cannot be set to flight by the thunder of a
thousand guns. Many foes have tried to breach the fortified walls of the great city, but all have been repulsed by a
devastating cannonade that turns the world to fire and smoke.
‘G et those guns loaded,’
Dornisson bellowed,
pounding his fist against
the unyielding stone of the rampart.
‘I want a continuous rain of fire!’
Gunnery crews, both duardin and
human, hurried to obey his orders,
readying cannons, organ guns
and rockets.
Dornisson’s station was but one of
many. The outer walls of Greywater
Fastness were festooned with
secondary defensive ramparts. Each
one was a secure nest of fire and
iron – isolated save for the steps and
walkways that connected them to the
narrow runner-keeps built into the
concentric walls.
The air hummed with the
reverberations of a thousand
batteries, and Dornisson could smell
blackpowder on the wind. The duardin
sighed in satisfaction. This was what
it was all about. Powder and shot, the
taste of it on your tongue… there was
no better feeling.
He turned back to seething tides
of the foe. They were easy enough to
see. The lower ramparts were scarcely
twenty metres above the ground and
were the first target of any besieging
force, if they made it under the range of
the higher batteries.
Below him, the skaven pressed
forward across the no man’s land of
shattered trees and bubbling swamps.
A horde stretching the entirety of
the southern wall – and probably
farther than that. Thousands of them,
squealing and scuttling through a rain
of shot and fire.
‘I can’t believe the treekin let them
through,’ one of the crewmen muttered.
‘I can,’ Dornisson said, flatly. The
Sylvaneth were no friends to Greywater
Fastness. They were no friends to
anyone. He could well imagine the
treekin watching from the edges of the
swamps as the blunt slab of iron and
smoke that was Greywater Fastness
was drowned in vermin. He cast a hard
glare at the offending crewman.

‘Best keep your mind on your duties
and not on what the treekin did or
didn’t do.’
A moment later, Luminark arrays
mounted on the uppermost ramparts
lit up the smoggy night. Arcane
detonations lanced the writhing mass
of ratmen, punching holes in the
scurrying horde. The whole seething,
chittering mass seemed to waver for
a few moments. Then, inevitably, it
recovered and charged on.
As the thunder faded, Dornisson
heard a familiar whine. He looked
up and saw a Gyrobomber squadron
streak out over the horde. Rotor arrays
whirring, the squadron swung across
the skaven vanguard. Grudgebuster
bombs pummelled the earth, hurling
burning bodies skyward in great gouts
of earth and fire.
But as the craft veered to make a
second pass, one of the skaven war
engines spat a crackling stream of
sickly green lightning, tearing through
one of the Gyrobombers in the process.
The craft exploded in mid-air and
chunks of burning wreckage rained
over the horde. Despite their losses, the
skaven continued their advance.
Dornisson cursed and spat as a tide
of iron and filth suddenly rushed the
lower ramparts. At his command,
Helblasters vomited fire. Skaven fell in
twitching heaps.
‘Maybe we should sound the
alarm,’ one of his crewmen said. ‘Get
the Greycaps up here.’ Each of the
ramparts had an alarm bell, designed
to let those soldiers stationed in the
nearest runner-keep know that the
enemy had reached the walls.
‘We don’t need them,’ Dornisson
said, sharply. ‘This is our battery, and
we don’t need any Freeguild jack-a-
dandies to protect it. You’ve got guns
– use them.’
As he spoke, ladders made from
wood and bone clacked against the
stonework. Crude anchoring pitons
dug in as ratkin swarmed up the
ladder, squealing and chittering.

Dornisson cursed and unlimbered his
grudge-raker. He swung the multi-
barrelled weapon around as the first
verminous snouts appeared over the
top of the parapet and fired, scything
the nearest section of the rampart
clean. But as he reloaded, another
creature scrambled up and leapt
atop him, sending him sprawling.
His grudge-raker clattered from his
grip. He twisted aside as the skaven
struck at him, clawing for his pistols.
He heard someone ringing the alarm
bell, despite his orders, and cursed.
Whoever it was, he’d have their hide
– provided they survived the next
few moments.
The skaven’s blade scraped across
his gromril plate, drawing sparks. He
rolled onto his back.
‘Get off of my rampart,’ he growled.
The skaven had a moment to goggle
at the pistols in the Cogsmith’s hands
before Dornisson pulled the triggers.
Even as the skaven was blasted
over the rampart’s edge, Dornisson
heard the tromp of hobnailed boots.
A unit of Greycaps flooded onto the
rampart, their handguns barking.
The Freeguilders were hardened
fighters and when they’d emptied their
weapons, they used the stocks, their
knives or simply their hands and feet.
‘Still breathing, Dornisson?’ one
asked, stepping over him.
‘No thanks to you,’ Dornisson
groused, hauling himself to his feet and
retrieving his grudge-raker. The skaven
were falling back, trailing squeals
of panic in their wake. Those of his
crew who had survived the onslaught
cheered, but Dornisson silenced them
with a glare.
‘Who told you to stop firing?’ he
rumbled. ‘When I say continuous
rain of fire, by Grungni’s fiery beard, I
mean continuous rain of fire!’
The crews leapt to obey. Dornisson
smiled grimly as the thunder of the
guns started up once more.
Yes, indeed. There was no
better feeling.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
22

The Phoenicium

THE PHOENICIUM

Despite the grandeur of its gleaming spires and autumnal gardens, the City of the Phoenix in Ghyran is a strange
and haunting place. Its great walls are shaped from ancient amber, and preserved forever within them are those
who sought and failed to lay waste to the city in centuries past.

The city known as the Phoenicium
was once little more than an ancient
ruin lying at the foot of the vast,
tree-like Arborean Mountain.
During a mighty battle, the lower
slopes of the mountain were torn
asunder and a tidal wave of sticky
sap was released, engulfing the city
and the helpless combatants before
solidifying into a giant glacier of
hardened amber.

It was this strange scene that was
discovered by the Anointed of the
Phoenix Temple many centuries
later. The aelves watched in
astonishment as their Flamespyre
and Frostheart Phoenixes took to
the air, flying over the preserved
city and trailing sorcerous energy
as they whirled and spun. The rock-
hard amber slowly melted, forming
a golden mist that enveloped the
ruins and persists to the present
day, cloaking its wondrous
promenades and white marble
towers in a warming haze. Enemies
who stray too close to this mist are
transformed into amber statues and
added to the gleaming ramparts .

Many worshippers of the
Ur-Phoenix make their pilgrimage
to the Phoenicium, the holy city of
their deity, and the ranks of the city’s
armies are thronged with silent,
merciless warriors. This is the centre
of the Phoenix Temple’s power in the
Mortal Realms, and those warriors
overcome by grief, horror and loss
finally find peace upon the flaming
shrines of the city’s temples.

For many of the aelves who
are descended from the great
civilisations lost during the
ravages of the Age of Chaos, the
Phoenicium is a testament to their
former glory. Within its walls, they
occupy themselves with art and
enlightened study as their ancestors
did in ages past. The metaphorical
rise of the Ur-Phoenix from the
ashes is symbolic of their own desire
to rebuild what was lost. It is they
who are the dominant culture in
the Phoenicium, in terms of both
raw population and seats in the
Grand Conclave. Nevertheless, they
recognise a kinship with their fellow
races and welcome both duardin and

humans into the city – although only
aelves may serve in the armies of the
Phoenix Temple. The God-King’s
stake in the Phoenicium is directly
represented by the Lions of Sigmar.
This proud yet reclusive Stormhost
occupies the Golden Castrum, an
amber Stormkeep at the centre of
the city.

Though the rulers of the Phoenicium
prefer to see their home city as a
beacon of culture rather than a
military stronghold, its standing
armies are ever ready and eager to
defend its borders. When the city
rouses for war, Flamespyre and
Frostheart Phoenixes descend from
their roosts high up on the Arborean
Mountain, their mournful cries
filling the Phoenicium’s defenders
with resolve. As the elite warriors
of the Phoenix Guard swing their
halberds with ar t fu l precision, the
offspring of the Ur-Phoenix swoop
down over their heads to unleash
magical gouts of ice and fire into the
thick of the enemy ranks , leaving
piles of ash and shattered ice in
their wake.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
FLAMES OF THE PHOENIX

23

The human inhabitants of the Phoenicium might not truly understand the spiritual connection between the Ur-
Phoenix and their aelven allies, but they still consider the avian godbeast a symbol of hope and salvation. More
than once its elemental offspring have come to the aid of the city’s Freeguild armies.
T he sea wind brought with
it the stink of rotting meat
and the cries of the damned.
Shema gripped her spear more tightly
and tried to ignore the terror that
threatened to unravel her. The things
that floundered towards the shore
were unlike anything she had fought
before. Their charnel stink caused her
to gag.
She had served in the Holdashi
Irregulars for only a few months. The
bruises she’d earned on the training
fields were still fresh.
Now she faced creatures from her
darkest nightmares. They had come
aboard vessels dredged from the
sea’s bottom by deathly magics and
crewed by the souls of the drowned.
An armada of reeking, barnacle-
encrusted hulks, each full to bursting
with a cannibal cargo.
They spilled onto shore in foul waves
– not dead things but living beasts,
twisted by madness and magic.
Ghouls. Shema felt her stomach twist
in disgust at the sight of the creatures
and she was reminded of the ugly,
hairless rats that infested the paupers’
fields of Holdash.
Ravenous and insane, the pallid
mordants scrambled up the broken
ground towards the shimmering ranks
of the Phoenix Guard. To either side
of this gleaming line, the Freeguild
companies drawn from the scion-
cities of Holdash and Houndsgate
readied themselves for their part in
the bloody drama being enacted.
The expected order came, rolling
down the line from sergeant to
sergeant. She automatically lifted
her spear, bracing it on the rim of her
shield the way she’d been taught by
the drillmasters of the Phoenicium.
She hoped she’d have the courage to
use it.
She watched the aelves, envying
them their discipline. It was said by
the veterans of the Irregulars that the
Ur-Phoenix burned all fear from its
followers. Looking at the aelves, she

could believe it. Her eyes were drawn
upwards to the company banner,
which bore the flaming wing of a
Phoenix. She wondered if the Ur-
Phoenix really did watch over them.
She hoped so.
As the first wave of mordants crested
the shore, the halberds of the Phoenix
Guard swung up and out with artful
precision, lopping off limbs, splitting
skulls and spilling entrails. The
silent warriors painted the shallows
red with gore, but still more of the
creatures came. Aelven warriors were
dragged down through sheer weight of
numbers. Larger beasts, giants among
their own kind, smashed the aelves
from their feet and tore them apart.
The first of the ghouls reached
the Freeguild shieldwall a moment
later. Shema yelped as splintered
claws caught at her shield, trying
to yank it aside. The ghoul gabbled
unintelligibly, spraying her with
drool. There were words there amid
the noise, but she couldn’t make them
out – for which she was grateful.
She thrust her spear out the way
she’d been taught and was rewarded
by a crunching sensation. Something
wet and noisome splashed her. The
ghoul slumped, nearly dragging her
shield from her arm. Desperate, she
jerked it free of the dying creature’s
grip, even as a shadow stretched
across the battle line. She looked up
and saw a massive blotch of darkness
dropping towards her. She flung
herself back, nearly falling over.
Others did the same and the line
dissolved in panic.
Ragged wings of exposed bone and
tattered flesh unleashed gale-force
winds as an enormous bat-like shape
crashed down among them. Shema
felt a pulse of fear shoot through her
as she took in the rotting, chiropteran
features and the malignant light
boiling within the holes where its eyes
ought to have been. A Terrorgheist –
or so she’d heard such monstrosities
called. It gave vent to an ear-splitting

screech, and those soldiers closest to
the beast fell, clutching their heads,
blood streaming from their eyes
and noses.
The creature’s head swung about,
and Shema froze as it fixed on her.
She wanted to run. Instead, she lifted
her shield, knowing it would do little
good. The Terrorgheist lumbered
swiftly towards her, balancing on its
wing-stumps. She readied her spear.
Whatever happened next, the God-
King would not find her wanting.
But even as she prepared to sell
her life dearly, a mournful cry from
overhead startled her. There was
a flare of light – of warmth – and
the Terrorgheist shrilled in pain. It
started to turn, a gout of magical
fire washing over its rotting hide. A
crimson shape, wreathed in crackling
flame, swept past, darting around the
undead chiropteran with impossible
speed. A second shape joined the first,
and then a third. Fire and ice washed
over the struggling bat-thing, burning
and freezing it simultaneously.
A few moments later, the struggling
Terrorgheist combusted into particles
of ash and ice-crystal. What was left
of it tumbled to the shore, and the
glowing flight of Phoenixes turned
their attentions to the mordants.
Grey-skinned cannibals screamed as
boiling waters cooked them alive or
were caught fast as the sea suddenly
froze. As if a signal had been given,
the Phoenix Guard advanced into
the shallows, silent and implacable.
Those few mordants who had survived
soon perished.
Shema and the others cheered wildly
while the children of the Ur-Phoenix
circled above them. A Flamespyre
Phoenix swooped low, its wings
trailing the mystic flames that were its
birthright. The Anointed sitting atop
its back raised his halberd as if in
acknowledgement, and Shema found
herself returning the gesture.
It seemed the Ur-Phoenix had been
watching over her after all.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
24

Anvilgard

ANVILGARD

The harsh frontier port of Anvilgard borders the sweltering jungles of the Charrwind Coast in Aqshy, a region
known for its monstrous wildlife. Though the city presents a sombre, traditionalist front, scores of aelven outcasts
have found opportunity here, including beast hunters, corsairs and the secretive leaders of the Darkling Covens.

Anvilgard is a heavily fortified
seaport situated on the shores of the
Searing Sea. The city is strategically
vital, as it stands watch over both
the Golvarian Passage and a highly
contested and valuable stretch of
ocean filled with precious resources
and long-lost treasures. Nomadic
tribesmen and foreign traders flock
to the city’s markets to sell produce
and trinkets looted from scattered
ruins deep in the Searing Sea. Aelven
corsairs regulate this busy trade,
maintaining order in the straits with
merciless efficiency.

Anvilgard is situated amidst a thick
expanse of sweltering jungle and
encircled by a volcanic mountain
range. The locals know this region
as the Crucible of Life. The nearby
volcanoes are constantly erupting
and drowning areas of the jungle

in molten lava, but once the ash
has settled, the flora – infused with
potent Aqshian magic – grows back
with unnatural aggressiveness. This
rapid growth would overwhelm the
city of Anvilgard were it not for the
noxious defoliants developed by
Ironweld alchemists. Great dragon-
headed guard towers spit torrents
of this substance into the air, where
it withers and ki l ls any plant life
that encroaches upon the city walls.
Though apparently harmless to
the city’s inhabitants, it shrouds
the streets in a semi-permanent
grey murk.

This gloomy backdrop provides
an excellent home for those who
prefer to work in the shadows.
First founded by the Anvils of
the Heldenhammer, Anvilgard
maintains a stern visage of

traditionalism; however, beneath
this noble exterior, the city is rife
with illicit trade and criminality.
A cabal of outcasts has arisen to
claim dominion over this nest of
trafficking and vice. Known as the
Blackscale Coil, this organisation
is ruled by a shadow council of
aelves, including Fleetmasters of
the Scourge, Sorceresses of the
Darkling Covens and Beastmasters
of the Order Serpentis. In
addition, it has agents of all races
embedded in every military and
social stratum of the city. The Coil
manipulates the Grand Conclave
of Anvilgard from afar using a
combination of blackmail, threats
and murder – all performed with
such silent efficiency that as yet
the dreaded Lord-Veritants have
not been dispatched to root the
cabal out.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BLOOD IN THE WATER

25

The Scourge Privateers of Anvilgard make their living by hunting and trapping the hideous monsters of the
Charrwind Coast. They then either sell them on to curious collectors for a hefty price or turn them against their
enemies – with spectacularly gruesome results.
S alekh ducked smoothly
beneath the sweep of the
orruk’s crude blade, and his
cutlass danced across the greenskin’s
ribs. The orruk staggered, snarling
guttural obscenities.
‘Quietly now,’ Salekh said. As
the creature turned, he snatched
his murder hook from his belt and
buried it in the orruk’s wide skull.
The greenskin slumped with a
disgruntled sigh, and Salekh kicked
it free of his weapon.
‘I can’t stand the way they howl,
can you, Mercaen?’
‘No, Captain,’ his first mate said,
as he dragged a curved knife across a
wounded orruk’s throat. ‘Fair hurts
the ears.’
Salekh looked out over the water.
The burning shanty-port made a
lovely light, illuminating the sleek,
feral lines of his ship, anchored close
by. The Freeguild steamgalleons had
breached the harbour hours ago and
the Scourge wolfships had poured
in, emptying their holds of Freeguild
marines and Black Ark Corsairs.
But the orruks, true to form, weren’t
giving up without a fight.
‘How predictable these beasts are,’
he said, his lip curled in a sneer.
He spied a Corsair parrying a wild
blow before removing the offending
sword arm with his riposte. Another
leapt lightly across a pile of broken
crates, her repeater handbow
humming as she pinned a squealing
grot to the dock. She left the wailing
creature there and padded after
new prey.
It wasn’t all going their way, of
course. No raid ever did. Salekh
winced as an orruk smashed a
Corsair from his feet with a bone-
splintering blow and stamped on
the dazed aelf’s head. The orruk
didn’t have long to celebrate, as a
volley of handbow bolts knocked
him sprawling over the body of
his opponent.
The wind turned again, and the

smoke thickened. It boiled suddenly,
and then an orruk was pounding
across the rickety dock towards
him, rusty cutlass raised over his
misshapen head. The brute’s frame
was studded with handbow bolts, but
he showed no signs of slowing.
Mercaen moved to intercept the
orruk, but Salekh waved him off. He
grinned fiercely and readied himself,
looking forward to the fight. But
it wasn’t to be. There came a crack
of thunder, and the orruk’s head
was reduced to a bloody mess. The
body stumbled on a few steps before
sinking down at Salekh’s feet.
Salekh stared at it for a moment,
and then looked up. ‘He was
mine, Berger.’
‘I didn’t see your brand on him,’
the human said, lowering her
smoking handgun. The Freeguilder
wore the black and crimson of the
Rumrunners, one of Anvilgard’s
marine regiments. She shrugged. ‘My
apologies, though. Next time, I’ll let
him split your narrow skull.’
Salekh snorted and nudged the
body of the greenskin with the toe
of his boot. Past Berger, he could
see the rest of the Rumrunners
moving through the smoke, their
handguns barking.
He watched the flames leap across
the rusty ramparts of the shanty-
port. The orruks called it Blista
Bakk, for reasons that escaped
him. He smiled sourly. It hadn’t
taken much to convince the Grand
Conclave to deal with the pestiferous
beasts – a few bribes, a few threats.
That was just how business was done
in Anvilgard.
‘We’ve got them on the run,’ Berger
said, cheerfully. She took off her cap
and ran her fingers over her shorn
scalp. A tattoo, resembling a black
coil of tendril, marked the spot just
behind her ear.
‘For the moment.’ Salekh watched
the last of the greenskins vanish into
the ruined buildings and sighed.

There would be more where they
came from. That was just how it
was with orruks; there were always
more. Which meant more effective
means of disposal were required.
He gestured to Mercaen. ‘Are the
beastmasters ready?’
Mercaen nodded. ‘Say the
word, Captain.’
Salekh was about to reply when
he heard a clatter and turned. The
Freeguilders had started dragging
the scrap that littered the dockside
into place as makeshift defences.
‘What are they doing?’
Berger glanced at him. ‘Building
barricades. To keep them penned up.’
‘Why are you bothering with that?’
Salekh ran his thumb along the edge
of his cutlass. ‘We came here to root
them out, remember?’ He sheathed
the blade and signalled Mercaen.
The Corsair darted back towards
the ship.
‘Well, I’m sure as Sigmar not going
in there after them,’ Berger said.
‘We’re not being paid enough to fight
greenskins in close quarters.’ She
frowned. ‘And not all of us enjoy it
the way you do.’
‘Oh, we’re not going in there after
them either. That’d be too much like
work.’ He smiled nastily as he heard
the tell-tale groan of the wooden
hatches in his wolfship’s hull being
winched open. ‘Besides, it’s past their
feeding time anyway.’
Berger looked at him in confusion.
‘Feeding time?’
A monstrous roar of hunger
and rage split the air. A moment
later, a monstrous, many-headed
Kharibdyss was floundering ashore,
goaded by its beastmasters. The
coiling, serpentine heads flexed
and snapped as the luminescent
beast hauled itself towards the
burning buildings and the meal it
scented there.
Salekh laughed as the screaming
began. ‘Much easier this way, don’t
you agree?’

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
26

Hallowheart

HALLOWHEART

A city of wild and living magic, Hallowheart is home to some of the most powerful spellcasters in the Realm of
Fire. It is built upon a pillar of rock that descends into the vast Shimmering Abyss, once home to a behemothic
aberration of Tzeentch but now filled with precious realmstone ripe for mining.

The Hallowed Knights founded
Hallowheart within a huge, crater-
like pit known as the Shimmering
Abyss. Emerging from the depths
of this funnel-shaped chasm is a
towering basalt mesa that was once
used as a nest by the Wyrdflame
Drake, a serpentine dragon of
living flame that was corrupted
by the influence of Tzeentch. This
monstrous creature was slain by a
combined force of Hallowed Knights
and Fyreslayer mercenaries from
the Vostarg Lodge shortly after
the Realmgate Wars, clearing a
path for the construction of a truly
majestic stronghold.

Atop the great column of fire-
hardened rock was built the city of
Hallowheart itself, descending level
by level into the depths of the Abyss.
Winding stairways jut from the

central column, leading to bustling
mining camps built into the walls of
the surrounding cavern. The location
offers a rich bounty of valuable
crystals and minerals; by trading
these resources, the city has become
wealthy and powerful very quickly.

Among the magically infused
minerals is also the much-prized
primordial emberstone. Drifting
accumulations of this powerful
but volatile matter burn with a
furious sentience, and it takes brave
and skilled miners – aided by the
latest esoteric magical technologies
designed by the Ironweld – to gather
them. Whitefire Court, the great
hall of the Collegiate Arcane, is
constructed almost entirely from
this rare material, and it morphs and
twists daily according to the whims
of its occupants.

Hallowheart seethes with latent
magical energy, but this powerful
eldritch aura comes at a price. Both
the Devoted of Sigmar and the
city’s Stormcast Eternal guardians
maintain a vigilant watch for
the merest sign of corruption
or any lingering remnant of the
Tzeentchian taint that once ran
rife through the Shimmering
Abyss. Indeed, the corruption of
the cavern’s previous inhabitants
may run deeper than even the most
pessimistic Witch Hunters fear.
The Hallowed Knights are often
seen embarking upon secretive
missions into the depths of the
mines, and entire excavation teams
have disappeared without a trace.
Rumours swirl, and these whispers
are only exacerbated by the frequent
sight of grim Lord-Veritants upon
the city streets.

realms clashed. New fortresses and settlements were
raised to protect conquered territories, and relics of
the past were uncovered. Though the final fate of the
Flamescar Plateau is yet to be decided, the wizards of
Whitefire Court in Hallowheart have recovered many
priceless magical treasures of the Agloraxi, which they
continue to study and test.

THE FLAMESCAR PLATEAU
After the forces of Sigmar secured their beachheads
in the Brimstone Peninsula, Golvaria and the lower
reaches of Capilaria, the God-King’s eye swiftly turned
towards securing new borders. The resource-rich land
of the Flamescar Plateau was judged a prime target,
not solely for its rich mineral and metal deposits
but because of the ancient legacy that dwelt beneath
its ash deserts, smouldering mountain ranges and
petrified forests.

The Plateau was once home to the Agloraxi Empire, a
magocracy ruled by pyromancers and sorcerers that
dominated vast portions of the Parching Waste. Their
civilisation had fallen in the dark days of the Age
of Chaos, but many of their arcane inventions still
remained. Most terrible of all was the Prismatikon, a
weapon of supreme devastation that had the ability to
bring fiery death to distant realms. It was this device
that Sigmar desired to recover, for its power could
not be allowed to fall into enemy hands. Thus, he
launched the Blazing Crusade, gathering his armies
and those of his allies and marching upon the Plateau
to drive the forces of Chaos and the savage armies of
Gorkamorka from the land. Hallowheart was one of
three great cities to dispatch armies to the Flamescar
Plateau, sending hosts of hardy Freeguild warriors and
Battlemages of the Collegiate Arcane. Deadly battles
broke out across the Plateau as the powers of the

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
27

Despite these sinister developments,
the city’s inhabitants see their silver
guardians as nothing less than
angels made flesh. The Celestrine
Cathedral, constructed by the
Stormhost at the city’s highest point,
is an extraordinary monument to the
God-King, an awe-inspiring palace
of worship whose enchanted stained-
glass walls perpetually gleam with
the cleansing light of dawn. The
cathedral’s convocation halls and
soaring basilicas can house many
thousands of worshippers – as they
did during the crisis of the Living
Inferno, when sentient fires raced
through the streets of Hallowheart
in the wake of the Arcanum
Optimar. Hallowheart also houses
the Shining Citadel, the foremost
Stormkeep of the Hallowed Knights.

An extremely powerful aura of
Aqshian magic emanates from
Hallowheart’s crystal caverns, and

over time this radiance has imbued
the population with strange powers.
From the lowliest foot soldier to the
Battlemages of Whitefire Court, all
who dwell within the city’s borders
share a lingering portion of this
eldritch energy. This can manifest
in many different ways, from
strange birthmarks to an excess of
inexplicable good fortune. In all
cases, this attunement to the flow
of magic grants natives of the city
surprising resilience to sorcerous
attacks. Spells hurled at formations
of Hallowheart warriors have been
to known to sputter and disappear
before impact, as if breaking against
an invisible wa l l .

The fireballs and lightning bolts
cast by Hallowheart Battlemages
suffer no such misfortune. Those
practitioners of the arcane arts
raised within the borders of
Hallowheart find themselves able

to summon and control the winds
of magic with almost preternatural
ease. Many find work as roving
spellhunters, seeking out and
dispelling the voracious, predatory
spells that ravage the realms. Many
others serve in Hallowheart’s
grand armies.

The city also boasts a number
of devastating Luminarks and
Celestial Hurricanums, which
make use of a variety of magical
foci in order to unleash ruinous
magical attacks. Clusters of heavily
armoured infantry gather around
these incredibly powerful wizards
and arcane engines, creating a wall
of grinding metal that thunders
forward to exploit the gaps blasted in
enemy lines. Frenzied Fyreslayers are
often found at the head of the charge,
having lent their axes to the city’s
cause in exchange for a portion of its
vast gold reserves.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
28

MAGIC UNBOUND

the still-howling skull through its
facets. ‘Magnificent. Sergeant, have
you ever seen the like?’
‘Once,’ Gull said. He frowned
at Deker’s callous dismissal of his
assistant’s demise. Piscos had been
a decent enough sort, if a bit fussy.
‘When the Purple Death came to
Hallowheart. One of those things
was loose as well.’
‘A Burning Head, I believe it’s
called. A manifestation of Aqshy’s
elemental fury.’

The horror of rogue magic has caused as much devastation to the city of Hallowheart as any orruk horde or Chaos
warband. The city’s commanders rely upon Battlemages to combat such destructive phenomena. These students of
the arcane risk their lives and souls to unbind and harness roaming, predatory spells.
‘D own!’ Gull caught the
back of Deker’s robes and
dragged the Battlemage
off of his feet. A sizzling current of
magical flame passed overhead,
filling the air with acrid smoke
and turning a nearby stone wall to
bubbling slag.
‘Fascinating,’ Deker said, adjusting
his spectacles. The Battlemage
sounded more interested than
afraid. Then again, Gull expected
no less from a scion of the Whitefire
Court. Insane, the lot of them.
Something to do with the magic in
their blood.
The Freeguilder levered himself to
his feet, silversteel armour clanking.
The thing – a howling, skull shaped
conflagration – had turned away,
its attentions momentarily drawn
to another part of the battlefield
that had once been a mining
encampment. Eyes stinging from the
smoke, he sought out the Luminark
and cursed. The arcane engine was
well and truly stuck now, if it hadn’t
been before. The stony ground had
melted beneath its wheels, and
though the horses strained in their
traces, they couldn’t dislodge it.
He looked around at what was
left of the Luminark’s escort – only
a handful of men and women now,
armed with halberds and armoured
in silversteel. The rest had been
reduced to motes of ash by the
sorcerous flames of the rogue spell as
it rampaged across what was left of
the camp.
He turned back to Deker. ‘Where’s
Piscos?’ The last he’d seen of him,
the old acolyte had been atop
the Luminark when the spell had
crashed across their path.
Deker absently patted at his
now-filthy white robes. ‘He caught
the brunt of its attack, I’m afraid.
Never could remember his Agloraxi
dispelling incantations, the poor
fellow.’ He produced a coloured
prism from a pocket and examined

the sort of magic that had a mind
of its own. Gull took stock of
his surroundings.
The mining camp sprawled through
a large tunnel, one of thousands that
now occupied the walls of the vast
cavern known as the Shimmering
Abyss. It was akin to a small city, one
comprising a mix of tents and more
permanent duardin-built structures
as well as winding stairways that led
out and up to the great fire-hardened
column of rock that supported the
city of Hallowheart.
Right now, most of the camp was
on fire, thanks to the Burning Head,
which careened through the narrow
streets, sucking in air and expelling
heat with an ear-splitting howl. But
beneath the spell’s clamour, Gull
could hear the ring of steel and the
cries of the dying. The enemy had
been waiting for them. The reports of
missing miners, the strange lights in
the depths, all of it had been bait to
draw someone down.
Deker clambered gracelessly
aboard the engine, robes flapping.
‘We need to get her moving,
Sergeant. It might spell the difference
between victory and defeat.’
‘It’d be easier if you weren’t up
there,’ Gull pointed out.
‘Someone must oversee the
operation,’ Deker said. He peered
through his prism. ‘Hmm. The
skeins of magic are thickening…
that predatory spell is still close.
I’d hurry.’
Gull was about to reply when he
heard the clatter of loose stones
and an avian squawk. The horses
stamped the earth, eyes rolling. Gull
caught a whiff of something – like
the air after an alchemical storm.
He knew that smell. He turned from
the Luminark, his hand falling to the
hilt of his sword.
‘Weapons up,’ he shouted. ‘We’ve
got visitors!’
Something screeched, unpleasantly
close to hand. Then, with a scrabble

‘Can you do anything about it?’
Deker shrugged. ‘Maybe. But first,
we need to get the Luminark moving.
It’s far too valuable to allow that
impertinent conjuration to destroy
it. Or worse – to have it captured
by our foes.’ Deker hiked up his
robes and made his way across
the bubbling street. ‘Come along,
Sergeant. The Burning Head is
preoccupied for the moment. Let us
make haste. Time waits for no man
or mage.’
Gull sighed. ‘You heard him. On
your feet.’
Smoke hung thick on the air as
they gathered about the stranded
Luminark. They’d scattered when
the predatory spell had appeared,
seeking cover. In Hallowheart, you
learned early to go to ground when
magic was in the air. Especially

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
29

of talons on stone, half a dozen
blue-skinned, inhuman creatures
burst into view from among the
burning tents.
‘Tzaangors!’ one of Gull’s men
yelled. The bestial creatures had
circled around, probably hoping to
flank the Luminark before it could
get into position. The rogue spell had
made their task easier. They raced
towards the Luminark, screeching
in triumph.
‘Defend the Luminark!’ Gull
roared, as one of the bird-headed
beastmen sprang towards him, a
curved blade in its talons. Gull
hurled himself aside, and the
creature’s blade became wedged in
the Luminark’s frame.
Gull drew his sword from its sheath
as the Tzaangor tore its weapon
free and spun to face him. For a few
moments, steel rang against steel.
But the creature was stronger than
he was, and it drove him back with a
flurry of wild blows.
Out of the corner of his eye, he
saw the others doing their best to
keep the beastmen away from the
Luminark. Deker, standing atop
the engine, raised his prism to his
eye and a moment later, bolts of
burning energy arced from its facets
to consume one of the creatures. At
least the Battlemage was pulling his
weight for once.
Gull lost sight of the others as the
Tzaangor pressed its attack. Their
blades locked and they staggered in
a circle. The Tzaangor loomed over
him, its eyes gleaming with malign
delight. Suddenly, it lunged, jabbing
at him with its beak. Gull was forced
to leap back. He realised too late
that he’d left himself open.
Before the Tzaangor could strike,
however, it abruptly stiffened and
sank down, the sword clattering
from its grip. As it fell, Gull spotted
the familiar, scarred, soot-streaked
features of his rescuer and felt a
flush of relief.
‘It’s about time, Thurgin,’ he said.
‘Where were you? You were supposed
to help us protect this thing.’
‘We were busy killing
changespawn,’ the Fyreslayer
growled. ‘Like we’re paid to do.’ He
reached down a wide hand, marked
with gleaming runes of gold, and

spell isn’t the only thing interested
in us. Look.’ He pointed, and Gull
spotted more Tzaangors creeping
through the tents. Twice as many as
last time.
‘If you climbed down and helped,
it might go faster,’ Thurgin snarled,
glaring up at the Battlemage. Deker
was oblivious to the Fyreslayer’s
anger. He was staring at the
approaching spell.
‘Possibly,’ he said. ‘I’m busy at the
moment, however.’
‘Doing what?’ Thurgin demanded.
‘Concentrating.’
‘Concentrating on what?’
A screech echoed from close by.
More Tzaangors. Gull could see
them surrounding the Luminark.
The creatures seemed confident they
would have it, despite the presence
of the spell – or maybe because of it.
Thurgin spat a curse, and reached
for a throwing axe .
‘No need for that, I assure you,’
Deker said. He peered through
the array of arcane optics atop the
Luminark and adjusted the lenses.
The Tzaangors crept closer. The
beasts cackled as they drew near.
‘Deker,’ Gull began.
‘Patience, Gull. The Luminark
is no duardin handgun. It is an
instrument of precision, requiring
careful calibration… like so.’ The
battlemage threw a lever and
the Luminark shuddered. The
lenses cycled and flared, spitting
a coruscating beam of pure light.
The cackles became screams as
Tzaangors were hurled into the
air, their bodies aflame. Those that
could, fled. The rest burned.
But there was no time to celebrate.
Heat washed over them. The Burning
Head rose up over the street, a giant,
fiery skull balancing on a column
of swirling flame. Deker lifted his
prism and spoke in a language Gull
didn’t understand.
The heat receded. The Burning
Head turned slowly, almost
reluctantly. Deker gestured and it
began to move south – in pursuit
of the fleeing Tzaangors. The
Battlemage smiled in satisfaction
and looked down at them.
‘Now then, put your backs into it,
fellows – another push should do it,
I think.’

plucked a fyresteel throwing axe
from the back of the Tzaangor’s
feathered skull. Four more of the
burly duardin, Vulkite Berzerkers of
the Vostarg Lodge, were with him.
Between them, the Fyreslayers and
the Freeguild had made short work
of the remaining Tzaangors. Thurgin
grinned at him and gestured to
the Luminark.
‘Having trouble with your
toy, manling?’
‘A bit,’ Gull said. ‘The Luminark is
stuck. We could use some help.’
Thurgin laughed. ‘Do we look
like labourers? We’re paid to fight,
not push.’
Deker cleared his throat. ‘Actually,
according to the terms of the most
recent revision of the contract
between the Hallowheart Conclave
and the Vostarg Lodge, you are
bound to provide, and I quote, all
necessary battlefield assistance.’

Thurgin stared at the Battlemage,
his expression volcanic. Gull
laughed. ‘You heard him, Thurgin.
Get your back into it.’ He turned.
‘That goes for the rest of you – come
on!’ The Fyreslayers hesitated, but
only for a few moments. A contract
was a contract, after all.
Freeguilders and Fyreslayers
threw themselves against the
arcane engine, heaving and cursing.
But despite their best efforts, the
Luminark merely rocked on its axle.
‘It’s not moving,’ Thurgin growled.
‘It will,’ Gull said, through gritted
teeth. ‘Just keep pushing.’ It was
getting hot. The air tasted of cinders.
He peered around the side of the
Luminark and saw flame boil along
the street. The Burning Head was
coming back. ‘Keep pushing,’ he
repeated, desperately.
‘We might want to hurry,’ Deker
said, with infuriating calm. ‘The

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
30

Tempest’s Eye

TEMPEST’S EYE

The enormous Titanspear Mountain rises proudly above the ash plains of the Brimstone Peninsula in Aqshy, its
summit masked by banks of pure white clouds. Carved out of the bedrock of this immense monolith is Tempest’s
Eye, a wondrous city of soaring towers and palaces that dominates both land and sky for many leagues around.

Tempest’s Eye is a mountaintop
stronghold and bustling trade port,
a multi-levelled city linked together
by winch-lifts and cable carriages.
Jutting from its cliffs are several busy
docks, where hundreds of duardin
airships and gyrocutters tie up daily,
unloading goods and bartering
and trading in the city’s merchant
districts. Situated as it is so close to
the firmament, an aura of celestial
magic gathers strongly about the
Eye. Dotted around the city are
many planar observatories and
arcane orreries. Within these strange
structures, seers and battle-scryers
work to keep constant vigil over the
surrounding lands.

Upon the Eye’s highest peak stands
Castle Regal, the great Stormkeep of
the Tempest Lords. These patricians
and warrior-nobles rule over the
Eye with a fair but strong hand and

are far more firmly rooted in the
city’s politics and lawmaking than
is usual for a Stormhost. Having
been recruited from the aristocratic
dynasties of Hysh, the Tempest
Lords see themselves not just as
warriors but as rulers born to inspire
those less learned and wise than
themselves. Thus, both the foremost
Lord-Castellant and Lord-Celestant
of Castle Regal have permanent seats
in the Eye’s Grand Conclave, and
no civic or martial edicts are passed
without their signatures.

Though the city of Tempest’s Eye
itself is situated at the summit
of a mountain range, stretching
out before it are expansive, open
ash steppes dotted with fortified
outposts and war camps of the
Freeguild. A significant portion of
the city’s military might consists of
cavalry forces such as Outriders and

Pistoliers, who are used to travelling
and fighting across vast distances.
Guided by the city’s celestial seers,
these swift-moving forces range
far into the wilds beyond the Eye’s
borders to seek out and harry the
city’s foes, drawing them into
position for a k i l l ing strike from
above. At the optimum moment, a
Tempest Lord Vanguard Wing of
airborne warriors wi l l descend like
comets from the skies, laying waste
to the unprepared foes with hurled
javelins and hammers.

Often, these elite winged warriors
wi l l be accompanied by formations
of Kharadron bombers, whose
barrages of high-yield ordnance
swiftly pulverise all resistance.
The duardin of the sky-ports have
earned great profits by trading with
the Eye and see it as an asset well
worth protecting.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
COLD STEEL ON COLD WIND

31

Surrounded on all sides by hostile armies, the city of Tempest’s Eye must rely upon its expert scouts and
skirmishes to pre-emptively strike against any emerging threats. Shadow Warriors prowl the alpine valleys
surrounding the mountain citadel, slaying their prey with blades and white-feathered arrows.
R aelyn nocked a white-fletched
arrow and held it, keeping
time with her own heartbeat.
Her breath frosted on the morning
air. The Shadow Warrior sighted
down the length of her shaft, seeing
the path it would take in her mind’s
eye. The first shot was always the
most important.
Below, the fires had at last guttered
out, leaving the planar observatory a
blackened ruin. The mutilated bodies
of its attendants and acolytes hung
from the fire-scarred timbers like
meat in a butcher’s window.
Raelyn did her best to ignore the
dead and instead concentrate on their
killers. There were thirty of them,
at least. They would sleep through
the day, gorged on meat and drink,
before moving on and leaving the ruin
defiled and stinking of their spoor.
She recognised their char-blackened
fur. She had hunted the beastmen of
the Scorchpelt Greatfray before.
Raelyn released the arrow, praying
the wind wouldn’t turn. It cut a fine
line between the screen of scrub
trees, angling downwards through
a shattered window and took the
intended target in the eye. The
beastman spun and fell. It was only
the first.
Arrows arced down from a
hundred different points as Raelyn’s
fellow Shadow Warriors loosed a
deadly rain upon the defilers of the
observatory. White-fletched arrows
sprouted from confused beastmen,
toppling them into fires or dropping
them where they stood. The surviving
creatures gave vent to wild cries and
bellows of challenge.
A shrill whistle sounded to Raelyn’s
left. She caught the flash of a storm-
blue cloak and whistled in response.
The lean shape of an aelven Shadow
Warrior detached himself from a
nearby outcrop of rock and slid down
into the gully beside her, without
dislodging a single stone.
‘Well?’ she asked, but softly.

‘The humans are on the way.’
Raelyn nodded. ‘Good.’ Though the
Freeguild Outriders were swift on
open ground, in the mountains they
were at a disadvantage. But their
repeater handguns would come in
handy before the day was out. ‘And
the duardin?’
‘Also on the way. Or so their
message claimed.’
Raelyn frowned. The Grundcorps
had promised aid, once the enemy
was identified. It was part of the ever-
evolving web of trade agreements and
contracts that bound the Kharadron
traders to the Grand Conclave of
Tempest’s Eye. The city protected
Kharadron interests in the foothills
and surrounding townships. In
return, the Kharadron provided
military aid when required. Or when
they could be bothered to do so.
She pushed the thought aside
and peered down into the still-
smouldering ruin. ‘How many of
them are left?’
The aelf shrugged. ‘Enough to prove
troublesome.’ He tilted his head back
and made a show of sniffing the air.
‘More on the way, as well.’
She studied him. ‘Your nose isn’t
that good, Maslaer,’ she said, after
a moment.
Something that might have been a
smile surfaced briefly on Maslaer’s
face. ‘No. Reports from the duardin
mining outposts farther down the
mountain. The beasts have been
sighted creeping around their
encampments. These are just scouts.’
Raelyn grunted. ‘That explains why
the Kharadron were willing to send
reinforcements without too much
haggling.’ She drew another arrow
from her quiver and nocked it. ‘Let’s
make sure they have an easy job of it,
then. Signal the others.’
Maslaer nodded, and a moment
later he was gone as silently as he’d
appeared. Raelyn rose and moved
slowly down the scree towards
the observatory.

It was an old game, this, and one the
aelves knew well. The mountains were
full of monsters too cunning to be
rousted by Freeguilder or Kharadron
patrols. But there was one gambit sure
to draw out even the slyest of beasts.
Raelyn ducked beneath the hanging
bodies and let out an audible curse.
She let some of the fear she felt creep
into her words, so that her quarry
could hear it. She could feel them
watching her. She heard the clatter
of stones and the low murmur of
voices as other members of the patrol
entered the ruin and made as much
noise as possible.
If they were lucky, the beasts would
think that their ambushers had grown
overconfident and come out of hiding.
Raelyn paused as she caught a whiff
of abattoir musk and heard a faint
growl from close by.
Raelyn ducked aside as a beast
lurched out of a nearby archway.
She retreated, drawing the beast into
an open area. She prayed Maslaer
and the others were in position. The
beastman was big, covered in scars
and ritual markings, a rusted axe
in its grasp. Goatish lips peeled back
from yellowing fangs as it bounded
towards her with a dreadful bellow.
The howl was cut short a moment
later when an arrow sprouted
between its shoulder blades.
Another caught it in the throat. It
staggered on, shaking its head as if
in puzzlement, before collapsing in
a heap.
She could hear the sound of similar
encounters echo throughout the
observatory. But none of them lasted
longer than a few seconds. A few
moments later, Maslaer whistled from
somewhere above. Raelyn whistled
back. The task was complete. And
just in time, too. A brayhorn blared,
somewhere down the mountain.
The rest of the herd was on its way.
But they’d find a poor reception. She
readied another arrow.
And waited.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Collegiate Arcane

THE COLLEGIATE ARCANE

Feared and respected by all, the Battlemages of the Collegiate Arcane are amongst the most powerful spellcasters
in the realms. Each has dedicated their entire life to the study of magic. Utilising sorcerous foci and engines of
untold destructive power, they lay waste to the enemies of Azyr.

When the old empires fell and
Sigmar’s folk made their retreat
to the Eternal City, they counted
many wizards, thaumaturges and
war-seers among their number.

These masters of the arcane
possessed a priceless cumulative
pool of knowledge, each having
long studied the strange magical
energies of their home realm.
The descendents of a thousand
different cultures, magocracies
and kingdoms, they included
pyromancers from Aqshy, hedge
druids from the Jade Kingdoms and
soul whisperers from the grave-
deserts of Shyish.

It was decided by the God-King
that this wisdom must be preserved
at all costs, and so it was that the
Collegiate Arcane was founded.
The Towers of the Eight Winds
were constructed in the skies
above Azyrheim, kept aloft by
powerful enchantments so that they
drift above the Eternal City like
glimmering stone candles. Each
of these structures is an arcane
laboratory and college dedicated
to the study of the mystic lore
and recovered artefacts of one
of the Eight Realms. Known as
Battlemages, the wizards of the
Collegiate spend a decade of their
lives studying at each tower. Only

the most venerable of their number
can be considered experts in all eight
disciplines and ascend to the rank of
Grandmaster of the Collegiate.

Nevertheless, even an apprentice
of the Collegiate is a force to be
reckoned with. Those who wield
the powers of the arcane become
suffused with the particular energies
of the realm in which they were
born. Thus, a Battlemage hailing
from the Bright Plains of Hysh may
well be able to call upon the umbral
powers of the Shadow Realm to
wreathe themselves and their allies
in darkness, but they would be far
more potent when calling upon the
Guardians of Pha – magical entities
from the Realm of Light that shield
those who summon them with
barriers of radiant luminescence.

The Collegiate has constructed
towers and academies of magic in
all of the major free cities, and its
wizards are called upon when the
deadly presence of magic threatens
their survival . The expertise of the
Battlemages is sought to purify
corrupted Realmgates, to seek out
and destroy the catalysts causing
daemonic incursions, and to lay
waste to those foes who cannot be
destroyed by steel and cannon fire
alone. Their furious magical barrages
have turned the tide of countless
battles. Unlike the aelven masters
of the Eldritch Council, mages of
the Collegiate cannot instinctively
control their magic. Instead, they
rely upon sorcerous foci and strange,
techno-arcane devices to channel
their power. These focal objects often
take the form of simple items such
as enchanted staves, hourglasses,
amulets and the like. Battlemages
work their spells through these
items, summoning arcs of scorching
lightning and choking wisps of
shadow to annihilate their foes.

A Battlemage’s power is not solely
offensive in nature. Magic can be
shaped to all needs, and masters of

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
the Collegiate can likewise envelop
their allies in shimmering shields
of magical force or infuse them
with the wild strength of Ghurish
beasts. Battlemages typically do not
dedicate much time to mastering
the cruder physical disciplines of
warfare and may appear as easy
targets in single combat. Those who
attempt to strike them down would
be wise not to underestimate the
difficulty of such a task. Not only
can a Battlemage shield themselves
with enchantments, their staves
and blades are also potent sources
of arcane energy – a single blow
can wreathe the target in flames or
wither their flesh to dust.

Amber Battlemages – those who
hail from the primal plains of Ghur
– sometimes use their mystical
connection to beasts to secure a

war mount. There are tales of these
sorcerers riding to battle upon
giant bat-winged frogs, solar bears,
silt-serpents and other rare and
ferocious beasts. However, they are
most commonly found atop proud,
twin-headed Ghurish griffons –
an offshoot of the Azyrite breed
noted for their greater aggression
and strength.

Severe threats to a free city’s safety,
such as daemonic assaults or
screeching hosts of vengeful spirits,
require more drastic measures
than the deployment of a few
Battlemages. On such occasions, the
Collegiate Arcane wi l l send forth
its dreaded magical war machines.
A Luminark of Hysh consists of a
series of focal lenses crafted from
pure, refined aetherquartz – the
crystallised essence of the Realm

of Light. When magical energy
is focused through these lenses,
it coalesces into a searing beam
of pure radiance that can punch
straight through a Dreadhold’s walls
or burn a gargant to ashes in an
instant. A senior White Battlemage
is tasked with maintaining the
unthinkably complex mechanisms
of the Luminark – and blasting apart
any foes who attempt to destroy
it. Only at the most dire moments
does the Collegiate sanction the use
of a Celestial Hurricanum. These
orreries act as an aetheric vortex,
drawing in great torrents of arcane
energy. The Acolytes who operate
the Hurricanum can channel this
stored power into the terrifying
Storm of Shemtek, a magical squall
that devastates nearby foes with
forks of aetheric lightning and
blazing comets.

TAMING THE ARCANE
The realms were forever altered when Nagash,
Supreme Lord of the Undead, worked a terrible ritual
that inverted the magical energies of the Realm of
Death. The howling vortex known as the Shyish
Nadir was created at the centre of the realmsphere,
and it slowly began to draw the underworlds into its
gaping maw. With each afterlife so devoured, Nagash’s
power swelled.

This perversion of magical laws was dreadful enough,
but the carnage unleashed by the Nadir was not
restricted to Shyish. It caused a tidal wave of aetheric
magic to smash across the realms, throwing the
metaphysical bindings of the world into disarray.
Voracious, semi-sentient manifestations of raging
magic roared into life – skull-shaped fireballs the size
of steam tanks , vast disembodied jaws that devoured
all in their path and a thousand other disasters. Worse
still, enchantments and carefully woven warding spells
were shattered, secrets unearthed and once-mighty
arcane citadels reduced to scorched wastelands. This
era of rampant magic became known as the Arcanum
Optimar. It was a time of terrible danger – and, for the
wizards of the Collegiate, unrivalled opportunity.

Predatory spells caused untold damage in cities such
as Excelsis, Hammerhal Aqsha and the frozen port
of Izalend. The Living Inferno of Hallowheart very
nearly spelled that city’s doom, and countless frontier
settlements and fortresses were obliterated entirely.
Many wizards and masters of lore were lost in those
dark days, immolated in explosions of fire as they
attempted to work a simple enchantment or splintered
into atoms by a sudden roar of aetheric wind. Yet
even in such desperate times, there were intriguing

glimmers of potential. Some mages found themselves
able to channel extraordinary power, their most
minor spells transformed into city-levelling eruptions.
Certainly, most of these spellcasters were consumed by
the very magic they channelled, but there was clearly
a great untapped source of energy to be studied. More
intriguingly still, the Battlemages of Hallowheart
found a way to contain living spells, trapping them
inside voidstone amphorae warded by Azyrite runes.
These spells could then – with a not insignificant
element of danger – be unleashed upon one’s foes,
whereupon they would explode from their prisons
with terrible fury.

So it was that the Grandmasters of the Collegiate
established the Order of the Chained Flame, whom
the free peoples know by the more prosaic title of
the Spell Hunters. These grizzled mages specialise in
dispelling and unbinding rogue spells, having been
given licence to form their own retinues of magic-
hunting mercenaries. They are a common sight on the
streets of the free cities, their skin a canvas of burns
and scars, their packs and belts heavy with all manner
of arcane ephemera.

While the Spell Hunters go out in the field to tame
the deadliest wild magic, the Grandmasters lock
themselves in their eldritch laboratories, studying
and dissecting captured spells to examine their inner
workings. It is whispered that, as a result of their
experiments, the Collegiate has developed new and
terrible weapons of war: aetheric lance-cannons that
can be fired through the void to strike distant lands;
negastone arks that, when activated, drag all nearby
into their crushing embrace; and chronomantic orbs
that can slow the passage of time for the wielder.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Freeguilds

THE FREEGUILDS

They ready for war in their multitudes, the brave defenders of Sigmar’s cities. Though they are mere mortals,
without supernatural strength or magical power, they bravely set their steel against the monstrous and the
daemonic, trusting in their faith and in the glorious dream of the God-King’s realm-spanning empire.

Armed with nothing but their faith
and a length of trusty steel, the
warriors of the free peoples take to
battlefields dominated by monsters
and living gods. Standing side by
side in ranked formation, they set
their spears against the charge of
Chaos-warped abominations, blood-
drooling berserkers and hulking
orruk champions. As the blood flows
and the bodies fall, they roar their
battle cries and wave their battle
standards, defiant until the last.

Though it is the God-King’s
champions, the Stormcast Eternals,
who earn the greatest glory and
renown through their valorous
deeds, Sigmar’s empire is built on
the blood and sacrifice of millions of
humble humans, duardin and aelves.
These heroes wi l l not be remembered
by name, save for those engraved
upon scattered and time-worn
monuments, but they do not fight
for recognition. They fight to protect
their families, friends and way of life.

Soldiers of the Freeguild regiments
guard Sigmar’s great cities. Each
of these honourable companies
descends from the twelve great tribes
that returned to Azyr at the God-
King’s side during the dark days
of the Age of Chaos. All through
their long absence from the realms,
they maintained their traditions
of martial excellence, training
in mock battle and endless drill ,
preparing for the hour when they
would return to the wider realms to
make war upon the hated servants
of Chaos. The descendents of these
great tribes still bear their ancient
symbols: the Crowned Skull of
Penumbra, the Iron Bull of Tarsus,
the Sanguine Lady of Flames. Yet
no longer do their ranks consist
solely of Azyrite stock. The ruthless
mathematics of warfare in the
Mortal Realms require a constant
influx of new recruits, and so many
of the Reclaimed – those descended
from the few scattered nomadic
cultures that survived the Age of

Chaos – now wear the uniforms
of Freeguild soldiers. Though the
tension between blue-blooded
Azyrites and the Reclaimed still
simmers, the latter have more than
proved their worth by providing the
well-drilled Freeguild regiments
with invaluable regional knowledge
and aux i l iary specialisations.

Each of the free cities boasts at least
a handful of Freeguilds, organised
into distinct regiments under the
command of a Freeguild General.
The soldiers operate as both city
guard and standing army, often
developing their own unique fighting
style to fit their surroundings. In
some cities, each regiment maintains
its own unique traditions and
colours, while in other cities, they
operate as a more unified force under
the same banners and wearing the
same uniforms. In either case, the
tactics employed by the Freeguilds
differ from realm to realm. The
Blackshore Guard of Lethis, for
instance, carry blessed trinkets
and gewgaws to protect themselves
from the ethereal foes that haunt the
lands around them and fire musket
balls of enchanted silver marked
with sigils of banishment. The
Freeguilds of Greywater Fastness
are renowned as the finest gun
troops in the realms, while those of
Anvilgard are prized for their ability
to hack their way through the most
hostile environments.

The Freeguild Guard make fine
use of their greatest strength –
manpower. Even in the few short
generations since Sigmar returned to
the realms, the population of the free
cities has greatly expanded, having
been supplemented by the Reclaimed
and fresh colonists from Azyrheim.
When the regiments muster for war,
they do so in vast numbers, each
front-line company often comprising
scores of men and women, a blend
of grizzled veterans and fresh-eyed
greenhorns. Not all of these warriors
are wi l ling recruits – conscription

is a fact of life in Sigmar’s empire,
with every city district expected to
provide a tithe of fresh bodies each
campaign season. Stalwart career
soldiers stand beside noble sons and
low-born alley snipes. Yet the bonds
of comradeship quickly grow, and
whether they wear the finest plate
armour or are so poor that they have
neither a warm coat nor a pair of
sturdy boots to call their own, the
soldiers’ common humanity and
unwavering faith in the God-King
unites them and makes them a force
to be respected on the battlefield.

To lead his faithful warriors into the
furnace of battle, Sigmar demands
commanders of rare quality. Each
Freeguild General is a veteran of
countless battles, a master of strategy
and tactics who has studied the art of
war in one of the free cities’ famous
martial colleges. They wield their
armies like a master duellist wields
a blade, exploiting every weakness
in their opponent’s defence with
ruthless skill . Generals are often
granted the honour of riding into
battle upon a griffon, a winged
hunter of the Azyrite plains. With
claws like scimitars and a beak that
can peel iron, these mounts make
for loyal and deadly companions. Sat
astride such a beast, the Freeguild
General soars over the battlefield,
analysing the ebb and flow of
combat. If their presence is necessary
to shore up a wavering flank, the
General wi l l strike from the skies
like a comet. As the griffon bowls
over dozens of foes in a blur of fur,
blood and lashing talons, the warrior
atop it bellows a war cry and raises a
rune-marked weapon aloft to drive
their troops onward.

The Freeguild Guard are levies that
function as patrolling watchmen on
the streets of their home cities and as
a defensive anvil on the battlefield.
Their weaponry is as diverse as
the soldiers themselves. Spears,
swords and halberds are common
amongst the better-equipped units,

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
but hardscrabble regiments of
lesser renown often arm themselves
with anything they can get their
hands on. These so-called ‘militia
weapons’ can consist of clubs, blades,
bows and perhaps a scattering of
wheel-lock handguns. The role of
the Freeguild Guard in combat is
not a glamorous one. They must
absorb the greatest concentrations
of enemy strength, fighting side by
side with shields raised, even as their
comrades are smashed and carved
apart or immolated by streams of
sorcerous magic. Relying upon sheer
weight of numbers to break the foe’s
assault, the Guard strikes back with
spear and blade, fighting as a single
entity to bring down monstrous foes
many times their size.

While the Guard bravely make their
stand, formations of Handgunners
unleash a fearsome barrage of
musketry into the enemy ranks .
Blackpowder weaponry is a potent
asset for Sigmar’s armies, for even
the most towering, muscle-bound
Khornate savage can be put down
with a well-placed volley of lead shot.
The crossbow is another favoured
tool; Freeguild Crossbowmen are
often fielded in large bodies so that
when they loose their bolts, they

fill the sky with a deadly rain of
iron-tipped death.

The largest and strongest veteran
soldiers are chosen for the
Greatsword formations. Clad in
magnificent plate armour and
wielding zweihanders that can cleave
an orruk in two with one blow, these
warriors are the elite shock troops
of the Freeguild armies. They are
sent forth to carve openings in the
enemy line, a task they carry out
with ferocious zeal. Many battles
have been decided the instant that
the Greatswords bounded forward
to slice apart their foes, slaying with
grim smile on their faces and a song
upon their lips.

If the infantry formations of the
Freeguild regiments are the anvil
upon which the enemy breaks, then
its elite cavalry are the hammer that
strikes the crushing blow. Freeguild
Pistoliers and Outriders mounted
upon swift steeds constantly harry
the flanks of the enemy. The former
wield braces of pistols, long-barrelled
firearms that can be accurately fired
from horseback, even in the thick
of melee. They are well known for
their near-reckless courage, eagerly
patrolling the borders of their

home cities in the search for foes
against which to test their mettle.
Outriders are typically older, more
seasoned riders, trusted with long-
range reconnaissance and other
essential missions. They are the finest
marksmen in the cavalry regiments
and are armed with repeater
handguns, with one Outrider chosen
to wield a deadly grenade-launching
blunderbuss, firing explosive shells
that detonate in a flesh-shredding
storm of shrapnel.

The honour of delivering the fatal
blow to the heart of the enemy goes
to the Demigryph Knights. These are
the finest warriors of the free cities,
often noble-born scions descended
from the great Azyrite bloodlines,
raised in the saddle to master the
art of cavalry combat. Demigryph
mounts – sure-footed beasts native
to the great alpine mountain ranges
of Azyr – are as much a weapon
as the sigmarite-tipped lances and
greatblades that their riders wield.
When these fearless beasts strike
home a charge, they leap high over
the enemy’s reaching spears, crashing
down amongst their prey in a frenzy
of slaughter, ripping with their
hooked beaks and tearing with their
dagger-sized claws.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Dispossessed

THE DISPOSSESSED

The duardin of the Dispossessed are the remnants of proud empires shattered during the Age of Chaos. By their
hand are many of the God-King’s sturdiest edifices and fortifications raised, though they are more than mere
builders – when battle calls, they march towards it without fear, clad from head to toe in shining gromril.

During the Age of Myth, many
Khazalid empires rose across
the Eight Realms, built into the
heart of vast mountain ranges and
subterranean caverns. Ruled by
proud worshippers of the smith-god
Grungni, these hardy folk mastered
the arts of blacksmithing and
masonry, constructing magnificent
underground holds that glittered
with gems, gold and impervious
gromril iron. Yet, as formidable as
these strongholds were, they could
not keep at bay the fu l l fury of the
Dark Gods’ daemonic legions. The
Age of Chaos laid waste to almost

all of the great duardin civilisations.
A few ragged survivors abandoned
their overrun homelands and,
guided by their wise Warden Kings,
fled with the God-King Sigmar to the
safety of Azyr.

Calling themselves the Dispossessed
in memory of their fallen holds,
these duardin did not give in to
despair or nihilism. Instead, they
carefully maintained the practices
of smithcraft and rune-shaping that
had long been the source of their
power, turning their expertise to the
benefit of Sigmar’s grand vision of

reconquering the realms. When a
new free city is constructed, it is the
Dispossessed who decide upon the
most efficient and defensible layout
for the city’s fortifications, and it is
they who lay the first rune-marked
stones. Yet they are not solely tasked
with defence and consolidation;
when an enemy fortress proves
impervious to massed attacks, or a
particularly stubborn infestation of
skaven or grots is found beneath the
earth , it is the Dispossessed who are
called upon.

As well as being accustomed to
fighting in the cramped confines
of a dark tunnel, these duardin are
experts in siegecraft, as skilled at
bringing down stout walls as they are
at erecting them. Even the youngest
beardling knows how to swing an
axe or hammer, and the enchanted
gromril armour that Dispossessed
Ironbreakers and Hammerers wear
into battle shrugs off all but the
deadliest of blows.

Over centuries of battle and hard
labour, veteran tunnel-fighters
grow stark white beards that signify
their age and prestige. Tough as
old nails, these dour duardin are
known as Longbeards and are as
famed for their martial ski l l as they
are for their incessant grumbling.
Other old hands join the ranks
of the Irondrakes and wield
flame-spitting cannons.

The Dispossessed are typically
led to war by their Warden Kings.
Wise and ancient beings, these
duardin rulers have seen it all over
the course of their long lives –
and they have come away largely
unimpressed. They seek out the
mightiest foes against which to
test their heirloom hammers,
fighting savagery with grim steel.
Meanwhile, the custodians of
duardin lore known as Runelords
utilise their strange mastery of
runecraft to dampen and dispel
enemy magic.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Ironweld Arsenal

THE IRONWELD ARSENAL

The lords of the Ironweld Arsenal are the techno-arcane engineers of Sigmar’s empire, masters of strange cogwork
war machines and blackpowder weaponry. In battle, they use their devastating inventions to lay waste to the
enemies of Order, leaving behind nothing but smoking ash and melted metal.

Formed in the aftermath of Sigmar’s
retreat to Azyr, the Ironweld Arsenal
is a conglomeration of human and
duardin weaponsmiths who are
responsible for creating some of the
most bizarre and deadly machines
ever fashioned by mortalkind . The
cogwork factories of Azyrheim
have produced all manner of k i l l ing
machines: gear-driven gunwalkers,
steam-powered art i l lery trains and
repeating cannons that can spit a
hundred lethal rounds of super-
heated metal in the blink of an eye.

It is the Cogsmiths who are
responsible for the majority of these
devices. Tinkerers and combat
engineers without peer, these figures
– whether human or duardin –
delight in taking to the battlefield
to watch their war machines in
action, making the necessary repairs
in the event of inevitable wear and
tear. Any foe that interrupts their
inspections tends to meet a messy
end at the barrel of a shotgun.

Art i l lery weapons are particularly
prized by the Ironweld Arsenal,
for the ability to cause massive
carnage from a safe range is of prime
importance in realms populated
by slavering, razor-clawed horrors
and axe-swinging orruk barbarians.
The Helblaster Volley Gun is a
many-barrelled blackpowder
weapon, capable of unleashing a
truly terrifying hail of bullets into
charging foes and often used in
conjunction with a Helstorm Rocket
Battery. While the Helblaster mows
down charging foes, the Helstorm
rains explosive missiles upon distant
targets, blasting great chunks out
of the earth and sending maimed
enemy soldiers spinning through
the air.

Of course, one cannot win a
battle with long-range firepower
alone. When the need arises for a
hammer blow to smash the enemy
asunder, flights of Gyrocopters and
Gyrobombers are the perfect tools

for the task. These steam-powered
aircraft roar over the heads of
the enemy, dropping bombs and
unleashing flesh-melting jets of
steam and fire. Few armies can stand
such a devastating onslaught from
on high.

Just as the destruction seems to have
reached its peak, the masters of the
Ironweld unleash their Steam Tanks.
Formidable fusions of human and
duardin technology, these rattling,
smoke-spewing monstrosities of
burnished metal rumble towards the
enemy, the sound of their motion

as they roll across the earth almost
as deafening as the thunderous
crescendo of their heavy cannons.
As the enemy fruitlessly attempts
to cleave through the Steam Tank’s
thickly plated hull, the contraption
simply grinds over them, crushing
them to a bloody paste beneath
its immense weight. The tank’s
commander can even send their steel
mount into overdrive by increasing
the pressure of its steam engine,
thereby boosting its speed or the
power of its guns – though doing so
risks a catastrophic explosion as the
metal buckles and overheats.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Darkling Covens

DARKLING COVENS

The Darkling Covens are secretive orders of aelf spellcasters who practise the darkest sorceries. Allied with the
armies of Azyr solely to further their own ends and to bring about the reformation of their Stygian empires, they
bring their dark and terrible arts to bear against the enemies of Order.

When the armies of the Dark Gods
invaded the lands of Ulgu, the Realm
of Shadow, they laid waste to many
proud aelven empires. Countless
powerful sorceresses and wizard-
queens were driven back to the safety
of Azyrheim, forced to abandon
all they owned in their desperate
flight. Upon arrival in the Eternal
City of Azyrheim, these shadowy
spellcasters remained apart from
their fellow refugees. Insular by
nature, they were unwilling to share
their accumulated knowledge and

expertise with the wizards of the
aelven conclaves or the Collegiate
Arcane. Instead, they formed
their own cults and hidden orders.
Collectively, these would become
known as the Darkling Covens.

During the long centuries in which
they dwelt within Azyr, the Covens
were careful to avoid the attentions
of Sigmar’s Witch Hunters and his
assassins, the Shadowblades. They
still practised their rituals of sorcery
and enchantment, but they did so

beneath layers of misdirection and
illusion, all the while subtly seeding
their influence into the workings of
the Eternal City. Whether human
Freeguild soldier, duardin clan
chief or aelven ranger, none were
immune to the bewitching spells of
the Sorceresses. To this day, the spy
networks of the Darkling Covens
are some of the finest and most
widespread in the Eight Realms.
Many a Lord Protector or High
Arbiter secretly enacts the desires of
the Covens, their mind shackled by
dark enchantments.

Having joined Sigmar’s great
crusade against Chaos – or at
least encouraged this perception
amongst their allies – the Darkling
Covens have established their own
strongholds across the Mortal
Realms and gathered thousands
of warriors to their cause. While
their agents weave webs of intrigue
within the free cities, the armies of
the Covens march into battle against
greenskin warclans, Chaos hosts
and other savage foes. No offensive
is launched by the Covens without a
specific goal that benefits their quest
for power, be this the reclamation
of arcane treasures from the Age
of Myth, the disposal of a potential
threat or the gathering of allies of
convenience. Indeed, many Darkling
Covens have found common cause
with the Idoneth Deepkin, even
surreptitiously providing the sea-
dwelling aelves with shipments of
rich souls in exchange for promises
of aid in the future.

A single Sorceress rules each of the
Covens, though there are several
underlings and major-domos. Cold-
hearted masters of shadow magic
possessed of depthless malice and
cruel ambition, Sorceresses rarely
deign to take to the battlefield,
preferring to weave their webs of
intrigue behind the scenes. When
they do go to war, however, the
consequences for their foes are grave
indeed. They wield magic with a

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ski l l born of generations of study,
summoning witchfires and bolts
of eldritch energy to wither their
foes to dust. Such is their mastery
of esoteric lore that they can even
intone blasphemous words of pain
– phrases in long-forgotten tongues
that, when heard, cause wracking
waves of agony to course through
the unfortunate victim. Never
cursed with the inconvenience of
a conscience, Sorceresses will , if
the situation calls for it, ritually
slaughter their own warriors in order
to fuel their spells.

Many Sorceresses maintain close
ties with the Order Serpentis, the
dragon-riding aelven knights.
This alliance was first forged
during the Age of Myth, when the
Sorceresses aided the Order in the
creation of the first Black Dragons.
Some Sorceresses even ride these
exceedingly rare and lethal beasts
into battle, hurling sorcerous
bombardments from the back of
their draconic monster as it attacks
the foe with raking claws and gouts
of toxic fumes expelled from its
serpentine jaws.

Though they have a retinue of
major-domos and generals to
take care of matters beneath their
concern, Sorceresses have absolute
power over their Covens. Such is
their dark charisma that they can
field entire regiments of dominated
soldiers, ensorcelled aelves who
wi l l throw away their lives without
hesitation to protect their mistress.
Dreadspears form the spine of most
Darkling Coven armies. They are the
wall upon which the enemy breaks,
hardened veterans who fight in tight
phalanxes, inviting the enemy onto
their gleaming spear tips.

While the Dreadspear line holds fast
and unmoving, units of Bleakswords
march forth to slice their way
through the enemy ranks . Wielding
perfectly balanced Darkling swords,
these expert duellists weave a
blurring pattern of cold steel, finding
a way past shields and armoured
chestplates to skewer vital organs.
Utterly devoted to their mistress,
the Bleakswords wi l l spill torrents
of blood to earn her favour and risk
their lives in seemingly desperate

assaults for the merest glance of
recognition – an honour they wi l l
never receive.

Darkshards are the deadly ranged
units of the Darkling Covens.
Armed with fast-shooting repeater
crossbows, they fill the skies with
thick clouds of missiles that rain
down upon the enemy. Darkshards
are fair shots, but they are trained to
focus on speed over accuracy. They
riddle their targets with iron-tipped
bolts, viciously barbed to ensure
they cannot be removed without
tearing apart the victim’s flesh in
the process.

The honour of protecting the
Sorceress goes to the Black Guard,
the most skilled and ruthless
warriors of the Coven. Unlike
the majority of their kin, these
champions are not mind-leashed
through sorcery. Instead, they are
raised from birth to ensure absolute
loyalty and given a measure of
autonomy to anticipate and react to
any potential threats to the Sorceress
with swift and merciless judgement.
Their upbringing is harsh, with
constant dri l l and deadly gladiatorial
training against captured monsters
and thra l ls .

Very few of those chosen for this
duty survive to earn their black
helm, but those who do are masters
of a variety of ancient martial
forms and are clad in the finest
arms and armour. The Black Guard
are peerless killers. Their weapon
of choice is the ebon halberd.
Crafted from cursed shadowsteel,
a substance as light as parchment
and as sharp as a Black Dragon’s
fangs, these polearms can be
wielded in one hand or two, set
against an opponent’s charge or
swept in graceful arcs to decapitate
and dismember.

Members of the Black Guard are
amongst the few souls that the
rulers of the Covens trust. Though
they are expected to march without
hesitation into the most nightmarish
battles and test their ski l l against the
most horrendous abominations the
realms can offer, they are rewarded
well for their efforts. When not
k i l l ing on behalf of their leaders,

they are granted the finest luxuries
and, after centuries of service,
many ascend to positions of great
power within the Covens: castellans
of the cults’ lairs, masters of the
spies and assassins or envoys to the
lesser races.

Most mysterious of all the Covens’
warriors are the Executioners. Skull-
masked warriors wielding two-
handed blades known as draichs,
these aelves have devoted themselves
entirely to the art of slaughter. Some
say that they worship the aelf god
Khaine, Lord of Murder, but the
Executioners do not speak of their
faith – indeed, they seldom speak
at all – to those outside their order.
They simply kill , gracefully and
relentlessly, severing heads with
every swing of their blades.

Even the Sorceresses are unnerved
by the single-minded devastation
that the Executioners revel in and
the harsh bursts of laughter that can
be heard beneath the smiling grilles
of their war masks as they lop off
heads and limbs. When they are not
on the field of battle, Executioners
reside in isolated towers and
fortresses far outside the boundaries
of society. None but those who wear
the mask are allowed inside the walls
of these strongholds, but those who
pass beneath their foreboding walls
can hear the hideous screams of
captives echoing from within .

It is not known exactly why the
Executioners fight on behalf of the
Covens, for they do not appear to be
bound in service to the Sorceresses.
Some posit that the Covenmasters
provide the masked beings with
sacrifices for their fell rituals.
Others claim that, beneath their
masks, the Executioners are in fact
hybrids of aelf and Shadowkin –
cursed by-products of the Covens’
dark experiments, condemned to
an existence of constant pain that
can only be alleviated by the act of
killing . Whatever the truth, none
who have faced these mysterious
warriors on the battlefield ever
wish to repeat the experience; the
Executioners’ swords seem to seek
out necks to cleave with uncanny
accuracy until they are fighting upon
a carpet of severed heads.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Scourge Privateers

SCOURGE PRIVATEERS

Ruthless masters of the seas, the Scourge Privateers are the inheritors of a proud naval heritage. Their ancestors
once ruled with an iron fist over vast, ocean-spanning empires. Now they earn their living as monster hunters and
coastal raiders for the God-King’s armies, though they still have grand ambitions of conquest.

For generations, aelven pirates of the
Scourge have travelled the waterways
of the realms, hunting the mighty
sea monsters that lurk beneath
the surface. Those monstrosities
that offer good sport are dragged
back to the free ports to be sold to
pitmasters or curious wizards for a
rich haul. Others are slain by blade,
bow or harpoon, stripped of valuable
materials and dumped overboard to
be devoured in the feeding frenzies
of the deep ocean.

Aside from their mercantile exploits,
the Fleetmasters of the Scourge
are ambitious beings who chafe
under the command of Sigmar’s
lieutenants. They crave their own
power, and many disavow the rules
of the God-King’s new empire in
order to pursue their own ends. Their
Black Arks are immense, floating
fortress-cities built on the shells and
hides of living behemoths of the

oceans. Their interiors are forbidden
to any but the warriors of the
Scourge and their luckless prisoners;
though slavery is outlawed under
Azyrite decree, there are loopholes
that the Fleetmasters are quick to
exploit. When they raid, these Black
Ark Fleetmasters take to their own
vessels – swift-moving frigates and
wolfships that carve through the
waves like a blade through flesh.

Black Ark Fleetmasters are
flamboyant figures, often clad
in drakeskin cloaks and vibrant
silks. Each is a graceful master of
the blade, well used to fighting on
slick, treacherous surfaces. They
are infamously ruthless and cruel-
hearted, and they take great joy in
slicing their foes apart piece by piece.

Black Ark Corsairs are the hardened
crew members of Scourge wolfships.
Whether fighting on the high seas or

on coastal raids, they are seasoned
sword-fighters who have spent their
entire lives k i l l ing and plundering.
They use their sea-drake cloaks
as tools in battle, intercepting
enemy blades and missiles on the
toughened hide before delivering
a fatal riposte. On land, Corsairs
are supported by Scourgerunner
Chariots. These swift war machines
are designed to outmanoeuvre and
corral lumbering land monsters
while their aelven riders hurl volleys
of barbed harpoons.

Should the enemy truly stoke the
wrath of the Scourge, the black-
hearted aelves wi l l unleash their
most ferocious weapons; dragged
up from the darkest trenches of the
deep sea, the monsters known as
Kharibdysses are driven into battle
by grim-faced handlers, where their
multiple many-fanged heads wreak
terrible carnage.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Shadowblades

SHADOWBLADES

The enemies of Order whisper of the legendary Shadowblades in terror. Moving like wisps of shadow, these
peerless Assassins can breach any castle, dance past any lethal trap and evade the most watchful guardians in
order to sink a dagger into the heart of their target.

The art of assassination is usually
associated with thugs and criminals
in the eyes of humans and
duardin, who typically scorn such
underhanded methods. Aelves see
things quite differently. As far as
they are concerned, there is purity in
the act of taking a single life in order
to save others. The greatest aelven
lifetakers are the Shadowblades,
mysterious adherents of an ancient
cult dedicated to purging the
enemies of Azyr.

Very little is known about the origins
of the Shadowblades or the exact
nature of their secretive order. There
are many rumours, none of which
have been confirmed. Some say that
they worship a dead god of umbral
might, while others claim that
they wield the powers of the Great
Void, the vast nothingness that lies
between the realms. Only one thing
is known to be true: if a sorcerous
black mark in the shape of a curved
blade appears on a person’s flesh, that
unfortunate soul has been marked
for death. To take flight is futile, and
attempts to resist merely prolong the
inevitable. It may take hours, days
or even years, but the Shadowblades
always find their target in the end.
Chaos Lords, orruk Megabosses,
undead tyrants and even traitorous
Freeguild Generals – all have met a
swift and bloody fate at the end of a
Shadowblade Assassin’s dagger.

The Shadowblades were first
deployed en masse by Sigmar in
the aftermath of his retreat to the
Eternal City, where they were tasked
with purging those inhabitants of
Azyrheim who showed signs of
Chaos corruption. It was a task they
carried out with merciless efficiency.
Over the course of a bloody century
of murders and disappearances,
any semblance of corruption was
ruthlessly eradicated from Azyr.
Tales of those dark days are still told
in Sigmar’s free cities, whispered
grimly over campfires and in dank,
half-lit taverns.

True masters of death, the
Shadowblades are able to summon
wisps of blackest night with which
to mask their faces and conceal their
movements. They strike when their
enemies least expect it, slashing
throats and puncturing hearts,
before dancing gracefully out of
reach and allowing their deadly
poisons to finish the task.

Should the enemy flee, the Assassins
wi l l send forth their Dark Riders –
aelven killers mounted upon swift
steeds from the Realm of Shadow.
Few enemies can outrun these
relentless, red-eyed nightmares
or the pinpoint volleys of bolts
spat forth by the Riders’ repeater
crossbows. The mark is soon run
down, spitted by a barbed spear or
trampled beneath obsidian hooves.
On occasion, Dark Riders fight
alongside the military forces of
a free city. They terrorise enemy
encampments and patrols, appearing

from the shadows to slaughter at wi l l
and disappearing before their foes
can react.

Not all who study the art of k i l l ing
hunt alone. Shadow Warriors are
aelves who have been inducted
into the strange rituals of the
Shadowblades and trained in the
black arts of guerrilla warfare and
ambush. Despite being notoriously
insular and secretive, the Shadow
Warriors act as scouts and
skirmishers for many of Sigmar’s free
cities – though their fellow citizens
find the grim aelves to be unsettling
allies. It is said that their ranks
are composed of those who lost
everything they once held dear to the
depredations of evil and that they
can now only find peace through
inflicting pain and death upon their
foes. Striking from the shadows, they
riddle their enemies with arrows
before rushing from cover to finish
them off with cruel blades.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Phoenix Temple

THE PHOENIX TEMPLE

Many aelves worship the Ur-Phoenix, for in its cycle of death and rebirth they see a symbol of hope for their fading
race. Warriors of the Phoenix Temple are reborn as silent seekers of revenge, grim-faced revenants who scour the
taint of Chaos from the land with frost and flame.

These warriors have fought the
servants of Chaos and other grave
threats for centuries. Travelling to
the Pyre of the Phoenix in Hysh,
a crystallised valley filled with the
godbeast’s smouldering ashes, they
meditated for many years, glimpsing
echoes of the Ur-Phoenix’s numerous
resurrections and fractured images
that revealed the destiny of the
aelven race. Carry ing the blessing

of their deity, these enlightened
champions fight with fearsome
intensity and inspire all those who
look upon them. Many go to war
upon Flamespyre or Frostheart
Phoenix mounts. Imbued with their
progenitor’s powerful magic, the
spawn of the Ur-Phoenix blaze with
radiant auras of fire and ice that
devastate those beneath them as they
sweep overhead.

The Phoenix Temple is a warrior
conclave dedicated to the Ur-
Phoenix, a magical godbeast
symbolising fire and rebirth. Its
warriors are aelves who have been
reborn in sacred flames and now
fight with a new and terrible focus.
In battle, they do not utter a word,
instead fighting in total silence.
As they carve apart their foes with
graceful sweeps of their gleaming
halberds, the skies overhead are lit by
trails of burning embers and shards
of glittering ice; descending from
above, the Phoenixes lay waste to the
servants of Chaos.

To be allowed within the hallowed
halls of the Phoenix Temple, an
aelf must have sacrificed their
mind and body in the great battle
against Chaos. Scarred, broken and
traumatised beyond the capacity for
speech, these fallen heroes are borne
by robed priests to the sacred pyres,
raised as shrines to the Ur-Phoenix.
In a ceremony that can last for
many days, a dying Phoenix – one
of the godbeast’s rare and mystical
offspring – wraps its wings around
the supplicant. Both beings are
engulfed by elemental magic and as
one are reborn, restored in mind,
body and spirit.

There is a price to pay for this
serenity. The aelf must join the
ranks of the Phoenix Guard, a
revenant band of warrior-champions
who fight to preserve the flame
of the Ur-Phoenix and to banish
the corruption of Chaos from the
realms. Clad in gleaming golden
armour and wielding enchanted
halberds, these warriors march
across the most hellish battlefields
in the realms, enduring that which
others could not face. They slay in
total silence, accepting death and
injury with stoic resolve – freed from
mortal fears, the Phoenix Guard
trust in their new-found destiny
as defenders of the pure and the
righteous. The commanders of the
Guard are known as the Anointed.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Wanderers

THE WANDERERS

Moving like shadows through the wild woodlands of the realms, the Wanderers seek to regenerate the lands
beyond Azyr by restoring the ancient ley lines that link them. Those who stand in the way of this goal are swiftly
dispatched with blade, bow and spell.

The Wanderers have always been
staunch enemies of Chaos. Once,
they served as the guardians of
Ghyran, the Realm of Life, and dwelt
in great canopy-cities deep within
its continent-sized forests. When
the Age of Chaos dawned and war
came to the Eight Realms, these
aelven warriors fought as hard as
any to stem the tide of darkness. But
there could be no triumph against
the infinite legions of the Dark
Gods. One by one, the great forest
sanctuaries were burned to ashes
or overcome by the diseases of the
Plague God Nurgle.

With heavy hearts, the forest rulers
abandoned their ancient glades and
forest kingdoms and retreated to
Azyr alongside Sigmar the God-
King. They became the Wanderers
– a nomadic people with no
homeland to call their own, fighting
for a world they had already lost.
Neither Alarielle the Everqueen nor
her Sylvaneth warriors would ever
forgive their flight from Ghyran,
and the Wanderers would forever be
denied a place at their deity’s side.

Nonetheless, the Wanderers
continue to fight, for they still
cherish the magic of life. They follow
the light of Sigendil as it filters out
from Azyr, seeking the broken trails
of ancient ley lines and restoring
them with waystones, strange
arcane artefacts created during the
formation of the Mortal Realms.
In this way, they seek to soothe the
tormented wilds and erase the taint
of Chaos from the earth .

The Nomad Princes – descendents
of the kings and queens of old – lead
this sacred task, guiding the arrows
and spears of their kinfolk with
uncanny precision. The Eternal
Guard form an impenetrable wall of
wood and iron around their liege,
calling on the very roots of the
earth to create a fortress of boughs.
Wildwood Rangers have dedicated
their lives to hunting the monstrous

beasts that roam the forests of
Ghyran. Wielding two-handed
draichs, they dart gracefully into
battle, ducking the clumsy swings
of their foes before slicing them
apart. The elite Sisters of the Watch,
sentinels of the sacred ley lines,
loose volleys of blazing eldritch
arrows, piercing hearts and eyes
with breathtaking accuracy. Those
enemies who try to flee this deadly
barrage are cut down by Wild Riders,
swift-moving cavalry mounted

upon fleet stag-beasts. With the
enemy engaged and surrounded,
the Wanderers then call upon the
forest itself to aid them. The Sisters
of the Thorn summon barbed thorns
to shield their brethren from harm
while hurling barbed blackbriar
javelins with deadly accuracy and
summoning gouts of greenflame to
slay their foes. When the corpses of
the enemy litter the forest floor, the
Wanderers fade once more into the
shadows of the Wyldwoods.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Order Serpentis

THE ORDER SERPENTIS

The black knights of the Order Serpentis seek out the most vile and cruel-hearted beasts of the realms, leashing
these savage creatures to their will and riding to battle upon their backs. Malicious and quick to anger, they are
not so much allies of the God-King’s armies as weapons of utter destruction to be unleashed upon the foe.

The origins of the Order Serpentis
date back to the days of the Age of
Myth. The Order once ruled over the
empire of Narkath in Ulgu, a mist-
shrouded land of boiling acid lakes
and perpetual black rain dominated
by claw-shaped castles of black
iron. Though they offered tribute
to Sigmar’s pantheon, the aelves of
Narkath saw the laws of Azyr as little
more than the hypocritical creed of

weaklings. They practised slavery,
sacrifice and other vile deeds, and
they sought any excuse to make war
upon their neighbours. In those
days, every knight of the Order
Serpentis rode to battle upon a Black
Dragon, a creature of malicious
temperament and predatory intellect.
The sight of these great drakes
soaring out of the storm-wracked
skies, eyes glowing like green

coals, was enough to strike terror
into any opposing army. Though
the actions of the Narkathians
caused much consternation in
High Azyr, Malerion the Shadow
King, a member of the Pantheon
of Order, protected them from
censure, considering them an asset
of great value.

For all its dark glory, the empire of
Narkath would crumble in the span
of mere decades. Even shadowy and
impenetrable Ulgu was not safe
from the depredations of the Age of
Chaos; though the Order Serpentis
obliterated many of the armies of
daemons that poured through the
mountain passes of their homeland
in a numberless tide, they could
not slay them all . Most of the Order
fell in battle, refusing in their
boundless pride to even consider
abandoning Narkath to the enemy.
More practical-minded members
of the Order Serpentis decided that
they would rather suffer indignity
than annihilation. They fled to
Azyr, seeking refuge in the Realm of
Heavens alongside the worshippers
of the God-King. There they dwelt
all through the darkness of the Age
of Chaos, brooding upon their defeat
and readying what remained of
their armies for Sigmar’s great war
of vengeance.

So many Black Dragons were
slain during the fall of Narkath
that only the Order’s Dreadlords
are now permitted to ride them.
These ancient masters of war are
consumed with bitterness and
rage for all they have lost, and they
delight in inflicting terrible suffering
upon those whom they believe
have wronged them. Such is their
ferocity that even the commanders
of the God-King’s armies are wary
of unleashing the Black Dragon
riders – only when the enemy must
be utterly wiped from the face of
the realms are they sent forth to do
their bloody work. A Dreadlord is
a master of the skies, so attuned to

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
their mount that they can perform
seemingly impossible feats in mid-
air, thrusting out their Lance of
Spite to impale foes tossed skyward
by the Black Dragon’s powerful
forelimbs or twisting in their saddle
to decapitate a passing opponent.
Instead of a lance, many Dreadlords
bear an Exile Blade, one of the great
heirloom swords recovered from
the doom of Narkath. Forged from
meteoric iron, these blades can
carve through gromril with a single
stroke. They are often wielded in
pairs but can be combined with an
ensorcelled Tyrant Shield to fend off
incoming strikes .

Of course, a Dreadlord’s greatest
weapon is the vile creature beneath
him. These serpentine horrors are
the last of the ancient Narkathian
dragons, hatched from eggs suffused
with dark magic and submerged in
the blood of tortured victims. While
these rituals imbued newborn Black
Dragons with great strength and
resilience, they also cursed them
with an insatiable lust for death and
torment. The relationship between
Dreadlord and Black Dragon is
not one of master and beast; it is
a symbiotic relationship between
two ice-hearted killers. If its rider
provides it with victims to slay and
flesh to devour, the Black Dragon
wi l l gladly suffer the indignity of
bearing them into battle. Delighting
in the opportunity to slaughter at
will , Black Dragons shred their prey
with razor-sharp claws or spew forth
great clouds of noxious gas that fill
enemy lungs with bubbling blood.

The fell reputation of the Dreadlords
precedes them, and none know the
cruelty of these tyrants better than
those who fight under their banners.
There are tales of Dreadlords flaying
alive those who have failed them in
battle or feeding the unfortunate
souls to their serpentine mounts.
Warriors of the Order would rather
die on the edge of a foe’s blade
than flee from the field and risk a
gruesome end at the tender mercies
of their master.

Since Black Dragons are too scarce
to form the backbone of an Order
Serpentis army, the Dreadlords have
been forced to find new mounts

for their subordinates. Utilising
the foulest magics, the masters
of the Order breed all manner of
monstrosities within their draconic
hatcheries. The most common
of these are the Drakespawn,
reptilian steeds that carry the
majority of the Order’s knights
into battle. As foul-tempered and
cruel as the great drakes from
which they were spawned, these
creatures nevertheless make for
deadly mounts. They are capable of
bounding over even the roughest
terrain with ease, allowing them
to outflank the most cannily
positioned armies. The reptilian
beasts then dash towards their
prey at a blistering speed; at the
last moment, their riders lower and
brace their barbed lances before
carv ing through the enemy using
the force of their momentum.
Unlike many heavy cavalry units, a
Drakespawn Knight’s effectiveness is
not diminished once they are locked
in close combat – the razor-sharp
claws and talons of their steed take a
terrible toll on nearby foes, opening
bellies and tearing out throats until
its scales are doused in gore.

Where the enemy line is at its
thickest, Drakespawn Chariots are
dispatched to force a breakthrough.
Hauled by the same vicious creatures
that the knights of the Order
Serpentis ride to battle, these war
machines are armed with great
scyth ing blades. As the chariot
thunders across the ground, these
blades bisect any foes not slain by
the spears of its aelven charioteers or
cut down by well-placed bolts from
repeater crossbows.

Greatest of all the abominations
spawned by the experiments
of the Order Serpentis are the
monstrosities known as War Hydras.
Driven forward by the lashes of
scarred handlers, these creatures
are imprecise but devastating living
weapons. They are horrifying to
behold in battle as they rampage
among the enemy ranks , their
fanged jaws snapping out to devour
unfortunate victims whole. Their
reptilian maws are even capable of
breathing gouts of flesh-melting
flame. Worse still for their intended
prey, it is almost impossible to slay a

Hydra. Their draconic blood boiling
with strange, sorcerous power, the
creatures regenerate wounds and
hacked-off heads at a terrifying rate.
It is said that the only way to truly
destroy a War Hydra is to burn every
last scrap of its flesh and drop of
its blood – otherwise it wi l l simply
reconstitute itself, hungrier and
more ferocious than ever.

‘Speak to me thus aga in, v i l leth,
and I will
tear out your eyes.
You sought
the destruct ion of
your enemies, did you not? Then
look upon the burn ing waste land
my arm ies leave beh ind, and do
not bleat at me like some witless
ch i ld . Th is is how the Order
Serpent is makes war. Now get
out of my way.’

- Dreadlord Vulmir of Fang Pass,
after the Great
Infamy at
Desolate Wood

While the Dreadlords of the Order
Serpentis are driven by a burning
desire to inflict death and agony on
all worshippers of the Dark Gods,
they are also motivated by ambition.
They see the God-King’s crusade as
the best way to regain all that they
have lost, and they intend to bide
their time until they can rise to their
former glory. Serpentis hunting
parties roam across the realms,
seeking great beasts and reptilian
horrors to drag back to the Order’s
hatcheries and breeding pits, where
they wi l l be remade in the image
of the Black Dragons of old. The
Dreadlords also wield great influence
in many free cities, including harsh
and gloomy Anvilgard, where
they have formed a profitable and
powerful underground connection
with the Darkling Covens in order to
pull the strings of government. The
Tower of Nar Kavas in Athanasia
and the obsidian citadels of the Isle
of Exiles have both been claimed by
the Order as forward strongholds
from which to launch fresh assaults
upon the armies of Chaos. The
power of the Order Serpentis is
slowly expanding, one slaughtered
foe at a time.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Arrayed in gleaming ranks before the golden walls of their home city, the armies of Hammerhal
ready for battle against the enemies of the God-King.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE FREE PEOPLES

THE FREE PEOPLES

Each of Sigmar’s great cities bears its own proud heraldry and traditional colours, which are worn by the warriors
that fight in its name. The sight of such a host marching to battle, standards fluttering and spear tips gleaming in
the sun, is enough to fill any opponent with deep foreboding.

The armies of the Living City make war upon any who would despoil their woodland home. Aelves, humans and
Sylvaneth alike take up arms together in the name of the Everqueen and the God-King Sigmar.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Striking from the depths of the forest without a moment’s warning, a Nomad Prince of the Living City and his warriors
seek to spill the rancid blood of their hated foes, the Putrid Blightkings of Nurgle.

The ironoak sigil of the Living City
contains the comet of Sigmar and the
symbol of Ghyran united as one.

Hammerer of the Living
City

Wildwood Ranger of
the Living City

Nomad Prince of the
Living City

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Freeguild Guard of
Hallowheart

Ironbreaker of
Hallowheart

Battlemage of
Hallowheart

The burning gem of Hallowheart
symbolises the city’s mineral wealth
and magical heritage.

Soldiers of Hallowheart have matched their blades against the sorcerous minions of Tzeentch on many occasions, for the
Changer of the Ways has long desired to see their city burn.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Celestial Hurricanum

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Phoenicium is the greatest stronghold of the Phoenix Temple in the Mortal Realms. Its silent Phoenix Guard are
revenants of vengeance who live to slay the minions of the Dark Gods, such as the verminous skaven.

Phoenix Guard of the
Phoenicium

Freeguild Guard of the
Phoenicium

Irondrake of the
Phoenicium

Heraldry of the Phoenicium often
features the fiery shrines of the
Phoenix Temple, a symbol of rebirth.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The angular iconography of
Greywater Fastness hints at the city’s
utilitarian and industrial nature.

Freeguild Handgunner
of Greywater Fastness

Longbeard of
Greywater Fastness

Wildwood Ranger of
Greywater Fastness

Ironweld Cogsmiths are a common sight in the armies of Greywater Fastness, tuning and tinkering with war machines to
further increase their killing power.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The sigil of Tempest’s Eye features
the great tower of Castle Regal,
Stormkeep of the Tempest Lords.

Shadow Warrior of
Tempest’s Eye

Hammerer of
Tempest’s Eye

Freeguild Guard of
Tempest’s Eye

The silent killers known as Shadow Warriors are a key component of the armies of Tempest’s Eye. They work in tandem
with the Stormcast warriors of the Tempest Lords to outmanoeuvre and destroy the city’s many enemies.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The deadly black kraken is the
heraldric creature of Anvilgard,
befitting the city’s grim reputation.

Ironbreaker of
Anvilgard

Bleaksword of
Anvilgard

Flagellant of Anvilgard

Anvilgard musters to fend off a Nighthaunt invasion, unleashing two monstrous Kharibdysses against the spectral fiends.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Pride of Hammerhal

PRIDE OF HAMMERHAL

The armies of the Cities of Sigmar are resplendent to behold, filled with rank upon rank of uniformed soldiers
of various races and martial backgrounds, from humble human warriors to the imposing champions of the
Stormcast Eternals. Below you will find an example of how such a formidable force can be assembled.

Collecting a Cities of Sigmar army
can be incredibly rewarding because
of the massive variety of different
units to choose from. There are
several ways you can go about
assembling your collection. You
might pick models that appeal to you
from a visual perspective, or perhaps
you might build around units that
suit your favoured play style. There’s
no right or wrong way to go about
collecting your army, so go with
whatever method seems best to you!

The force presented below is an army
of Hammerhal, greatest of Sigmar’s

free cities. Built around a core of
Freeguild troops, including deadly
Greatswords, we have also added a
number of Ironweld war machines
and Dispossessed units to provide
some lethal firepower – such as a
deadly Steam Tank to smash its way
through the enemy line.

Our warlord is a Freeguild General
on Griffon, an imposing model that
provides a fine centrepiece for our
collection. He is ably supported by
some formidable Stormcast allies,
including a Lord-Arcanum mounted
atop a Gryph-charger.

1. Lord-Arcanum on Gryph-charger
2. Freeguild General on Griffon
3. Demigryph Knights
4. Celestar Ba l lista
5. Castigators
6. Battlemage
7. Freeguild Greatswords
8. Flagellants
9. Freeguild Crossbowmen
10. Freeguild Guard
11. Steam Tank
12. Helblaster Volley Gun
13. Ironweld Cogsmith
14. Dispossessed Irondrakes

12

14

11

13

4

5

9

7

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The iconography of Hammerhal
echoes the heraldry of the Hammers
of Sigmar, most famed of Stormhosts.

Ironweld Cogsmith of Hammerhal

Freeguild Greatsword of Hammerhal

2

10

1

6

3

8

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Painting your Cities of Sigmar Army

PAINTING YOUR
CITIES OF SIGMAR ARMY

Whether you are a master of the brush with decades of experience or you have never painted a Citadel Miniature
in your life, painting a Cities of Sigmar army offers a unique and exciting challenge. The pages that follow contain
some tips and examples to get you started with painting your own resplendent host.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures, and a great host
of uniformed soldiery can be
truly breathtaking. There is real
satisfaction to be had in adding
colour to your collection, teasing
out the finely sculpted details,
making your miniatures your own
and creating a unified force. After
all, one painted model looks great,
but an entire army brought together
through shared colours, iconography
and ornate heraldry is even better.

Before painting your models, you’ll
first need to assemble them. To
begin with, we suggest you follow
the advice given in the construction
booklet provided with your models.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art , lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstakingly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs
that allow them to quickly complete
legions of warriors. And, of course,
there is plenty of middle ground for
those that enjoy painting their troops
but want to devote special attention
to key figures such as a thundering
Steam Tank. Again, there is no one
way to paint, just the way that works
best for you. In the end, the goal is to
field a fully painted Cities of Sigmar
army on the tabletop.

On the following pages, you wi l l find
stage-by-stage guides, variant colour
schemes and top tips to help you
paint your battle-hardened army.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

HAMMERHAL GOLDEN ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Retributor Armour.

Shade with an even
mix of Reikland
Fleshshade and Reikland
Fleshshade Gloss.

HAMMERHAL UNIFORM DETAILS

Highlight with
Liberator Gold.

Add a second highlight of
Stormhost Silver.

Base: Kantor Blue.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Teclis Blue,
Fenrisian Grey.

Base: Celestra Grey.
Highlight: Ulthuan Grey,
White Scar.

Base: Ushabti Bone.
Shade: Seraphim Sepia.

Highlight: Screaming

Skull, Pallid Wych Flesh.
Writing: Rhinox Hide.

Base: Leadbelcher.
Shade: Agrax Earthshade.
Highlight: Ironbreaker,
Stormhost Silver.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PALE SKIN TONE

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Cadian Fleshtone.

Shade with
Reikland Fleshshade.

Highlight with
Kislev Flesh.

Add a second highlight of
Flayed One Flesh.

DARK SKIN TONE

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Catachan Fleshtone.

Layer with
Bloodreaver Flesh.

Highlight with
Knight-Questor Flesh.

Paint the teeth with Corax
White and add a thin line
of Rhinox Hide across
the middle.

GREYWATER FASTNESS UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Averland Sunset.
Shade: Casandora Yellow.
Highlight: Dorn Yellow.

Base: Khorne Red.
Shade: Nuln Oil.

Highlight: Evil Sunz

Scarlet, Fire Dragon Bright.

ANVILGARD UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Abaddon Black.

Highlight: Eshin Grey,

Administratum Grey.

Base: Mephiston Red.
Shade: Nuln Oil.

Highlight: Evil Sunz

Scarlet, Fire Dragon Bright.

Base: Stegadon
Scale Green.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Thunderhawk
Blue, Karak Stone.

Painting patterns on
clothes and accessories is
a great way to distinguish
heroes and unit leaders.

Base: Celestra Grey.

Recess Shade: 1:1 mix of

Nuln Oil/Lahmian Medium.
Highlight: Ulthuan Grey,
White Scar.

Base: Macragge Blue.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Alaitoc Blue,
Lothern Blue.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HALLOWHEART UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Macragge Blue.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Calgar Blue,
Fenrisian Grey.

Base: Celestra Grey.

Recess Shade: Nuln Oil.

Highlight: Ulthuan Grey,
White Scar.

Base: Leadbelcher.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Layer: Runefang Steel.

Highlight: Stormhost

Silver.

Base: Screamer P ink .
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Pink Horror,
Emperor’s Children.

THE LIVING CITY UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Incubi Darkness.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Sotek Green,
Administratum Grey.

Base: Corax White.
Shade: 1:2 mix of Ogryn
Camo/Lahmian Medium.

Highlight: White Scar.

Base: 1:1 mix of Terradon
Turquoise/Ironbreaker.
Shade: 1:1 mix of Biel-Tan
Green/Nuln Oil Gloss.
Highlight: Stormhost Silver.

Base: Elysian Green.
Shade: Athonian
Camoshade.

Highlight: Ogryn Camo,

Krieg Khak i .

THE LIVING CITY BANNER ICON

1

2

3

4

Plot out the design. Start
with the largest circle first
and work inwards. Use
simple lines as guides for
what wi l l become the tree
and the comet tai ls .

Fill in the inner circle and
fatten out the two lines
into the comet’s tail. Paint
the tree trunk using the
line as a guide for its angle
and length.

Add smaller details such
as branches, leaves and
fine roots.

Finally, tidy up the
design using the banner
base colour (Corax
White). Don’t forget to
paint in gaps between
the comet tails and the
circular branches.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE PHOENICIUM UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Retributor Armour.
Shade: Reikland
Fleshshade.
Highlight: Liberator Gold,
Stormhost Silver.

Base: Xereus Purple.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Genestealer
Purple.

TEMPEST’S EYE UNIFORM DETAILS

Base: Celestra Grey.

Recess Shade: Nuln Oil.

Highlight: Ulthuan Grey,
White Scar.

Base: Kantor Blue.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Altdorf Guard
Blue, Calgar Blue.

WEAPONS

Base: Runefang Steel.
Shade: Nuln Oil,
Soulstone Blue.

Highlight: Stormhost

Silver.

Base: Caledor Sky.

Highlight: Hoeth Blue,

Fenrisian Grey.

Base: Runefang Steel.

Contrast: 1:1 mix

of Leviadon Blue/
Lahmium Medium.
Highlight: Stormhost Silver.

Base: Celestra Grey.

Recess Shade: Nuln Oil.

Highlight: Ulthuan Grey,
White Scar.

Base: Leadbelcher.
Shade: Agrax Earthshade.
Highlight: Runefang Steel.

For the black flames,
basecoat with Abaddon
Black, then highlight with
Eshin Grey followed by
Administratum Grey.

Base: Rhinox Hide.

Highlight: Gorthor

Brown, Baneblade Brown.

Base: Warplock Bronze.

Shade: Agrax

Earthshade Gloss.
Highlight: Runelord Brass.

BASING TECHNIQUES

For a lava texture, apply
Averland Sunset and
Fuegan Orange, then cover
with Mordant Earth .

The cracks in this
Shattered Dominion base
have been filled with
Stirland Mud.

A small amount of
Valhallan Blizzard gives
the impression of a
snowy cityscape.

This rust effect is achieved
by stippling Ryza Rust
randomly around the base.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CITIES OF SIGMAR

CITIES OF SIGMAR

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Cities of Sigmar miniatures on the battlefields of
the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Cities of
Sigmar army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found in
the core rules.

BATTLE TRA ITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Cities of Sigmar army (pg 63), as well
as abilities specific to units from each
of the cities (pg 64-77).

COMMAND TRA ITS

Abilities available to the general of a
Cities of Sigmar army if it is a HERO,
depending on the city from which
your army hails (pg 64-77).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Cities of Sigmar army, depending on
the city from which your army hails
(pg 64-77).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Cities of Sigmar army, depending on
the city from which your army hails
(pg 64-77).

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Cities of Sigmar units that
combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 86-88).

BATTLEPLANS
This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Cities of Sigmar army (pg 78-79).

PATH TO GLORY
This section contains rules for using
your Cities of Sigmar collection in
Path to Glory campaigns (pg 80-85).

WARSCROLLS
This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Cities of Sigmar
miniatures. There are two types of
warscroll included in this section:

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Cities
of Sigmar unit, along with its
characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 89-126).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES
This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units and warscroll
battalions in this book (pg 127-128).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Cities of Sigmar army can include
(pg 128).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

FREE CITIES BATTLE TRAITS

Free Cities Battle Traits

Loyal Shields: A general’s trusted
companions protect their master
in battle.

Roll a dice before you allocate a
wound or mortal wound to your
general while they are within 3" of
their retinue. On a 4+, that wound
or mortal wound is allocated to the
retinue instead of the general.

THE GENERAL’S ADJUTANT

Many commanders of the free cities
retain a loyal aide-de-camp tasked
with providing strategic council.

When you choose the general
of a Cities of Sigmar army, if
your general has a Wounds
characteristic of 6 or less, you can
pick up to 1 friendly HERO to be
your general’s adjutant. This HERO
must have a Wounds characteristic
of 6 or less and cannot be
your general.

If you pick an adjutant, your
general gains the following ability:

Wise Council: A good general

listens well to his officers.

At the start of your hero phase, if
your general is within 3" of their
adjutant, roll a dice. On a 4+, you
receive 1 extra command point.

STORMKEEPS

From the centre of each free city
rises a Stormkeep, a fearsome
citadel of the Stormcast Eternals.

1 in every 4 units in a Cities of
Sigmar army can be a STORMCAST
ETERNALS unit. Those units gain

the CITIES OF SIGMAR keyword

and the city keyword chosen for
your army.

STRONGHOLDS OF ORDER

In the wake of the Realmgate
Wars, great cities of Order were
established across the Mortal
Realms, each with their own proud
traditions and martial heritage.

When you choose a Cities of
Sigmar army, you must give it a
city keyword from the list below.

All CITIES OF SIGMAR units in

your army gain that keyword,
and you can use the allegiance
abilities listed for that city on the
pages indicated.

WAYS OF THE FREE PEOPLES

WARRIORS OF THE REALMS

Inhabitants of the God-King’s cities
learn to adapt to and master their
native realms.

The battle traits for each City of
Sigmar wi l l list the Mortal Realm
in which the city is located. If
you are using the rules from

Warhammer Age of Sigmar: Malign

Sorcery, your army must be from
the same Mortal Realm as the one
in which the city is based. In the
case of Hammerhal, your army can
be from either Aqshy or Ghyran.

• HAMMERHAL (pg 64-65)
• LIVING CITY (pg 66-67)
• GREYWATER FASTNESS

(pg 68-69)

• PHOENICIUM (pg 70-71)
• ANV ILGARD (pg 72-73)
• HALLOWHEART (pg 74-75)
• TEMPEST ’S EYE (pg 76-77)

If a model already has a city
keyword on its warscroll, it cannot
gain another one. You can still
include the model in your army,
but you cannot use the allegiance
abilities for its city.

AMPLIFIED SORCERIES

Intense study has allowed the
Collegiate Arcane to summon
particularly devastating spells.

If a CITIES OF SIGMAR WIZARD

successfully casts an endless
spell and that spell has any of the
abilities listed below, those abilities
are in effect for that spell regardless
of the realm in which the battle is
taking place.

• Empowered by Aqshy
• Empowered by Chamon
• Empowered by Ghur
• Empowered by Ghyran
• Empowered by Hysh
• Empowered by Shyish
• Empowered by U lgu

HONOURED RETINUE

A general of the free cities is often
accompanied to battle by a hand-
picked bodyguard consisting of the
city’s finest champions.

When you choose the general
of a Cities of Sigmar army,
if the general has a Wounds
characteristic of 6 or less, you can
pick up to 1 friendly unit to be your
general’s retinue. This unit must
have between 5 and 20 models.

If you pick a retinue, your general
gains the following ability:

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Hammerhal Allegiance Abilities

HAMMERHAL BATTLE TRAITS

THE TWIN-TAILED CITY
HAMMERHAL armies only.

A CITY OF TWO REALMS

Hammerhal spreads over both Aqshy and Ghyran, its
two halves linked by the colossal Stormrift Realmgate.

THE PRIDE OF HAMMERHAL

Soldiers of Hammerhal would gladly die rather than
dishonour their beloved city.

A Hammerhal army can be from either Aqshy
or Ghyran.

Do not take battleshock tests for HAMMERHAL units
that are wholly within your territory.

BANNERS HELD HIGH

The banners of Hammerhalian regiments are heirloom
artefacts, stitched with golden thread and resonant
with proud martial history.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for
each friendly HAMMERHAL unit that includes any
Standard Bearers. For each 6, you receive 1 extra
command point.

THE MAGISTER OF HAMMERHAL

Aventis Firestrike has the office of Magister of
Hammerhal and speaks with the authority of Sigmar
himself on all matters that concern the city.

If your army includes AVENTIS FIRESTRIKE and he is
your general, at the start of your first hero phase, you
receive 1 extra command point.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Righteous Purpose: All warriors of the Twin-tailed
City believe in their righteous duty to cleanse the
realms, and an eloquent commander can stir this pride
with devastating effect.

You can use this command ability at the end of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HAMMERHAL unit that is wholly within enemy
territory, wholly within 12" of a friendly HAMMERHAL
HERO, and within 3" of an enemy unit. That friendly
unit can fight. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

HAMMERHAL COMMAND TRAITS

THE TWIN-TAILED CITY
HAMMERHAL generals only.

D3

1

Command Trait

Acadamae Prodigy:

This warrior is a learned
graduate from the city’s
finest war colleges, the
Acadamae Martial.

Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this
general’s melee weapons. In
addition, at the start of the
battle, you receive 1 extra
command point.

2

Blood of the Twelve: This

general traces their lineage
back to one of the twelve
great families of Azyrheim,
which inspires their warriors
to fight all the harder.

You can re-roll wound rolls
of 1 for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly
HAMMERHAL units wholly
within 12" of this general.

3

Aggressive General: This

commander seeks glory and
fame in battle and fights at
the head of every charge.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by
friendly HAMMERHAL units
that are wholly within 12" of
this general if this general
made a charge move in the
same turn .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HAMMERHAL ARTEFACTS OF POWER

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Armour of Mallus: It is

said that this obsidian suit
of armour was fashioned
from a shard of Mallus, the
core of the world-that-was.
It offers supreme protection
against both physical and
supernatural attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target the bearer.

TREASURES OF HAMMERHAL

HAMMERHAL HEROES only.

2

Saint’s Blade: First wielded

by a nameless saint from
the Age of Myth, this blade
thirsts for the liberation of
the realms from Chaos.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee
weapons. Improve the
Rend characteristic of that
weapon by 1. In addition,
while the bearer is within 6"
of an objective marker, add
1 to the damage inflicted
by attacks made with
that weapon.

3

The Twinstone: A gem

imbued with Fire and Life.

You can use this artefact in
each of your hero phases.
If you do so, pick its Aqshy
aspect or its Ghyran aspect.

Aqshy Aspect: Add 1 to hit

rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly
HAMMERHAL units wholly
within 12" of the bearer.

Ghyran Aspect: Roll 1

dice for each friendly
HAMMERHAL unit wholly
within 12" of the bearer.
On a 4+, you can heal up
to D3 wounds allocated to
that unit.

HAMMERHAL SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Hammerhal army.

D3

1

Spell

Wings of Fire: The mage

conjures wings of flame that
guide his comrades swiftly
to battle.

Wings of Fire has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 friendly unit that
is visible to the caster. Add
1 to run and charge rolls
for that unit until the start
of your next hero phase. In
addition, until the start of
your next hero phase, that
unit can fly.

LORE OF CINDER

2

Cindercloud: Blinding

sparks and thick plumes of
smoke mask the battlefield,
obscuring the wizard’s allies
from harm.

Cindercloud has a casting
value of 7. If successfully
cast, until the start of your
next hero phase, subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks that
target friendly units wholly
within 9" of the caster.

3

Twin-tailed Comet: A

blazing comet races across
the sky before plummeting
into the enemy lines.

Twin-tailed Comet has
a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit within 18" of the
caster that is visible to them.
That unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. If that unit has 10
or more models, it suffers D6
mortal wounds instead.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Living City Allegiance Abilities

THE LIVING CITY BATTLE TRAITS

THE VIRIDIAN SHIELD
LIVING CITY armies only.

DEEP IN THYR IA

The Living City is located in the Everspring Swathe,
deep amidst the wilds of Thyria.

A Living City army must be from Ghyran.

THE CITY WARGROVES

Wargroves of the mysterious Sylvaneth inhabit the
Living City, rousing to the soldiers’ war cry in times
of need.

A Living City army can include SYLVANETH units. 1
in every 4 units in an army can be a SYLVANETH unit.
Those units gain the CITIES OF SIGMAR keyword and
the LIVING CITY city keyword.

HUNTERS OF THE HIDDEN PATHS

The warriors of the Living City know of hidden waylines
through the realms that they navigate to surprise and
ambush all who threaten them.

Instead of setting up a LIVING CITY unit on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say that
it is set up on the hidden paths as a reserve unit. You
can set up 1 reserve unit on the hidden paths for each
LIVING CITY unit you have set up on the battlefield.

At the end of your movement phase, you can set up 1
or more of these units on the battlefield, wholly within
6" of the edge of the battlefield and more than 9" from
any enemy units. Any reserve units on the hidden
paths that are not set up on the battlefield before the
start of the fourth battle round are destroyed.

ATTUNED TO NATURE

Every inhabitant of the Living City has an affinity with
the natural world, and into battle they carry remedies,
elixirs and herbal cures for battle wounds.

At the start of your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to each friendly LIVING CITY unit.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Strike then Melt Away: The warriors of the Living City
strike from afar before disappearing from sight.

You can use this command ability at the end of your
shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly LIVING
CITY unit that shot in that phase, is more than 9" from
any enemy units and is wholly within 18" of a friendly
LIVING CITY HERO. That unit can make a normal
move (it cannot run). A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

THE LIVING CITY COMMAND TRAITS

BLESSED OF THE EVERQUEEN
LIVING CITY generals only.

D3

1

Command Trait

Ironoak Artisan: This

warlord has mastered the
difficult art of carving
rare ironoak into weapons
and armour.

Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target this
general. In addition, add 1
to wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by
this general.

2

Forest Strider: This warlord

is used to travelling through
the thickest and most
treacherous terrain.

This general can run and
still charge in the same
turn. In addition, friendly
units are not affected by the
Deadly scenery rule if they
start a move wholly within
12" of this general.

3

Druid of the Everspring

Circle: This warrior is also a
powerful mage.

If this general is a WIZARD,
they know all spells from
the Lore of Leaves instead of
only 1. If this general is not
a WIZARD, they know 1 spell
from the Lore of Leaves and
can attempt to cast it in their
hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE LIVING CITY ARTEFACTS OF POWER

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Spear of the Hunt: This

warrior carries the fabled
Spear of the Hunt, a weapon
that gives the bearer
unrivalled momentum
in battle.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee
weapons. Improve the Rend
characteristic of that weapon
by 1. In addition, the bearer
(and their mount) fights
at the start of the combat
phase if they made a charge
move in the same turn. The
bearer cannot fight again in
that combat phase unless an
ability or spell allows them
to fight more than once.

RELICS OF EVERSPRING

LIVING CITY HEROES only.

2

Deepmire Cloak: The hues

of this cloak deepen and
change to conceal the bearer
within a dark shadow.

3

If the bearer has a Wounds
characteristic of 6 or less,
while they are in cover,
the bearer cannot be
chosen to be the target of a
missile weapon.

If the bearer has a Wounds
characteristic of 7 or more,
while they are in cover,
subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks made with
missile weapons that target
the bearer.

Wardroth Horn: In times

of dire need, the Wardroth
Horn is sounded and the
Sylvaneth allies who hear
it are roused to protect the
city of their Everqueen with
wrath and determination.

Once per battle, in your
hero phase, the bearer
can sound the Wardroth
Horn. If they do, until the
start of your next hero
phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee
weapons used by LIVING

CITY SYLVANETH units.

THE LIVING CITY SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Living City army.

D3

1

Spell

Lifesurge: Flowers bloom
and vines grow at the feet of
these warriors as they are
blessed and encircled by a
healing aura.

Lifesurge has a casting value
of 6. If successfully cast, pick
1 friendly model within 18"
of the caster that is visible
to them. You can heal up
to D6 wounds allocated to
that model.

LORE OF LEAVES

2

Cage of Thorns: Thick

brambles enclose the foe.

Cage of Thorns has a casting
value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Halve the
Move characteristic of that
unit until the start of your
next hero phase. In addition,
until the start of your next
hero phase, the first time
that unit moves, it suffers D6
mortal wounds.

3

Ironoak Skin: The allies of

this mage have their skin
monumentally transformed
into hardened ironoak.

Ironoak Skin has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 friendly unit
wholly within 18" of the
caster that is visible to them.
Subtract 1 from wound rolls
for attacks that target that
unit until the start of your
next hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Greywater Allegiance Abilities

GREYWATER FASTNESS BATTLE TRAITS

HEART OF INDUSTRY

GREYWATER FASTNESS armies only.

AMIDST THE GHOUL MERE

The relentless industry of this smog-spilling city has
desecrated the land around it.

HOME OF THE GREAT IRONWELD GUILDS

The finest blackpowder weapons are manufactured in
the Ironweld factories of Greywater Fastness.

A Greywater Fastness army must be from Ghyran.

RUNE LORE

Runelords of Greywater Fastness aid their Ironweld
allies by inscribing powerful runes upon their machines
of war.

In your hero phase, 1 friendly GREYWATER FASTNESS
RUNELORD can chant the following prayer in addition
to any prayer on their warscroll. If they do so, make a
prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1, the prayer is not
answered. On a 2+, the prayer is answered.

Rune of Unfaltering Aim: If this prayer is answered,

pick 1 friendly IRONWELD ARSENAL WAR MACHINE

unit within 3" of this model. Until the start of your
next hero phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
with missile weapons by that unit.

Increase the Range characteristic of missile weapons

used by friendly GREYWATER FASTNESS IRONWELD

ARSENAL units by 3" (this does not affect the weapon’s
minimum range, if it has one). In addition, if you are
fighting a Pitched Battle, you can include 1 additional
IRONWELD ARSENAL Art i l lery unit in your army.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Salvo Fire: A devastating salvo of firepower is
unleashed upon the enemy.

You can use this command ability in your shooting
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly GREYWATER

FASTNESS FREEGUILD HANDGUNNERS unit or 1
friendly GREYWATER FASTNESS IRONDRAKES unit

wholly within 12" of a friendly GREYWATER FASTNESS
HERO. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons by that unit until the end of that phase. A
unit cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

GREYWATER FASTNESS COMMAND TRAITS

D3

1

Command Trait

Seat on the Council: This

warrior has a seat on the
Ironweld Council and holds
great authority in the city.

At the start of your hero
phase, if this general is on
the battlefield, roll a dice.
On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

SENTINELS OF GREYWATER

GREYWATER FASTNESS generals only.

2

Drillmaster: This general

has a reputation for their
strict and demanding
training regimes.

You can re-roll hit rolls of
1 for attacks made with
missile weapons by friendly

GREYWATER FASTNESS units

that are wholly within 12"
of this general while this
general is more than 3" away
from any enemy units.

3

Ghoul Mere Ranger: This

general has spent years in
the polluted marshes that
surround the city and is
an expert in traversing
harsh terrain.

Friendly units wholly within
12" of this general can run
and still shoot later in the
same turn .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GREYWATER FASTNESS
ARTEFACTS OF POWER

TREASURES OF THE GUILDS

GREYWATER FASTNESS HEROES only.

2

Runic Munitions: Each

of these mastercrafted
munitions has had duardin
runes of power etched
upon them.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s missile
weapons. Add 1 to the
Damage characteristic of
that weapon.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Steam-piston Plate Mail:

Truly a marvel of duardin
and Ironweld ingenuity,
this thick gromril plate is
underfitted with a harness of
steam-powered pistons.

Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, if the
bearer does not have a
mount, add 1 to the bearer’s
Move characteristic.

3

Mastro Vivetti’s
Magnificent Macroscope:

This telescope is fitted with
lenses of rare Hyshian glass.
The view it provides allows
the bearer to track enemy
movements from afar and
launch long-range attacks
with deadly accuracy.

At the start of the first battle
round, you receive 1 extra
command point. In addition,
add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with missile weapons
by the bearer.

GREYWATER FASTNESS SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Greywater Fastness army.

D3

1

Spell

Descending Ash Cloud: The

enemy warriors are engulfed
in a cloud of ash that
obscures their vision.

Descending Ash Cloud
has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit within 18" of the
caster that is visible to them.
Subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit
until the start of your next
hero phase.

LORE OF SMOG

2

Eroding Blast: A blast of

energy withers plant life and
erodes armour in seconds.

Eroding Blast has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 terrain feature
wholly within 18" of the
caster that is visible to
them. Roll 1 dice for each
model within 1" of that
terrain feature. For each 5+,
that model’s unit suffers 1
mortal wound. In addition,
until your next hero phase,
that terrain feature has
the Deadly scenery rule
in addition to any other
scenery rules it may have.

3

Choking Fumes: Thick

tendrils of cloying smog
weave through the enemy
lines, choking and strangling
the foe.

Choking Fumes has a
casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit within 15" of
the caster that is visible to
them. Roll 1 dice for each
model from that unit that is
within 15" of the caster. For
each 5+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Phoenicium Allegiance Abilities

THE PHOENICIUM BATTLE TRAITS

THE AMBERFLAME WARHOST
PHOENICIUM armies only.

AT THE FOOT OF QUOGMIA MOUNTAIN

The Phoenicium resides at the foot of the great
Arborean Mountain in Ghyran.

BLOOD OF THE UR-PHOENIX

The Phoenixes of this city are paragons of their kind,
said to be born from the blood of the Ur-Phoenix.

A Phoenicium army must be from Ghyran.

VENGEFUL REVENANTS

Fierce retribution is dealt unto the enemies of the
Phoenicium, delivered by the blades of fallen warriors
revered as glorious martyrs.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly PHOENICIUM units if any
friendly PHOENICIUM units have been destroyed in the
same phase.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of PHOENICIUM

FROSTHEART PHOENIXES and PHOENICIUM
FLAMESPYRE PHOENIXES.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Living Idols: Warriors of the Phoenicium consider
Phoenixes to be blessed creatures and will fight to the
death to protect them from harm.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

PHOENICIUM HERO FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX or 1
friendly PHOENICIUM HERO FROSTHEART PHOENIX.

Until the end of that phase, if a friendly PHOENICIUM
model is slain while it is within 12" of that HERO, that
model can fight before it is removed from play.

THE PHOENICIUM COMMAND TRAITS

ENLIGHTENED WARRIORS
PHOENICIUM generals only.

2

One with Fire and Ice: Long

sessions of meditation have
revealed secrets of elemental
power to this warrior.

3

Aura of Serenity: This

general has found an inner
peace, and their unshakeable
calm inspires their warriors.

If this general is a WIZARD,
they know all spells from the
Lore of the Phoenix instead
of only 1. If this general is
not a WIZARD, they know
1 spell from the Lore of the
Phoenix and can attempt to
cast it in your hero phase.

Do not take battleshock tests
for friendly PHOENICIUM
units while they are wholly
within 12" of this general.

D3

1

Command Trait

Seeker of Vengeance: This

general has been reborn as a
silent avatar of retribution.

Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this
general’s melee weapons if
1 or more friendly models
have been slain in the
same phase. Add 3 to the
Attacks characteristic of
this general’s melee weapons
instead of 1 if 5 or more
friendly models have been
slain in the same turn .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE PHOENICIUM ARTEFACTS OF POWER

TREASURES OF THE PHOENIX TEMPLE

PHOENICIUM HEROES only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Amber Armour: This

armour is fashioned from
impervious golden resin.

If the weapon used for an
attack that targets the bearer
has a Rend characteristic
of -1, change the Rend
characteristic for that attack
to ‘-’.

2

Phoenix Pinion: The bearer

of this radiant feather is
granted great swiftness and
the power of flight.

3

Phoenix Pyre Ashes:

Powerful healing
magic resides in these
still-warm embers.

The bearer can fly. In
addition, the bearer can run
and still charge later in the
same turn .

If the unmodified save roll
for an attack that targets
the bearer is 6, you can
heal 1 wound allocated to
the bearer.

THE PHOENICIUM SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Phoenicium army.

D3

1

Spell

Amber Tide: A wave

of viscous sap engulfs
the enemy, hampering
their movements.

Amber Tide has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until
the start of your next hero
phase, halve that unit’s
Move characteristic.

LORE OF THE PHOENIX

2

Phoenix Cry: An ear-

splitting avian cry, rings out
across the battlefield.

Phoenix Cry has a casting
value of 5. If successfully
cast, until the start of
your next hero phase,
subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units
while they are within 18" of
the caster.

3

Golden Mist: A glistening

cloud of golden vapour
enshrouds the caster, healing
those around them.

Golden Mist has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, you can heal D3
wounds allocated to each
friendly PHOENICIUM unit
within 12" of the caster that
is visible to them.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Anvilgard Allegiance Abilities

ANVILGARD BATTLE TRAITS

CITY OF SCALES
ANV ILGARD armies only.

ON THE SHORES OF THE SEARING SEA

This dark port city dominates the wild lands of the
Charrwind Coast in the Realm of Fire.

An Anvilgard army must be from Aqshy.

ILLICIT DEALINGS

To have power and influence in Anvilgard, one must
know the right people. In battle, the city’s commanders
call upon these contacts to give them every advantage
they can glean.

When you choose an Anvilgard army, you can profit
from one of the following benefits of illicit dealings:

Black Market Bounty: 1 additional friendly
ANV ILGARD HERO can bear an artefact of power from
the Anvilgard Artefacts of Power table.

Dabblings in Sorcery: 1 additional friendly

ANV ILGARD DRAGON, ANVILGARD KHARIBDYSS or

ANVILGARD WAR HYDRA can have a Drakeblood curse
from the Drakeblood Curses table.

Hidden Agents: You receive D3 extra
command points.

DRAKEBLOOD CURSES

Dark experiments and blood rituals are carried out
upon the monsters caught by the city’s beasthunters,
giving rise to all manner of horrible mutations.

If an Anvilgard army includes any DRAGONS,

KHARIBDYSSES or WAR HYDRAS, 1 of those models has

a Drakeblood curse. Choose which model wi l l have
the Drakeblood curse, then pick from or roll on the
Drakeblood Curses table opposite.

You can choose 1 additional friendly ANVILGARD

DRAGON, ANVILGARD KHARIBDYSS or ANVILGARD

WAR HYDRA to have a Drakeblood curse for each
warscroll battalion in your army. A model cannot have
more than 1 Drakeblood curse, and an army may not
include duplicates of the same Drakeblood curse.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Make an Example of the Weak: This champion

mercilessly cuts down a faltering warrior, sending a
clear message that weakness will not be tolerated.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the battleshock phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
ANV ILGARD unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
ANVILGARD HERO. 1 model in that unit is slain.
However, in that phase, you do not need to take
battleshock tests for friendly ANVILGARD units wholly
within 18" of that unit.

ANVILGARD COMMAND TRAITS

D3

1

Command Trait

Blackfang Crimelord: This

general operates from the
shadows, using bribery,
murder and intimidation to
dominate their foes.

Pick 2 different benefits of
illicit dealing instead of 1
(see the Illicit Dealings battle
trait above).

RULERS OF ANVILGARD
ANV ILGARD generals only.

2

Slayer of Monsters: This

general has long battled the
monstrosities that haunt the
Charrwind Coast.

3

Secretive Warlock: Away

from prying eyes, this general
has dedicated themselves to
the study of forbidden lore.

Add 1 to hit and wound
rolls for attacks made by
this general that target an

enemy MONSTER.

If this general is a WIZARD,
they know all spells from the
Lore of Dark Sorcery instead
of only 1. If this general is
not a WIZARD, they know 1
spell from the Lore of Dark
Sorcery and can attempt to
cast it in their hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ANVILGARD ARTEFACTS OF POWER

RELICS OF ANVILGARD

ANVILGARD HEROES only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Drakescale Cloak: A mantle

of thick drake hide.

2

Venomfang Blade: This

weapon seeps deadly poison.

3

Asphyxica Censer: This

device emits a deadly gas.

Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer. On a
5+, that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee
weapons. If the unmodified
wound roll for an attack
made with that weapon
is 6, that attack inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on the
target in addition to any
normal damage.

At the end of your combat
phase, roll 1 dice for each
enemy unit within 3" of the
bearer. On a 4+, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

DRAKEBLOOD CURSES

D3

1

Drakeblood Curse

Acidic Blood: A vile toxin

fills this beast’s veins.

Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound to this
model that was inflicted
by a melee weapon and
not negated. On a 4+, the
attacking unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

DARK MUTATIONS

2

Jutting Bones: Sharp bones

burst from the flesh of
this creature.

3

Fell Gaze: This creature’s
eyes are pools of
limitless malice.

After this model makes a
charge move, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this
model and roll a dice. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units
while they are within 12" of
any models that have this
Drakeblood curse.

ANVILGARD SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in an Anvilgard army.

D3

1

Spell

LORE OF DARK SORCERY

Sap Strength: Wisps of

magic enfeeble the enemy.

2

Shadow Daggers: A flurry of

eldritch daggers shoots forth.

3

Vitriolic Spray: The caster’s

foes are doused in acid.

Sap Strength has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit until the
start of your next hero phase.

Shadow Daggers has
a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit within 9" of
the caster that is visible to
them. That unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

Vitriolic Spray has a casting
value of 8. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit
within 6" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until
the start of your next hero
phase, that unit has a Save
characteristic of ‘-’.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Hallowheart Allegiance Abilities

HALLOWHEART BATTLE TRAITS

THE RADIANT CITY
HALLOWHEART armies only.

IN THE SHIMMERING ABYSS

Situated upon a pillar of rock that descends into the
vast Shimmering Abyss, Hallowheart is home to the
most powerful spellcasters in Aqshy.

A Hallowheart army must be from Aqshy.

MAGES OF THE WHITEFIRE COURT

Across the free cities, the wizards of Hallowheart are
held in esteem and feared in equal measure.

HALLOWHEART WIZARDS can attempt to cast 1 extra
spell in each of their hero phases.

ELDRITCH ATTUNEMENT

All of those who dwell in Hallowheart are infused with
the city’s magical energies. Spells hurled at formations
of Hallowheart warriors have been to known to sputter
and disappear before impact, as if breaking against an
invisible wall.

Each time a friendly HALLOWHEART unit is affected
by a spell or endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do
so, on a 5+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on that unit.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Arcane Channelling: The wizard lets untapped arcane
power flow through their body, sacrificing their flesh in
order to unleash the most devastating magic.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

HALLOWHEART WIZARD HERO and roll a dice. That

WIZARD suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to
that roll. In addition, until the start of your next hero
phase, add that roll to casting rolls made by other
friendly HALLOWHEART WIZARDS while they are
within 12" of that WIZARD.

HALLOWHEART COMMAND TRAITS

HEROES OF HALLOWHEART
HALLOWHEART generals only.

D3

1

Command Trait

Veteran of the Blazing

Crusade: This general has
earned the respect of their
warriors through deeds of
bravery carried out during
the Blazing Crusade.

Do not take battleshock tests
for friendly HALLOWHEART
units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

2

Warden of the Flame: This

title is bestowed upon the
leader of the city’s standing
army, a role granted only to
the shrewdest of tacticians.

At the start of your hero
phase, roll a dice. On a
4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

3

Famed Spell-hunter: This

general has dedicated
their life to hunting down
malign sorceries.

If this general is a WIZARD,
add 3 to the roll when this
general attempts to dispel an
endless spell. If this general
is not a WIZARD, they can
attempt to dispel 1 endless
spell in your hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HALLOWHEART ARTEFACTS OF POWER

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Agloraxi Prism: This

ancient gem masks the
bearer in a shimmering
heat haze.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks made with
missile weapons that target
the bearer.

RELICS OF HALLOWHEART

HALLOWHEART HEROES only.

2

Pauldrons of Living Flame:

Fashioned from primordial
emberstone, these pauldrons
can unleash gouts of flame.

At the end of your combat
phase, roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 3" of the
bearer. On a 4+, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

3

Whitefire Tome: A book of

esoteric arcane secrets.

If the bearer is a WIZARD,
they know all spells from the
Lore of Whitefire instead of
only 2. If the bearer is not a
WIZARD, they know 1 spell
from the Lore of Whitefire
and can attempt to cast it in
your hero phase.

HALLOWHEART SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for 2 of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Hallowheart army.

LORE OF WHITEFIRE

D6

1

Spell

Roaming Wildfire: The foe is engulfed in flames
that sweep uncontrolled through their lines.

4

Warding Brand: A fiery sigil causes any who
harm these warriors to be wreathed in flames.

Roaming Wildfire has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. Then roll a dice for
each other enemy unit within 6" of that unit. On
a 4+, that other unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

2

Sear Wounds: Blasts of flame instantly
cauterise wounds.

Sear Wounds has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. You can heal
up to D6 wounds allocated to that unit.

3

Elemental Cyclone: A whirlwind of fire and ice
blasts out from the wizard’s outstretched hands.

Elemental Cyclone has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. Roll 1 dice
for each model from that unit that is within 12"
of the caster. For each 4+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Warding Brand has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
Until the start of your next hero phase, roll a
dice each time a wound inflicted by a melee
weapon is allocated to a model from that unit
and not negated. On a 4+, the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

5

Crystal Aegis: A prismatic shield protects the
caster’s allies from magical harm.

Crystal Aegis has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, until the start of your next
hero phase, add 1 to rolls for the Eldritch
Attunement battle trait (see opposite) for
friendly HALLOWHEART units wholly within 12"
of the caster.

6

Ignite Weapons:.The weapons of the caster’s
allies radiate intense white flames.

Ignite Weapons has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made by that
unit until the start of your next hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Tempest’s Eye Allegiance Abilities

TEMPEST’S EYE BATTLE TRAITS

THE AETHERGUARD

TEMPEST ’S EYE armies only.

ATOP TITANSPEAR MOUNTAIN

The ashplains of the Brimstone Penisula are dominated
by the shadow of the Titanspear, and it is atop this
immense mountain that the armies of the Tempest’s Eye
mobilise for battle.

STANDING CONTRACTS

The rulers of Tempest’s Eye have established a strong
working relationship with the Kharadron Overlords,
who supply military aid in exchange for exclusive
trading rights.

A Tempest’s Eye army must be from Aqshy.

ALERT AND FOREWARNED

Very few enemies can surprise the forces of Tempest’s
Eye. In most cases, their movements will have been
tracked by celestial orreries weeks before battle is met.

Add 3" to the Move characteristic of friendly
TEMPEST ’S EYE units until the end of the first battle
round. In addition, add 1 to save rolls for attacks
that target friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE units in the first
battle round.

OUTRIDERS OF THE REALMS

The warriors of Tempest’s Eye can traverse even the
toughest terrain with surprising speed.

Add 1 to run rolls for friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE units.

A Tempest’s Eye army can include KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units. 1 in every 4 units in the army can
be a KHARADRON OVERLORDS unit. Those units gain

the CITIES OF SIGMAR keyword and the TEMPEST ’S

EYE keyword.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Rapid Redeploy: The commander orders their warriors
to deftly disengage from the enemy before unleashing a
volley of fire into their ranks.

You can use this command ability in your shooting
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE
unit that is wholly within 12" of a friendly TEMPEST ’S
EYE HERO. That unit can shoot even if it ran in the
same turn .

TEMPEST’S EYE COMMAND TRAITS

D3

1

Command Trait

Aetherguard Captain: This

general is a seasoned leader
of the Aetherguard, a master
of hit and run tactics.

Add 1 to charge rolls for

friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE

units while they are wholly
within 12" of this general.

LORDS OF THE EYE
TEMPEST ’S EYE generals only.

2

Hawk-eyed: This general has
a keen ability to spot weak
points in the enemy line
and direct the fire of their
warriors accordingly.

Add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made with missile
weapons by friendly

TEMPEST ’S EYE units wholly

within 12" of this general.

3

Swift as the Wind: This

general favours speed in
battle above all else.

This general can run and
still charge in the same turn.
In addition, this general (and
their mount) fights at the
start of the combat phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
TEMPEST’S EYE ARTEFACTS OF POWER

TREASURES OF TITANSPEAR

TEMPEST ’S EYE HEROES only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Patrician’s Helm: This eagle-

crested helm is awarded to
the greatest champions of
Tempest’s Eye.

2

Seerstone Amulet: This

scrying gem allows the bearer
to communicate with the
seers of Tempest’s Eye.

3

Zephyrite Banner: This

magical standard can
summon a rushing wind that
hastens those nearby.

Do not take battleshock tests

for friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE

units while they are wholly
within 12" of the bearer.

At the start of your hero
phase, if the bearer is on
the battlefield, roll a dice.
On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

You can re-roll charge rolls

for friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE

units while they are wholly
within 12" of the bearer.

TEMPEST’S EYE SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Tempest’s Eye army.

D3

1

Spell

Aura of Glory: The caster

projects a regal aura that
inspires those nearby
to greatness.

Aura of Glory has a casting
value of 7. If successfully
cast, until the start of your
next hero phase, add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic
of melee weapons used by

friendly TEMPEST ’S EYE

units while they are wholly
within 12" of the caster.

LORE OF EAGLES

2

Strike of Eagles: Hosts of

golden eagles swoop down to
rip and tear at the enemy.

3

Celestial Visions: The minds

of the caster’s allies are filled
with glimpses of the future.

Strike of Eagles has a casting
value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit
within 30" of the caster that
is visible to them, and roll 6
dice. For each 4+, that unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Celestial Visions has
a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you receive
1 extra command point.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: A Call For Aid

BATTLEPLAN

A CALL FOR AID

The great Cities of Sigmar are
bastions of hope and civilisation,
but they are few in number – each
is akin to a single flickering flame
amidst a vast and turbulent storm.

Over the course of their short but
bloody history, enemies have laid
siege to these cities on numerous
occasions, and at times they were
faced with such peril that they
would have surely fallen if not for
the allies who came to their aid.

This battleplan tells one such tale,
a tale of a city besieged for weeks
by an enemy warlord. Disease and
starvation has spread through the
beleaguered and trapped populace
like wildfire, and though there are
allies to the north-east and south-
west, they know nothing of the
city’s plight – the enemy shoots on
sight any messenger bird that leaves
the city walls.

To send word of their predicament,
the city’s warriors must sally out
and carve a path through the enemy
lines for a message bearer to escape.

It is now or never; without aid, all
hope will be lost and the city will
surely fall.

THE ARMIES
Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Defender. Their
opponent is the Besieger. The
Defender must use a Cities of
Sigmar army.

After the Besieger has picked their
army, they must secretly split it into
a north-easterly contingent and a
south-westerly contingent. There
must be at least 1 unit in the north-
easterly contingent for every unit in
the south-westerly contingent. The
Besieger notes down on a piece of
paper which contingent each unit in
their army is in.

The Defender then chooses
whether the battle takes place to
the north-east of the city or to the
south-west of the city.

SET-UP
The Besieger sets up their army first.
If the battle is to take place in the
north-east, the Besieger can only set
up units from their north-easterly
contingent. If the battle is to take
place in the south-west, the Besieger
can only set up units from their
south-westerly contingent.

In both cases, the units that
are not set up are placed to one
side as reserve units and wi l l
arrive during the battle (see
Reinforcements Arrive).

The Besieger must set up their units
wholly within their territory and
more than 9" from enemy territory.
The Defender must then set up their
army wholly within their territory,
more than 9" from enemy territory.
The territories are shown on the map.

MESSENGERS
A select few of your warriors receive
sealed parchments stamped with
the royal sigil of the city. Theirs is
a forlorn task – to break through
the enemy lines, traverse the wilds
beyond and bring news of the city’s
plight to neighbouring allies.

After both armies have been set up
but before the first turn begins, the
Defender secretly chooses 3 of their
units to bear the message for aid and
notes this down on a piece of paper.

FIRST TURN
The Defender can choose which
player takes the first turn.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND ABILITIES
The following additional command
abilities can be used in this battle:

Fall Back!: Throwing themselves
into the fray, a champion of the
city commands their warriors to
disengage to safety.

The Defender can use this command
ability in the combat phase. If they
do so, when picking a friendly unit
to fight, if that unit is wholly within
18" of a friendly CITIES OF SIGMAR
HERO, that unit must make a normal
move and must retreat instead
of fighting.

Sound the War Horns!: The

Besieger’s army forms battle lines
upon command, desperate to stop
any forces breaking through.

The Besieger can use this command
ability at the end of their movement
phase. If they do so, they must pick
1 friendly unit that has been set up
on the battlefield in the same turn
and is wholly within 18" of a friendly
HERO. That unit can make a normal
move of D6" (it cannot run).

REINFORCEMENTS
ARR IVE
The city’s forces assemble at dawn,
rushing out of the city gates from an
unexpected quarter. The Besieger’s
scattered forces rally to the sound of
blaring horns and race around the
city walls, eager to join the fight.

At the end of the Besieger’s
movement phase, they can roll 1
dice for each friendly unit that is
in reserve. If the roll is equal to or
less than the number of the current
battle round, that unit can be set up
anywhere on the battlefield that is
wholly within 6" of a Reinforcements
Battle Edge (see map) and more than
9" from any enemy units.

ESCAPE
A path has been carved through
the enemy lines. Seizing their
chance, warriors bearing the city’s
message make their way out into the
wilderness beyond.

At the start of the Defender’s hero
phase, if a friendly unit bearing the
message for aid is within 3" of the
Escape Route Battlefield Edge (see
map), the Defender can choose for
that unit to escape. If they do so,
they must remove that unit from
the battlefield.

GLORIOUS VICTORY
The battle ends after the fifth battle
round or after every unit that was
bearing the message for aid has
either escaped or been destroyed.

At the end of the battle, if only 1
unit bearing the message for aid has
escaped, the Defender wins a minor
victory. If 2 or more units bearing
the message for aid have escaped,
the Defender wins a major victory.
Otherwise, the Besieger wins a

major victory.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband will gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband to
follow their champion into battle.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and you
wi l l be crowned as the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND
In a Path to Glory game, you do
not select your army in the normal
manner. Instead, you create a
warband that consists of a mighty
champion, battling to earn the favour
of the gods, and their followers. The
details and progress of each warband
need to be recorded on a warband
roster, which you can download for
free from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the
warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
Cities of Sigmar warband, but
other Warhammer Age of Sigmar
publications include warband
tables to let you collect warbands
from other factions.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they
can otherwise take any options
allowed by their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll
to allow your champion to
start the campaign with a
Champion’s Reward or to
allow 1 of your follower units
to start the campaign with a
Follower’s Reward (see Rewards
of Battle).

5. Finally, give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!
Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use a Cities of Sigmar
warband in a Path to Glory game,
you can use the battle traits from
page 63 and the battle traits of your
city (pg 64-77), but you cannot
use any other Cities of Sigmar
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a
warband are assumed to have been
replaced in time for its next battle.
If your champion is slain in a
battle, it is assumed that they were
merely injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer, instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require you
to expend two or more rolls, or one
roll and a number of Glory Points
(see Gaining Glory), in order to
use it. Note that the option to
expend Glory Points can only be
used when you add new followers
to your warband after a battle (see
Rewards of Battle). In either case,
in order to generate a follower
unit from the table, you must have
enough rolls and/or Glory Points
to meet the requirements, and you
can then either roll once on the
table or pick one result from the
table of your choice. If you expend
Glory Points, you must reduce
your Glory Points total by the
amount shown on the table.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GAINING GLORY
All of the players in the campaign
are vy ing for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. As
a warband’s glory increases, it wi l l
also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle, it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle, it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE
After each battle you can take one
of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.
Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on the champion rewards
table for your warband
and note the result on
your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have one Champion’s
Reward, you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
their mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster. A
unit can only receive one
Follower’s Reward. If all of
your follower units have
one Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY
There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win
the campaign. If the next battle
you fight is tied or lost, you do not
receive any Glory Points – just keep
on fighting battles until you win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Cities of Sigmar Warband Tables

CITIES OF SIGMAR WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
that fight at their side, and the rewards they receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Follower Rolls

Anointed on Flamespyre Phoenix

2 rolls

Anointed on Frostheart Phoenix

2 rolls

Battlemage on Griffon

2 rolls

Dreadlord on Black Dragon

2 rolls

Freeguild General on Griffon

2 rolls

Sorceress on Black Dragon

2 rolls

Celestial Hurricanum with
Celestial Battlemage

3 rolls

Luminark of Hysh with
White Battlemage

3 rolls

Steam Tank with Commander

3 rolls

Anointed

4 rolls

Assassin

4 rolls

Nomad Prince

4 rolls

Warden King

4 rolls

Black Ark Fleetmaster

5 rolls

ARMY REGULARS FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Aelf Followers

Duardin Followers

Human Followers

1

10 Bleakswords

10 Longbeards

10 Freeguild Guard

2

10 Darkshards

10 Longbeards

10 Freeguild Guard

3

10 Dreadspears

10 Ironbreakers

10 Freeguild Crossbowmen

4

10 Black Ark Corsairs

10 Ironbreakers

10 Freeguild Handgunners

5

10 Wildwood Rangers

10 Hammerers

10 Flagellants

6

10 Shadow Warriors

10 Hammerers

10 Freeguild Greatswords

ELITE FOLLOWERS TABLE
(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

Followers

1

10 Black Guard

2

10 Executioners

3

10 Eternal Guard

4

10 Sisters of the Watch

5

10 Phoenix Guard

6

10 Irondrakes

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

Freeguild General

2

Battlemage

3

Cogsmith

4

Runelord

5

Assassin

6

Sorceress

CAVALRY FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Aelf Followers

Human Followers

1

5 Dark Riders

5 Freeguild Pistoliers

2

Scourgerunner Chariot

5 Freeguild Pistoliers

3

Drakespawn Chariot

5 Freeguild Outriders

4

5 Drakespawn Knights

5 Freeguild Outriders

5

5 Wild Riders

3 Demigryph Knights

6

5 Sisters of the Thorn

3 Demigryph Knights

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
AUXILIARY FOLLOWERS TABLE (uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

Monsters

1

2

3

4

5

6

War Hydra

War Hydra

War Hydra

Kharibdyss

Kharibdyss

Kharibdyss

Ironweld Arsenal

1-3 Gyrocopters

1-3 Gyrocopters

1-2 Gyrobombers

Helblaster Volley Gun

Helstorm Rocket Battery

Steam Tank

ELITE AUXILIARY FOLLOWERS TABLE (uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

1-3

4-6

Phoenix Temple

Frostheart Phoenix

Flamespyre Phoenix

Collegiate Arcane

Luminark of Hysh

Celestial Hurricanum

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ARMY REGULARS, CAVALRY, ELITE, AUXILIARY AND ELITE AUXILIARY
FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Seasoned Veterans: These warriors share a
fighting spirit forged through countless battles.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of this unit.

Blademasters: These warriors have dedicated
themselves to the mastery of their weapons.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this unit.

Hardened Fighters: A life of endless battle has
toughened these warriors and given them a
hardy resilience.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of this unit.

4

5

6

Fleet of Foot: These warriors are oft ordered
to scout ahead and spy the enemy locations,
and they have become skilled in traversing
battlefield terrain.

Add 1 to the Move characteristic of this unit.

Skilled Marksmen: These warriors are famed as
marksmen without peer.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons by this unit. Pick another reward if this
unit does not have any missile weapons.

Favoured Warriors: These warriors have an
uncanny fortune in battle and can emerge from
seemingly dire situations unscathed.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

HERO FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1-2

Reward

Hardy Warrior: This

warrior shows great
resilience in battle.

Add 1 to the Wounds
characteristic of this HERO.

3-4

Relic of Legend: This

champion carries a
legendary artefact
into battle.

5-6 Master of Magic: Exhaustive

study of the arcane has
seen this mage expand their
magical powers.

Randomly generate an
artefact of power for this
HERO by rolling on the
Artefacts of Power table for
the city from which your
warband hails. If this HERO
already has an artefact of
power, pick another reward
from this rewards table.

This HERO knows one spell
from the Spell Lores table
for the city from which
your warband hails. If this
HERO is not a WIZARD, pick
another reward from this
rewards table.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Inspiring Leader: This champion is revered by
the warriors in their command.

4

Artefact of Power: An ancient artefact of power
has fallen into this champion’s possession.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
units while they are wholly within 12" of
this champion.

Impervious: This champion is as stubborn and
resilient as granite.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of
this champion.

Tactician: This champion is a master of strategy
and tactics.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a
4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

Randomly generate an artefact of power for your
champion by rolling on the Artefacts of Power
table for the city from which your warband hails.
If your champion already has an artefact of power,
pick another reward from this rewards table.

5

Tricks of the Trade: This champion has

mastered a variety of unconventional tactics.

Randomly generate a command trait by rolling
on the Command Traits table for the city from
which your warband hails. If your champion
already has a command trait, pick another
reward from this rewards table.

6

Arcane Might: This champion is a
powerful spellcaster.

This champion knows 1 spell from the Spell
Lores table for the city from which your warband
hails. If your champion is not a WIZARD, pick
another reward from this rewards table.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes Cities of Sigmar warscrolls and warscroll battalions. Updated October 2019; the warscrolls
printed in this book take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

Hammerhalian Lancers

WARSCROLL BATTALION

HAMMERHALIAN LANCERS

Hammerhalian Lancers are renowned across the realms for their deadly cavalry charges and utter lack of fear. Led
by a General sat astride a noble griffon, these dashing warriors charge their armoured Demigryphs into the heart
of the enemy line with lances levelled, obliterating their foes in a single, devastating blow.

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 HAMMERHAL Freeguild
General on Griffon

3-6 units of HAMMERHAL
Demigryph Knights

ABILITIES

Glorious Cavalry Charge: Lances

are levelled in unison as these
elite cavalry riders thunder across
the battlefield.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons
by units from this battalion that
made a charge move in the same
turn and are wholly within 18" of the
Freeguild General on Griffon from
the same battalion.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Viridian Pathfinders

WARSCROLL BATTALION

VIRIDIAN PATHFINDERS

ORGANISATION

•

•

•

1 LIVING CITY Nomad Prince

3 units of LIVING CITY Wildwood Rangers

0-1 units of LIVING CITY Wild Riders

ABILITIES
Masters of Ambush: Striking from quarters unseen, these
warriors are amidst their foes with blades whirling before
the enemy even realises their doom.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly units from this
battalion if they used the Hunters of the Hidden Paths
battle trait to set up on the battlefield in the same turn .

Greywater Artillery Company

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GREYWATER ARTILLERY COMPANY

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 GREYWATER FASTNESS Cogsmith

2-4 GREYWATER FASTNESS Helstorm Rocket
Batteries or GREYWATER FASTNESS Helblaster
Volley Guns

ABILITIES
A Greywater Welcome: The artillery companies
of Greywater Fastness introduce themselves with a
prolonged and punishing bombardment upon the enemy
battle line.

In your shooting phase in the first battle round, friendly
WAR MACHINES from this battalion can shoot twice if
they are within 6" of a friendly HERO from this battalion
and are not within 3" of any enemy units.

Whitefire Retinue

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WHITEFIRE RETINUE

ORGANISATION

•

3-6 HALLOWHEART HERO WIZARDS

ABILITIES
Triarch Covenant: These powerful wizards wage war
in tandem, forming a powerful nexus of sorcery upon
the battlefield.

Add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls for friendly
WIZARDS from this battalion while they are within 6" of
another friendly model from the same battalion.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Aetherguard Windrunners

WARSCROLL BATTALION

AETHERGUARD WINDRUNNERS

ORGANISATION

•

•

•

1 TEMPEST’S EYE Freeguild General on Griffon

3-6 units of TEMPEST’S EYE Freeguild Outriders or
TEMPEST’S EYE Freeguild Pistoliers

0-2 TEMPEST’S EYE Grundstok Gunhaulers

ABILITIES
Swift Like the Wind: Whether mounted on horseback or
in the seat of a flying engine, warriors of Tempest’s Eye
strike with a swiftness that leaves their enemies reeling.

Units from this battalion can retreat and still shoot and/
or charge later in the same turn .

Charrwind Beasthunters

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CHARRWIND BEASTHUNTERS

ORGANISATION

•

•

•

•

1 ANVILGARD Black Ark Fleetmaster

3 units of ANVILGARD Black Ark Corsairs

1-3 units of ANVILGARD Scourgerunner Chariots

0-1 ANVILGARD Kharibdyss

ABILITIES
Beasthunters: Veterans of the wild Charrwind Coast,
these warriors show no mercy as they ruthlessly hunt
their prey.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made by units from this
battalion that target an enemy MONSTER.

Phoenix Flight

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PHOENIX FLIGHT

ORGANISATION

•

•

1-2 PHOENICIUM FROSTHEART PHOENIXES

1-2 PHOENICIUM FLAMESPYRE PHOENIXES

ABILITIES

Golden Aura of the Phoenicium: Amber light radiates

from the fledglings of the Ur-Phoenix, cauterising wounds
with a golden glow.

At the start of your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to each friendly PHOENICIUM unit wholly
within 12" of any units from this battalion.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

FREEGUILD GENERAL ON GRIFFON

Freeguild General on Griffon

A Freeguild General mounted upon a noble griffon surveys the battlefield from on
high. Identifying where their presence is most required, they descend like a speeding
comet to lay waste to their enemies, inspiring their comrades with word and deed.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sigmarite Runesword
Sigmarite Greathammer
Freeguild Lance
Razor Claws
Deadly Beak

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-11
12+

Move

15"
13"
11"
9"
7"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
2"
2"
2"

5
3
4

2

3+
3+
3+
4+
3+

DAMAGE TABLE

4+
3+
4+
3+
3+

-1
-2
-1
-1
-2

2
D3
2
2

Razor Claws

Deadly Beak

6
5
4
3
2

4
3
2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Freeguild General on Griffon is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Sigmarite Runesword; Sigmarite Greathammer;
or Freeguild Lance. A Freeguild General on
Griffon can also carry a Freeguild Shield.

MOUNT: This model’s Griffon attacks with its
Razor Claws and Deadly Beak .

ABILITIES
Charging Lance: Expert cavalrymen one
and all, Freeguild Generals armed with
lances can shatter an enemy line with their
well-timed strikes.

This model’s Freeguild Lance has a Rend
characteristic of -2 instead of -1 if this model
made a charge move in the same turn .

FLY: This model can fly.

Freeguild Shield: With breathtaking skill and
speed, this general pivots upon their mount to
deflect harmful blows from the enemy.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this
model if this model carries a Freeguild Shield.

Skilled Rider: Foregoing their shield, this
general uses their free hand to deftly steer their
mount into the fray.

Add 1 to run and charge rolls for this model if it
does not carry a Freeguild Shield.

Piercing Bloodroar: The shrill war cry of a

mighty griffon can shatter the enemy’s resolve.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 8" of any
friendly units with this ability.

COMMAND ABILITY
Rousing Battle Cry: Atop their griffon, this
general implores the warriors under their
command to run down the enemy and strike
true in the name of Sigmar.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
FREEGUILD HERO with this command ability.
Until the end of that phase, add 1 to charge rolls
for friendly FREEGUILD units while they are
wholly within 12" of that HERO. In addition,
in the next combat phase, add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons by friendly
FREEGUILD units while they are wholly within
12" of that HERO. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, MONSTER, HERO, FREEGUILD GENERAL

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Freeguild General

FREEGUILD GENERAL

WARSCROLL

Freeguild Generals inspire their soldiers to acts of astonishing bravery with their mere
presence. Master duellists and peerless strategists, they are as comfortable crossing
blades with the foe as they are issuing decisive commands that lead to glorious victory.

MELEE WEAPONS

Zweihander

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

3

3+

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Freeguild General is a single model armed
with a Zweihander.

ABILITIES
Decapitating Swing: A single strike from

a Zweihander can take the head clean off
the shoulders.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Zweihander is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Inspiring Leader: This officer is a respected
and consummate commander.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
FREEGUILD units while they are wholly within
18" of this model.

COMMAND ABILITY
Hold the Line: This warrior stands strong in
the face of the enemy and inspires their fellow
soldiers to do the same.

You can use this command ability in your
hero phase. If you do so, pick up to 3 friendly
FREEGUILD units wholly within 18" of a friendly
FREEGUILD HERO with this command ability.
Until the start of your next hero phase, add 1 to
hit and wound rolls for attacks made by those
friendly units if they have not made a normal
move or a charge move in the same turn. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, HERO, FREEGUILD GENERAL

Demigryph Knights

DEMIGRYPH KNIGHTS

WARSCROLL

Wielding gleaming lances and halberds, Demigryph Knights are amongst the finest
warriors of the free cities. Their fleet-footed mounts have razor-sharp beaks that can
tear through armour and flesh with ease.

MELEE WEAPONS

Demigryph Knight’s Halberd
Demigryph Knight’s Lance
Beak and Talons

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
2"
1"

3
3
3

3+
3+
3+

3+
4+
3+

-1
-
-1

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Demigryph Knights has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Demigryph Knight’s
Halberd; or Demigryph Knight’s Lance.

MOUNT: This unit’s Demigryphs attack with
their Beaks and Talons.

PRECEPTOR: 1 model in this unit can be a
Preceptor. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Demigryph Knight’s Halberd or
Demigryph Knight’s Lance.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 3 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

This unit’s Demigryph Knight’s Lances have
a Rend characteristic of -2 instead of ‘-’ and a
Damage characteristic of 2 instead of 1 if this
unit made a charge move in the same turn .

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 3 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Charging Lance: Demigryph Knights are
deadly on the charge.

Savage Ferocity: The sharp beak of a

Demigryph can punch through enemy armour.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with this unit’s Beak and Talons is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, DEMIGRYPH KNIGHTS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Freeguild Greatswords

FREEGUILD GREATSWORDS

WARSCROLL

Greatsword units are composed of the best and most experienced warriors of the
Freeguild regiments. Clad in finely wrought plate armour and wielding two-handed
greatblades, they carve a bloody swathe through anything in their path.

MELEE WEAPONS

Zweihander

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Greatswords has any number
of models, each armed with a Zweihander.

GUILD CHAMPION: 1 model in this unit
can be a Guild Champion. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Decapitating Swing: A single strike from

a Zweihander can take the head clean off
the shoulders.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Zweihander is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Oathsworn Honour Guard: These veteran

warriors will not allow the enemy to close upon
an officer in their guard.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this unit if it is wholly within 18" of

any friendly FREEGUILD HEROES.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD GREATSWORDS

Freeguild Guard

FREEGUILD GUARD

WARSCROLL

The Freeguild Guard form the backbone of the military forces of the free cities. Armed
with swords, spears and whatever other weapons they can scavenge, these soldiers
form a wall of steel and broad shields against the enemies of mortalkind .

MELEE WEAPONS

Freeguild Halberd
Freeguild Spear
Freeguild Sword

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

1
1
1

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Guard has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Freeguild Halberd;
Freeguild Spear; or Freeguild Sword and Shield.

SERGEANT: 1 model in this unit can be a
Sergeant. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapon.

DRUMMER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Drummer. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Drummers.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

ABILITIES
Massed Ranks: The regiments of the Freeguild
Guard are organised and disciplined.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
if it has 10 or more models. Add 2 to hit rolls
instead of 1 if this unit has 20 or more models.

Parry and Block: Wielding a shield in battle
offers protection from enemy attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a unit
armed with Freeguild Swords and Shields.

Wall of Spears: Only the foolish dare charge a
regiment bristling with spears and pikes.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Freeguild
Spears that target an enemy unit that made a
charge move in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD GUARD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

FREEGUILD OUTRIDERS

Freeguild Outriders

Outriders are light cavalry scouts armed with a variety of blackpowder weapons. They
harry the flanks of the enemy’s formation, blasting away with pinpoint precision
before wheeling their mounts about to evade retribution.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Grenade-launching Blunderbuss
Brace of Pistols
Repeater Handgun

MELEE WEAPONS

Freeguild Cavalry Sabre
Stamping Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

12"
9"
16"

1
2
D3

4+
3+
5+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

D3
1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
2

4+
4+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Outriders has any number of
models, each armed with a Repeater Handgun
and Freeguild Cavalry Sabre.

MOUNT: This unit’s Steeds attack with their
Stamping Hooves.

SHARPSHOOTER: 1 model in this unit
can be a Sharpshooter. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Freeguild Cavalry
Sabre. In addition, a Sharpshooter can replace
their Repeater Handgun with one of the
following weapon options: Grenade-launching
Blunderbuss; or Brace of Pistols.

TRUMPETER: 1 in every 5 models in this unit
can be a Trumpeter. Add 1 to run and charge
rolls for units that include any Trumpeters.

ABILITIES
Expert Gunners: Outriders can unleash
salvoes of fire with deadly precision if they are
not in melee.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Repeater Handguns if this unit is not within 3" of
any enemy units.

Skilled Riders: Each of these soldiers is a
master equestrian.

This unit can run and/or retreat and still shoot
later in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD OUTRIDERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

2

12"
5+

5

FREEGUILD PISTOLIERS

Freeguild Pistoliers

Pistoliers are master horsemen skilled in both marksmanship and swordplay. As
their hardy horses gallop towards the foe, these cavalrymen fire their pistols with
devastating accuracy before switching to keen sabres to carry the charge home.

93

MISSILE WEAPONS

Brace of Pistols
Repeater Handgun

MELEE WEAPONS

Sabre and Pistol Butt
Stamping Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

9"
16"

2
D3

4+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-1

1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

2
2

4+
4+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Pistoliers has any number of
models, each armed with a Brace of Pistols and a
Sabre and Pistol Butt.

MOUNT: This unit’s Steeds attack with their
Stamping Hooves.

OUTRIDER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Outrider. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s Sabre and Pistol Butt. In addition,
an Outrider can replace their Brace of Pistols
with a Repeater Handgun .

TRUMPETER: 1 in every 5 models in this unit
can be a Trumpeter. Add 1 to charge rolls for
units that include any Trumpeters.

ABILITIES
Hail of Bullets: Pistoliers unleash a hail of
bullets as they charge towards a foe.

After this unit makes a charge move, it can shoot
with any Braces of Pistols it is armed with .

Reckless Riders: The young, brash warriors
ride their mounts at a gallop even in the heat
of battle.

You can re-roll run and charge rolls for this unit.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD PISTOLIERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

FREEGUILD HANDGUNNERS

Freeguild Handgunners

Armed with long-barrelled wheellock firearms, these soldiers are drilled to hammer
the enemy with relentless, raking volleys of metal shot. Should any foes survive, they
switch to daggers and gun butts to finish them off.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Long Rifle
Repeater Handgun
Freeguild Handgun

MELEE WEAPONS

Dagger

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

30"
16"
16"

1
D3
1

4+
4+
4+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

2
1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

5+

5+

-

1

ABILITIES
Stand and Shoot: As the enemy charge, these
warriors make one last shot, praying it will be
enough to blunt their advance.

Once per turn, when an enemy unit ends a
charge move within 3" of this unit and there are
no other enemy units within 3" of this unit, this
unit can shoot.

Steady Aim: Taking a deep breath and
steadying their hands, each gunner draws a
bead upon a single target.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
if it has 10 or more models, there are no enemy
models within 3" of this unit, and this unit has
not made a move in the same turn .

Crack Shot: Tales are told of battles won with
a single, well-paced shot from a long rifle.

Enemy HEROES do not benefit from the
Look Out, Sir! rule for attacks made with a
Long Rifle.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Handgunners has any
number of models, each armed with a Freeguild
Handgun and Dagger.

MARKSMAN : 1 model in this unit can
be a Marksman. A Marksman may replace
their Freeguild Handgun with one of the
following weapon options: Long Rifle; or
Repeater Handgun. In addition, add 2 to
hit rolls for attacks made with that model’s
Freeguild Handgun.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

PIPER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit can be a
Piper. Add 1 to run and charge rolls for units that
include any Pipers.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD HANDGUNNERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

FREEGUILD CROSSBOWMEN

Freeguild Crossbowmen

The crossbow is a favoured weapon of Freeguild marksmen. Easy to master and
capable of punching through steel plate, a unit of trained sharpshooters armed with
such a weapon can pepper their quarry with a lethal hail of bolts.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Freeguild Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Dagger

Range

24"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

4+

3+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Freeguild Crossbowmen has any
number of models, each armed with a Freeguild
Crossbow and Dagger.

MARKSMAN : 1 model in this unit can be a
Marksman. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
with this model’s Freeguild Crossbow.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

PIPER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit can be a
Piper. Add 1 to run and charge rolls for units that
include any Pipers.

ABILITIES
Reload, Fire!: Crossbowmen rely upon massed
hails of bolts to overwhelm their enemies.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Freeguild Crossbows if it has 10 or more models,
there are no enemy models within 3" of this
unit, and this unit has not made a move in the
same turn.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, FREEGUILD, FREEGUILD CROSSBOWMEN

WARSCROLL

FLAGELLANTS

Flagellants

Entirely consumed by their zealous faith in the God-King, these holy warriors long for
nothing more than to martyr themselves in battle. Armed with little more than clubs
and flails, they leap upon their foes in a frenzied mob.

MELEE WEAPONS

Castigating Flails and Clubs

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

5+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Flagellants has any number of models,
each armed with Castigating Flails and Clubs.

PROPHET: 1 model in this unit can be a
Prophet. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapon.

ABILITIES
Glorious Martyrs: Hymns are sung of the
venerated fallen, driving those who remain
into a righteous battle frenzy.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons if any models from this unit have
been slain in the same turn. Add 2 to the Attacks
characteristic instead of 1 if 5 or more models
from this unit have been slain in the same turn .

Fanatical Fury: These warriors race into the
fray without fear, striking down any that defy
the glory of Sigmar.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made
by this unit if it made a charge move in the
same turn.

Reckless Abandon: When all hope is lost, a
Flagellant will fling himself at the enemy with
reckless abandon, heedless of his own survival.

Each time a model from this unit flees, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of this unit and
roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DEVOTED OF SIGMAR, FLAGELLANTS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BATTLEMAGE

Battlemage

Masters of the arcane arts, the grizzled Battlemages of the Collegiate Arcane summon
lethal storms of magic to lay waste to their foes and shield their comrades from harm
with protective enchantments.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wizard’s Staff

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

1

4+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Battlemage is a single model armed with a
Wizard’s Staff.

ABILITIES
Magic of the Realms: Battlemages are as

varied as the Mortal Realms themselves, and
each knows how to harness the arcane might of
the land they call home.

When you select this model to be part of your
army, you must choose the realm that your
Battlemage comes from. You can choose from
the following realms: Aqshy, Azyr, Chamon,

Ghur, Ghyran, Hysh, Shyish or U lgu. Add 1 to

casting rolls for this model if the battle is taking
place in the realm it comes from.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells.

In addition, this model knows the spell from this
warscroll that includes the name of the realm it
comes from. For example, Battlemages that come
from Azyr know Chain Lightning.

Chain Lightning (Azyr): Lightning bursts

from the wizard’s fingertips and arcs towards
the enemy with crackling fury.

Chain Lightning has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. Then, roll a dice for every
other enemy unit within 6" of the original target.
On a 4+, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Shield of Thorns (Ghyran): At the wizard’s

command, crawling brambles burst from
the ground, forming a living barrier around
their allies.

Shield of Thorns has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, any enemy unit that finishes
a charge move within 3" of that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Transmutation of Lead (Chamon): As the

wizard gestures at their foes, their weapons
and armour become significantly heavier and
more cumbersome.

Transmutation of Lead has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, halve the Move characteristic of
the unit you picked, rounding up. In addition, if
that unit has a Save characteristic of 2+, 3+ or 4+,
you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target
that unit until your next hero phase.

Wildform (Ghur): The wizard transforms
their allies into swift-moving bestial forms.

Wildform has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 12" of the caster
that is visible to them. Add 2 to run and charge
rolls for that unit until your next hero phase.

Fireball (Aqshy): The wizard claps their
hands, conjuring a small orb of flame that they
hurl at the foe.

Fireball has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of the caster
that is visible to them. If the enemy unit has 1
model, it suffers 1 mortal wound; if it has 2 to 9
models, it suffers D3 mortal wounds; and if it has
10 or more models, it suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Mystifying Miasma (Ulgu): The wizard

creates a numbing fog that causes their foolish
foes to listlessly stagger and stumble.

Mystifying Miasma has a casting value of 4.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster that is visible to them. That
unit cannot run until your next hero phase. In
addition, subtract 2 from charge rolls for that
unit until your next hero phase.

Pall of Doom (Shyish): A cloud of terrifying

darkness pours forth and engulfs the
wizard’s foes.

Pall of Doom has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 2 from
the Bravery characteristic of that unit until your
next hero phase.

Pha’s Protection (Hysh): The wizard calls

upon the beneficent Guardians of Light to
protect their allies from harm.

Pha’s Protection has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks that target that unit
until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, HERO, WIZARD, BATTLEMAGE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BATTLEMAGE ON GRIFFON

Battlemage On Griffon

When mounted atop a furious, twin-headed Ghurish Griffon, an Amber Battlemage
can lay waste to their foes from afar or strike from on high in a vicious frenzy of
stabbing beaks and ripping talons.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Beaststaff
Twin Beaks
Razor Claws

2"
2"
2"

1
4

4+
3+
4+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

D3

2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-11
12+

Move

15"
13"
11"
9"
7"

DAMAGE TABLE

Twin Beaks

Razor Claws

3
2
2
1
1

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Battlemage on Griffon is a single model armed
with a Beaststaff.

ABILITIES
Amber Battlemage: An affinity with Ghur
runs through the veins of each of these mages.

MOUNT: This model’s Griffon attacks with its
Twin Beaks and Razor Claws.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this model if the battle
is taking place in Ghur.

FLY: This model can fly.

Two-headed: This Ghurish cousin to the
Azyrite griffon has two razor-beaked heads.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Twin Beaks is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on
the target instead of 1. Make a wound and save
roll for each hit.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield, Amber Spear and
Wildform spells.

Amber Spear: The wizard conjures a magical
amber spear that they hurl at the foe with
uncanny accuracy.

Amber Spear has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 point on the battlefield
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them
and draw an imag inary straight line 1mm wide
between that point and the closest part of the
caster’s base. Roll a dice for each unit that has
models passed across by this line. On a 2+, that
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Wildform: The wizard transforms their allies
into swift-moving bestial forms.

Wildform has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 12" of the caster
that is visible to them. Add 2 to run and charge
rolls for that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, BATTLEMAGE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Luminark of Hysh

LUMINARK OF HYSH

The Luminark of Hysh is a devastating arcane war machine, capable of focusing light
through its aetherquartz optics in order to unleash a beam of soulfire that vaporises
everything in its path.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Searing Beam of Light

MELEE WEAPONS

Wizard’s Staff
Arcane Tools
Steel-shod Hooves

Range

30"

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

See below

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1
4
4

4+
5+
4+

3+
5+
4+

-1
-
-

D3
1
1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Aura of Protection

Searing Beam of Light

10"
8"
6"
4"
2"

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

DESCRIPTION

A Luminark is a single model armed with a
Searing Beam of Light.

WHITE BATTLEMAGE: This model can

include 1 White Battlemage armed with a
Wizard’s Staff. If it does, this unit has the HERO
and WIZARD keywords. However, if it does,
the Look Out, Sir! rule does not apply to this
model, and any command traits or artefacts
of power only affect attacks made by the
White Battlemage.

CREW: This model has a crew of Acolytes
that attack with their Arcane Tools. For rules
purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

MOUNT: This unit’s Warhorses attack with
their Steel-shod Hooves.

ABILITIES
Aura of Protection: Luminarks of Hysh are
surrounded by a protective magical aura.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a friendly CITIES OF SIGMAR
model within range of the Aura of Protection
ability of any friendly LUMINARKS OF HYSH. On
a 6+, that wound or mortal wound is negated.
The range of the Aura of Protection ability for
this model is shown on the damage table above.

LUMINARK OF HYSH

Locus of Hysh: The light of Hysh fills the
minds of spellcasters nearby, allowing them to
utter words of unbinding with pristine clarity.

Add 1 to unbinding rolls for friendly

COLLEGIATE ARCANE WIZARDS wholly within

12" of any friendly LUMINARKS OF HYSH.

Searing Beam of Light: As interlocking lenses
of aetherquartz click into place, a beam of
blinding white light burns forth to immolate
all before it.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with this model’s Searing Beam of Light.
Instead, pick 1 point on the battlefield within
range of this model’s Searing Beam of Light that
is visible to this model and draw an imag inary
straight line 1mm wide between that point and
the closest part of this model’s base. Roll a dice
for each unit that has models passed across by
this line. For each roll that is equal to or greater
than the Searing Beam of Light value shown on
this model’s damage table, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

White Battlemage: These arcane experts have
mastered the magical winds of Hysh.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this model if the battle
is taking place in Hysh.

MAGIC

A White Battlemage is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield, Burning Gaze
and Pha’s Protection spells.

Burning Gaze: Bolts of burning light fly from
the wizard’s eyes, searing all that they touch.

Burning Gaze has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
that is visible to the caster. That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. Double the number of wounds
inflicted if that unit has 10 or more models, or
triple the number of wounds inflicted if that unit
has 20 or more models.

Pha’s Protection: The wizard calls upon the
benevolent Guardians of Light to protect their
allies from harm.

Pha’s Protection has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks that target that unit
until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, LUMINARK OF HYSH

LUMINARK OF HYSH WITH WHITE BATTLEMAGE

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, HERO, WIZARD, LUMINARK OF HYSH

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

CELESTIAL HURRICANUM

Celestial Hurricanum

One of the most complex and deadly creations of the Collegiate, the Celestial
Hurricanum is a gigantic arcane orrery that can summon a furious magical storm to
lay waste to enemy warriors.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Storm of Shemtek

MELEE WEAPONS

Wizard’s Staff
Arcane Tools
Steel-shod Hooves

Range

18"

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

See below

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1
4
4

4+
5+
4+

3+
5+
4+

-1
-
-

D3
1
1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Portents of Battle

Storm of Shemtek

10"
8"
6"
4"
2"

3
2
2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Celestial Hurricanum is a single model armed
with the Storm of Shemtek.

CELESTIAL BATTLEMAGE: This model

can include 1 Celestial Battlemage armed with
a Wizard’s Staff. If it does, this unit has the
HERO and WIZARD keywords. However, if it
does, the Look Out, Sir! rule does not apply
to this model, and any command traits or
artefacts of power only affect attacks made by the
Celestial Battlemage.

CREW: This model has a crew of Acolytes
that attack with their Arcane Tools. For rules
purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

MOUNT: This unit’s Warhorses attack with
their Steel-shod Hooves.

ABILITIES
Celestial Battlemage: Natives of Azyr,

these wizards have an unrivalled affinity for
celestial magic.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this model if the battle
is taking place in Azyr.

Locus of Azyr : Fellow mages in the vicinity
of the Hurricanum feel their arcane
might strengthened.

Add 1 to casting rolls made for friendly

COLLEGIATE ARCANE WIZARDS wholly within
12" of any friendly CELESTIAL HURR ICANUMS.

Portents of Battle: Celestial Hurricanums
leak magical energy, granting nearby soldiers
visions of the imminent future that allow them
to land their blows with uncanny accuracy.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly
CITIES OF SIGMAR models within range of
the Portents of Battle ability of any friendly

CELESTIAL HURR ICANUMS. The range of the

Portents of Battle ability for this model is shown
on the damage table above.

Storm of Shemtek: A Celestial Hurricanum
can summon a magical storm to batter the foe
with the fury of the heavens.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with the Storm of Shemtek. Instead, roll
a number of dice equal to the Storm of Shemtek
value shown on this model’s damage table. For
each 2+, the target suffers D3 mortal wounds.

MAGIC

A Celestial Battlemage is a WIZARD. It can
attempt to cast 1 spell in your hero phase and
attempt to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero
phase. It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield,
Chain Lightning and Comet of Casandora spells.

Chain Lightning: Lightning bursts from the
wizard’s fingertips and arcs towards the enemy
with crackling fury.

Chain Lightning has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. Then, roll a dice for every
other enemy unit within 6" of the original target.
On a 4+, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Comet of Casandora: Reaching out to

the heavens, the wizard grasps a flaming
comet and sends it crashing down upon
the battlefield.

Comet of Casandora has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster that is visible to them and
roll 2D6. If the roll is less than or equal to that
unit’s Move characteristic, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. If the roll is greater than that
unit’s Move characteristic, that unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

CELESTIAL HURRICANUM

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, CELESTIAL HURRICANUM

CELESTIAL HURRICANUM WITH CELESTIAL BATTLEMAGE

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, COLLEGIATE ARCANE, HERO, WIZARD,
CELESTIAL HURRICANUM

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Sorceress on Black Dragon

WARSCROLL

SORCERESS ON BLACK DRAGON

Many Sorceresses go to war upon fearsome Black Dragons, delighting in the terror in
the eyes of their enemies as the scaled beasts spit clouds of choking black fumes and
rip their prey apart with sword-sized talons.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Noxious Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Witch Rod
Darkling Sword
Witch Lash
Fearsome Jaws
Razor-sharp Claws

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

6"

1

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
2"
3"
2"

1
3
1
3

4+
4+
3+
4+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

3+
4+
4+

3+

-1
-
-
-2
-1

D3
1
1
D6
2

Fearsome Jaws

Razor-sharp Claws

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Sorceress on Black Dragon is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Witch Rod; or Darkling Sword. A Sorceress
on Black Dragon can also be armed with a
Witch Lash.

MOUNT: This unit’s Black Dragon attacks
with its Fearsome Jaws, Razor-sharp Claws and
Noxious Breath.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES
Blood Sacrifice: The Sorceress shows no mercy
as she slits the throat of a nearby thrall and
draws power from the blood that gushes forth.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
friendly DARKLING COVEN model within 3" to
be slain. If you do so, add 2 to casting rolls for
this model until the end of that phase.

Noxious Breath: The Black Dragon unleashes
a cloud of caustic, choking gas.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Black Dragon’s Noxious Breath.
Instead, roll a number of dice equal to the
number of models from the target unit that are
in range of the attack. For each 6, the target unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Bladewind spells.

Bladewind: The Sorceress summons a storm of
ethereal blades to slice her foes to ribbons.

Bladewind has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them and roll 9 dice.
For each roll that is lower than that unit’s Save
characteristic, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITIES
Command Underlings: The cold-hearted

rulers of the Darkling Covens wield absolute
control over their ensorcelled underlings,
commanding them to do their bidding.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly DARKLING
COVEN unit wholly within 12" of a friendly

DARKLING COVEN HERO with this command

ability. Until your next hero phase, that unit can
run and still shoot and/or charge later in the
same turn .

Inspire Hatred: Dark words of power spoken
by the Sorceress fill her underlings with an
unbridled malice that fuels their attacks upon
the enemy.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
DARKLING COVEN unit wholly within 12"

of a friendly DARKLING COVEN HERO with

this command ability. You can re-roll wound
rolls of 1 for attacks made by that unit in that
combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, SORCERESS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SORCERESS

Sorceress

Despots who rule over the Darkling Covens with unquestioned authority and cruel
cunning, Sorceresses wield dark and terrible sorceries that can blast the life from their
foes or wrack them with unimaginable agony.

MELEE WEAPONS

Witchstaff

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

1

4+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Sorceress is a single model armed with
a Witchstaff.

ABILITIES
Blood Sacrifice: The sorceress shows no mercy
as she slits the throat of a nearby thrall and
draws power from the blood that gushes forth.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
friendly DARKLING COVEN model within 3" to
be slain. If you do so, add 2 to casting rolls for
this model until the end of that phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Word of
Pain spells.

Word of Pain: The Sorceress utters a forbidden
name, wracking her foes with unbearable pain.

Word of Pain has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. In addition, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that unit until your
next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITY
Command Underlings: The cold-hearted

rulers of the Darkling Covens wield absolute
control over their ensorcelled underlings,
commanding them to do their bidding.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly DARKLING
COVEN unit wholly within 12" of a friendly

DARKLING COVEN HERO with this command

ability. Until your next hero phase, that unit can
run and still shoot and/or charge later in the
same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, HERO, WIZARD, SORCERESS

WARSCROLL

Black Guard

BLACK GUARD

These fanatical warriors guard the rulers of the Darkling Covens. Armed with ebon
halberds and clad in ensorcelled plate, they present an impassable and deadly obstacle
to any who threaten their ward.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ebon Halberd

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

ABILITIES
Elite Bodyguard: Those who stray too close to
a Sorceress in the guard of these grim warriors
will soon feel the taste of ebon steel.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
if this unit is wholly within 12" of a friendly

DARKLING COVEN HERO.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Black Guard has any number of models,
each armed with an Ebon Halberd.

CAPTAIN: 1 model in this unit can be a
Captain. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

DRUMMER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Drummer. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Drummers.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, BLACK GUARD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Executioners

EXECUTIONERS

These skull-masked killers are the most feared warriors of the Darkling Covens. True
virtuosos of slaughter, they have mastered the art of severing heads with every swing
of their curved Executioner’s Draichs.

MELEE WEAPONS

Executioner’s Draich

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

3+

3+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Executioners has any number
of models, each armed with an
Executioner’s Draich.

DRAICH MASTER: 1 model in this unit
can be a Draich Master. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

DRUMMER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Drummer. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Drummers.

ABILITIES
Severing Strike: Heads roll and crimson arcs
of hot blood spurt into the air as these warriors
swing their deadly blades.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with an Executioner’s Draich is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, EXECUTIONERS

WARSCROLL

Bleakswords

BLEAKSWORDS

Bleakswords leap into the fray in a blur of flashing steel. Wielding their duelling
swords with unnatural grace, they slice their foes to ribbons with an unstoppable
flurry of strikes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Darkling Sword

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bleakswords has any number of
models, each armed with a Darkling Sword.

LORDLING: 1 model in this unit can be a
Lordling. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Quicksilver Strike: These warriors seem to
move in the blink of an eye, unleashing lethal
ripostes and counter-strikes.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Darkling Sword is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on
the target instead of 1. Make a wound and save
roll for each hit.

Ranks of Cold Steel: The massed

ranks of the Darkling Covens fight with
deadly coordination.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
it has 10 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, BLEAKSWORDS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Dreadspears

DREADSPEARS

Dreadspear shieldwalls form the armoured core of the Darkling Covens’ armies. Fully
enthralled to the service of their masters, these cruel warriors fight and slay with
unnerving focus.

MELEE WEAPONS

Darkling Spear

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1

4+

4+

-

1

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

Description

A unit of Dreadspears has any number of
models, each armed with a Darkling Spear.

LORDLING: 1 model in this unit can be a
Lordling. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

Abilities
Coven Guard: These warriors are trained to
wait for the perfect moment before thrusting
their spears into the heart of the foe.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Darkling Spear is 6, that weapon has a Rend
characteristic of -1 instead of ‘-’ for that attack.

Ranks of Cold Steel: The massed

ranks of the Darkling Covens fight with
deadly coordination.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
it has 10 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, DREADSPEARS

WARSCROLL

Darkshards

DARKSHARDS

Armed with fast-firing repeater crossbows, formations of Darkshards unleash a
withering hail of iron-tipped bolts into their enemies, each volley piercing eyes and
puncturing hearts.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Repeater Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Cruel Dagger

Range

16"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2

4+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Darkshards has any number of models,
each armed with a Repeater Crossbow and
Cruel Dagger.

GUARDMASTER: 1 model in this unit can
be a Guardmaster. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with this model’s missile weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Storm of Iron-tipped Bolts: The skies darken

moments before the enemy below is shredded
by a volley of iron bolts.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this unit’s
Repeater Crossbows if it has 10 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DARKLING COVEN, DARKSHARDS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Warden King

WARDEN KING

Warden Kings are the leaders of the Dispossessed duardin, venerable fighters and
strategists who seek out the most fearsome enemy combatants and bludgeon them to
death with rune-carved warhammers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rune Hammer

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

4

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Warden King is a single model armed with a
Rune Hammer.

ABILITIES
Oath Stone: Carved with runes that tell of the
glorious deeds of their forebears, this relic stone
ignites the will of the King’s warriors with a
fiery determination.

In your hero phase, you can say this model w i l l
stand atop its oath stone. If you do so, until
the start of your next turn, this model cannot
move. In addition, until the start of your next
turn, do not take battleshock tests for friendly
DISPOSSESSED units wholly within 18" of
this model.

COMMAND ABILITY
Ancestral Grudge: Past insults are never
forgotten by the Warden Kings. There will come
a time when all slights are repaid in blood.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy
unit within 18" of a friendly HERO with this
command ability. Until the end of that phase,
add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of attacks
made with melee weapons used by friendly
DISPOSSESSED units that target that unit. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, HERO, WARDEN KING

WARSCROLL

RUNELORD

Runelord

Runelords have mastered the ancient art of rune-shaping. Through rituals of
hammercraft, they can unbind hostile magic or imbue the weapons of their kin with
fearsome killing power.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rune Staff
Forgehammer

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
2

4+
4+

3+
4+

-
-

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Runelord is a single model armed with a Rune
Staff and Forgehammer.

ABILITIES
Runes of Spellbreaking: Runelords dampen

the magic of their enemies with ancient sigils
of unbinding.

This model can attempt to dispel 1 endless spell
in your hero phase and attempt to unbind 1 spell
in the enemy hero phase. Add 2 to dispelling and
unbinding rolls for this model.

Rune Lore: Calling upon the latent magic
of runic engravings, Runelords imbue the
weapons and armour of their kin with
ancient power.

In your hero phase, this model can chant 1 of
the following prayers. If it does so, pick 1 of the
prayers and then make a prayer roll by rolling a
dice. On a 1, the prayer is not answered. On a 2+,
the prayer is answered.

Ancestral Shield: Pick 1 friendly DISPOSSESSED
unit wholly within 12" of this model. Until the
start of your next hero phase, roll a dice each
time you allocate a wound or mortal wound to
that unit. On a 6, that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

Forgefire: Pick 1 friendly DISPOSSESSED unit
wholly within 12" of this model. Until the start
of your next hero phase, improve the Rend
characteristic of that unit’s weapons by 1.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, HERO, PRIEST, RUNELORD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
1

4"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

Longbeards

LONGBEARDS

Longbeards are the oldest and most experienced duardin warriors, as evidenced
by their great, flowing beards and tendency to grumble on relentlessly about their
enemies and allies alike – even in the thick of battle.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ancestral Great Axe
Ancestral Weapon

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
1

3+
3+

3+
4+

-1
-

1
1

105

ABILITIES
Gromril Shieldwall: A wall of duardin-forged
steel is a nigh impenetrable barrier.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target a unit with Gromril Shields.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Longbeards has any number of models.
The unit is armed with one of the following
weapon options: Ancestral Great Axe; or
Ancestral Weapon and Gromril Shield.

OLD GUARD: 1 model in this unit can be a Old
Guard. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

MUSICIAN: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Musician. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Musicians.

Old Grumblers: Longbeards are always
grumbling about something, from the youth
of today not properly respecting their elders to
their enemies’ cowardly reliance upon magic.

In your hero phase, you can say that this unit is
grumbling. If you do so, pick 1 of the complaints
below. That complaint is in effect until the start
of your next hero phase.

‘I thought duardin were made of sterner

stuff!’: Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic
of friendly DISPOSSESSED units while they
are wholly within 12" of any units with
this complaint.

‘Put your back into it, beardling!’: You can re-

roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly
DISPOSSESSED units while they are wholly
within 12" of any units with this complaint.

‘Too much damned magic flying about these

days!’: A unit with this complaint can attempt to
dispel 1 endless spell in your hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, LONGBEARDS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
106

Irondrakes

WARSCROLL

IRONDRAKES

Armed with a terrifying array of heavy weaponry, Irondrakes overwhelm their foes
with torrents of flesh-melting flame and volleys of high explosive missiles, relying
upon mastercrafted gromril armour to fend off all retaliation.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Grudgehammer Torpedo
Drakegun
Drakefire Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Mailed Fist

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

20"
16"
8"

1
1
1

3+
3+
3+

3+
3+
3+

-2
-1
-1

D3
1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Irondrakes has any number of models,
each armed with a Drakegun and Mailed Fist.

IRONWARDEN: 1 model in this unit can be an
Ironwarden. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Mailed Fist. In addition, an
Ironwarden can replace their Drakegun with one
of the following weapon options: Grudgehammer
Torpedo; Drakefire Pistol and Cinderblast Bomb;
or a pair of Drakefire Pistols.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Blaze Away: Once in position, Irondrakes rain
unrelenting fire upon the foe.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
missile weapons if there are no enemy units
within 3" of this unit and this unit has not made
a move in the same turn .

Cinderblast Bomb: This weapon explodes in a
burst of shrapnel and flame.

Once per battle, in your shooting phase, a model
armed with a Cinderblast Bomb can throw it.
If it does so, pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of that
model and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

Forge-proven Gromril Armour: Missiles

bounce harmlessly off the mastercrafted
armour of these warriors.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this unit.

Grudgehammer Torpedo: These armour-

piercing warheads can bring down the
mightiest foes.

A Grudgehammer Torpedo has a Damage
characteristic of D6 instead of D3 if the target is

a MONSTER.

Paired Drakefire Pistols: With a pistol in each

hand, this warrior guns down the enemy.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Drakefire Pistol for models armed with a pair of
Drakefire Pistols.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, IRONDRAKES

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Ironbreakers

IRONBREAKERS

Ironbreakers are the elite guardians of the Dispossessed’s underground fortresses.
Clad from head to toe in impervious gromril and wielding masterwork axes and
hammers, they form an impenetrable wall against which the enemy is soon shattered.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Drakefire Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Ironbreaker Weapon
Mailed Fist

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

8"

2

4+

3+

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"
1"

2
1

3+
4+

4+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
1

107

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Ironbreakers has any number
of models, each armed with an
Ironbreaker Weapon.

IRONBEARD: 1 model in this unit can be
an Ironbeard. An Ironbeard can replace their
Ironbreaker Weapon with a Mailed Fist and one
of the following weapon options: Drakefire Pistol
and Cinderblast Bomb; or a pair of Drakefire
Pistols. In addition, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

DRUMMER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Drummer. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Drummers.

ABILITIES
Cinderblast Bomb: This weapon explodes in a
burst of shrapnel and flame.

Once per battle, in your shooting phase, a model
armed with a Cinderblast Bomb can throw it. If
they do so, pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of that
model and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

Paired Drakefire Pistols: With a pistol in each

hand, this warrior guns down the enemy.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Drakefire Pistol for models armed with a pair of
Drakefire Pistols.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, IRONBREAKERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HAMMERERS

Hammerers

Tasked with defending the rulers of the Dispossessed against all threats, Hammerers
pound out a rhythmic beat on the skulls of their enemies as they swing their heavy
weapons with bone-breaking force.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gromril Great Hammer

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

ABILITIES
Kingsguard: These warriors will fight for their
lords until the bitter end.

Do not take battleshock tests for this unit
while it is wholly within 12" of a friendly

DISPOSSESSED HERO.

Shattering Blow: A single strike from a
gromril hammer can pulverise the victim’s
ribcage or shatter their skull.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a Gromril Great Hammer is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Hammerers has any number of models,
each armed with a Gromril Great Hammer.

KEEPER OF THE GATE: 1 model in this unit

can be a Keeper of the Gate. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

MUSICIAN: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Musician. Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for units that include any Musicians.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, DISPOSSESSED, HAMMERERS

WARSCROLL

COGSMITH

Cogsmith

Grizzled combat engineers who know how to squeeze peak performance and killing
power from any war machine, Cogsmiths are also proficient warriors capable of
cutting down those who would interfere with their field repairs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Grudge-raker
Duardin Pistols

MELEE WEAPONS

Cog Axe
Gun Butt

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

16"
8"

D3
2

4+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-1

1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

4
1

3+
4+

4+
4+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Cogsmith is a single model armed with
Duardin Pistols and Gun Butt. In addition, it is
armed with one or both of the following weapon
options: Grudge-raker; or Cog Axe.

ABILITIES
Free Arm: Cogsmiths always keep a hand
on their weapons, ready to deal with any
incoming foes.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s missile weapons if it is not armed with a
Cog Axe. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
this model’s melee weapons if it is not armed
with a Grudge-raker.

Master Engineer: Extensive field repairs are
conducted by Cogsmiths in the heat of battle.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly

IRONWELD ARSENAL WAR MACHINE unit

within 3" of this model. You can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to that unit.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, HERO, ENGINEER, COGSMITH

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Gyrocopters

GYROCOPTERS

Small and nimble single-duardin fighter craft, Gyrocopters roar over the heads of
their targets in tight formation, strafing them with flames or flesh-melting steam
before wheeling away to begin another attack run.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Brimstone Gun
Steam Gun

MELEE WEAPONS

Rotor Blades

Range

16"
8"

Range

1"

Attacks

3
See below

Attacks

D3

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3+
3+

3+
4+

-1
-1

1
1

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

5+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Gyrocopters has any number of models.
The unit is armed with Rotor Blades, Guild
Bombs and one of the following weapon options:
Brimstone Gun; or Steam Gun.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES
Steam Gun: This weapon sprays the foe with
scalding vapour.

Before attacking with a Steam Gun, pick 1
enemy unit within 8" of the attacking model.
The Attacks characteristic of that model’s Steam
Gun is equal to the number of models from that
enemy unit within 8" of the attacking model. All
attacks made with that Steam Gun must target
that enemy unit.

Guild Bombs: Every Gyrocopter goes to
battle with a single payload of these volatile
blackpowder explosives.

Once per battle, after this unit has made a
normal move, pick 1 enemy unit and roll 1 dice
for each model in this unit that passed across any
models from that enemy unit. For each 2+, that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE, GYROCOPTERS

WARSCROLL

Gyrobombers

GYROBOMBERS

Gyrobombers are heavy assault aircraft equipped with racks of devastating bombs
that they rain on the heads of their targets, enveloping them in a deadly storm of
explosions and flying shrapnel.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Clattergun

MELEE WEAPONS

Rotor Blades

Range

20"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

4

4+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

D3

5+

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Gyrobombers has any number of
models, each armed with a Clattergun, Rotor
Blades and Grudgebuster Bombs.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES
Grudgebuster Bombs: Gyrobombers swoop

over the enemy lines, dropping a lethal payload
onto the hapless warriors below.

After this unit has made a normal move, pick 1
enemy unit and roll 1 dice for each model in this
unit that passed across any models from that
enemy unit. For each 2+, that enemy unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE, GYROBOMBERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

STEAM TANK

Steam Tank

Clanking monstrosities of steel and iron, Steam Tanks rattle across the battlefield,
blasting away at targets with their cannons and steam-spewing guns while grinding
yet more to paste beneath their metal-clad wheels.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Steam Cannon
Steam Gun
Long Rifle
Repeater Handgun

MELEE WEAPONS

Crushing Wheels
Sword or Rod

8"
30"
16"

1
2D6
1
D3

4+
4+
3+
4+

2+

3+
3+

-2
-
-1
-1

D6
1
2
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

D6
2

4+
5+

3+
4+

-1
-

2
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

2D6"
2D6"
D6"
D6"
D3"

Steam Cannon

30"
24"
18"
12"
6"

Steam Gun

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

COMMAND ABILITY
Target Sighted: From atop the turret, the
Commander directs the other tanks in their
division to let loose a thundering salvo upon
the enemy lines.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

IRONWELD ARSENAL HERO with this command

ability and 1 enemy unit. Until the end of that
phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks that target
that enemy unit made by friendly STEAM
TANKS while they are within 6" of that friendly

IRONWELD ARSENAL HERO. A unit cannot

benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

More Pressure!: Pumping pressure into
the valves and pistons of a Steam Tank
can improve its performance – but risks a
catastrophic backfire.

At the start of your hero phase, you can choose
to overpressure this model’s boiler. If you do so,
roll 2D6. If the roll is less than the number of
wounds currently allocated to this model, this
model immediately suffers D3 mortal wounds.

If the roll is equal to or greater than the number
of wounds currently allocated to this model,
until the start of your next hero phase, you can
add 2 to this model’s Move characteristic and
add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this model’s
Steam Gun.

Steel Behemoth: Enemy warriors are crushed
beneath the ironclad bulk of this war machine.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

DESCRIPTION

A Steam Tank is a single model armed
with a Steam Cannon, Steam Gun and
Crushing Wheels.

COMMANDER: This model can include 1
Commander armed with a Long Rifle, Repeater
Handgun, and Sword or Rod. If it does, this unit
has the HERO keyword. However, if it does, the
Look Out, Sir! rule does not apply to this model,
and any command traits or artefacts of power
only affect attacks made by the Commander.

ABILITIES
Bouncing Cannon Balls: Large blocks

of enemy troops are prime targets for a
Steam Cannon.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this
model’s Steam Cannon that target an enemy unit
that has 10 or more models.

I’ll Fix It: Steam Tank Commanders are
known to make spot repairs during battle.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model if it includes
a Commander and has not used the More
Pressure! ability.

STEAM TANK

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE, STEAM TANK

STEAM TANK WITH COMMANDER

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE, HERO, STEAM TANK

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HELBLASTER VOLLEY GUN

Helblaster Volley Gun

A single Helblaster can mow down scores of enemy warriors. Its multiple barrels spit
forth a fearsome hail of metal shot and can even be fired simultaneously in order to
increase the weapon’s killing power.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Volley of Shots (1 Deck)
Volley of Shots (2 Decks)
Volley of Shots (3 Decks)

MELEE WEAPONS

Crew’s Tools

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

24"
24"
24"

D6
2D6
3D6

4+
4+
4+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

1
1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

3

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A Helblaster Volley Gun consists of a Volley Gun
and a crew of three Ironweld Crew. The Volley
Gun is armed with a Volley of Shots, while the
Ironweld Crew are armed with Crew’s Tools.

The Volley Gun and its crew are treated as a
single model, using the characteristics given
above. The crew must remain within 1" of the
Volley Gun.

ABILITIES
Point Blank: At close range, avoiding the
massive amounts of firepower unleashed by
this war machine becomes nigh impossible.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s missile weapons that target an enemy
unit wholly within 12" of this model.

Helblaster Volley: It is possible for the crew
to load all of the Volley Gun’s decks to deliver
a devastating round of fire upon the enemy;
however, doing so risks the weapon jamming.

Before attacking with a Volley of Shots, choose
either the 1 Deck, 2 Decks or 3 Decks missile
weapon characteristics for that shooting attack.
However, if the roll to determine the Attacks
characteristic includes a double, this model
cannot shoot in that phase and instead suffers 1
mortal wound.

Working Like Clockwork: Ironweld Engineers

know just how to tinker with Volley Guns to
ensure they work at maximum efficiency and
do not jam in the heat of battle.

You can re-roll any dice when rolling to
determine the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s Volley of Shots if this model is within 3"

of a friendly IRONWELD ARSENAL ENGINEER.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE,
HELBLASTER VOLLEY GUN

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

112

7

3"

5

4+

HELSTORM ROCKET BATTERY

Helstorm Rocket Battery

Imprecise yet utterly terrifying weapons, Helstorm Rocket Batteries fire off intense
volleys of screaming missiles that rain down amidst the ranks of the enemy, blasting
them into shreds.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Helstorm Rocket Salvo

MELEE WEAPONS

Crew’s Tools

Range

10"-36"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3

5+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3

5+

5+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Helstorm Rocket Battery consists of a Rocket
Battery and a crew of three Gunnery Crew. The
Rocket Battery is armed with a Helstorm Rocket
Salvo, while the Gunnery Crew are armed with
Crew’s Tools.

The Rocket Battery and its crew are treated as
a single model, using the characteristics given
above. The crew must remain within 1" of the
Rocket Battery.

ABILITIES
Rocket Salvo: A relentless bombardment of
rockets rains down upon the enemy, detonating
in a series of blossoming fireballs.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Helstorm Rocket Salvo if all of the
attacks made by that Helstorm Rocket Salvo in
the same phase target the same enemy unit.

Calculated Trajectory: Ironweld engineers are

excellent judges of wind speed, orientation and
other factors, and they can vastly improve a
Rocket Battery’s chances of hitting the foe.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with this model’s Helstorm Rocket Salvo if this
model is within 3" of a friendly IRONWELD

ARSENAL ENGINEER.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, HUMAN, CITIES OF SIGMAR, IRONWELD ARSENAL, WAR MACHINE,
HELSTORM ROCKET BATTERY

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ANOINTED

Anointed

Commanders of the Phoenix Guard, the Anointed have been granted the blessing of
the Ur-Phoenix. They march through the thickest storms of enemy magic without
injury, before sweeping their foes aside with gleaming halberds.

MELEE WEAPONS

Great Phoenix Halberd

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

4

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Anointed is a single model armed with a
Great Phoenix Halberd.

ABILITIES
Blessing of the Ur-Phoenix: Motes of

elemental magic sparkle about this warrior,
protecting them from harm.

This model can attempt to dispel 1 endless spell
in your hero phase and attempt to unbind 1 spell
in the enemy hero phase.

Witness to Destiny: Incoming blows and

bolts of sorcery somehow contrive to miss
their mark.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 4+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

COMMAND ABILITY
Captain of the Phoenix Guard: Marked for

greatness by their deity, the commanders of the
Phoenix Guard can inspire their warriors to
acts of greatness.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HERO with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll wound rolls for
attacks made by friendly PHOENIX TEMPLE
units while they are wholly within 12" of
that HERO.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, HERO, ANOINTED

WARSCROLL

Phoenix Guard

PHOENIX GUARD

Each member of this elite band is a revenant warrior, reborn to safeguard the flame of
the Ur-Phoenix and lay waste to the servants of darkness. They go about this task in
grim silence, wielding their halberds with unmatched grace.

MELEE WEAPONS

Phoenix Halberd

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Phoenix Guard has any number of
models, each armed with a Phoenix Halberd.

KEEPER OF THE FLAME : 1 model in

this unit can be a Keeper of the Flame. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

DRUMMER: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be a Drummer. Add 1 to charge rolls for
units that include any Drummers.

Witness to Destiny: Incoming blows and

bolts of sorcery somehow contrive to miss
their mark.

ABILITIES
Emboldened: The will of these warriors
never falters in the presence of the Phoenix
Temple’s champions.

Do not take battleshock tests for this unit while
it is wholly within 12" of a friendly PHOENIX

TEMPLE HERO.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit. On a 4+, that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, PHOENIX GUARD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

FROSTHEART PHOENIX

Frostheart Phoenix

Some of the Ur-Phoenix’s spawn radiate the elemental power of ice. Surrounded by a
freezing aura that slows nearby foes to a crawl, these Frostheart Phoenixes strike from
on high with deadly force, ripping and tearing their prey to pieces.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ice-cold Talons
Great Phoenix Halberd

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
2"

4

3+
3+

3+
3+

-1
-1

2
1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

16"
14"
12"
10"
8"

DAMAGE TABLE

Ice-cold Talons

Blizzard Aura

8
6
5
4
3

9"
6"
3"
2"
1"

COMMAND ABILITY
Captain of the Phoenix Guard: Marked for

greatness by their deity, the commanders of the
Phoenix Guard can inspire their warriors to
acts of greatness.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

FROSTHEART PHOENIX that includes an

Anointed. Until the end of that phase, you can
re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by friendly
PHOENIX TEMPLE units that are wholly within

12" of that FROSTHEART PHOENIX.

DESCRIPTION

A Frostheart Phoenix is a single model armed
with Ice-cold Talons.

ANOINTED: This model can included 1
Anointed armed with a Great Phoenix Halberd.
If it does, this model has the HERO keyword.
However, if it does, any command traits or
artefacts of power only affect attacks made by
the Anointed.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES
Attuned to Magic: The spawn of the

Ur-Phoenix are imbued with potent
magical energy.

In your hero phase, if a friendly WIZARD
within 12" of this model casts a spell that is not
unbound, this model is imbued with magical
energy until the start of your next hero phase.
Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this
model while it is imbued with magical energy
(this ability can never add more than 1 to the
save roll).

Blizzard Aura: The chilling aura given off by a
Frostheart Phoenix encases nearby foes in ice,
slowing them and restricting their movement.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by enemy units within
range of the Blizzard Aura ability of any
friendly models. The range of the Blizzard Aura
ability for this model is shown on the damage
table above.

Witness to Destiny: Incoming blows and

bolts of sorcery somehow contrive to miss
their mark.

If this model includes an Anointed, roll a dice
each time you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this model. On a 4+, that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

FROSTHEART PHOENIX

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, MONSTER, FROSTHEART PHOENIX

ANOINTED ON FROSTHEART PHOENIX

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, MONSTER, HERO, FROSTHEART PHOENIX

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Flamespyre Phoenix

FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX

Trailing blazing streams of fire, Flamespyre Phoenixes sweep low over the heads of
their prey, engulfing them in a magical inferno. Even if brought low by blade or spell,
these creatures are reborn in a blinding burst of light and heat.

MELEE WEAPONS

Flaming Talons
Great Phoenix Halberd

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
2"

4

4+
3+

3+
3+

-1
-1

2
1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

16"
14"
12"
10"
8"

DAMAGE TABLE

Flaming Talons

Wake of Fire

6
5
4
3
2

5
4
3
2
1

COMMAND ABILITY
Captain of the Phoenix Guard: Marked for

greatness by their deity, the commanders of the
Phoenix Guard can inspire their warriors to
acts of greatness.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX that includes an

Anointed. Until the end of that phase, you can
re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by friendly
PHOENIX TEMPLE units that are wholly within

12" of that FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX.

DESCRIPTION

A Flamespyre Phoenix is a single model armed
with Flaming Talons.

ANOINTED: This model can include 1
Anointed armed with a Great Phoenix Halberd.
If it does, this model has the HERO keyword.
However, if it does, any command traits or
artefacts of power only affect attacks made by
the Anointed.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES
Attuned to Magic: The spawn of the

Ur-Phoenix are imbued with potent
magical energy.

In your hero phase, if a friendly WIZARD
within 12" of this model casts a spell that is not
unbound, this model is imbued with magical
energy until the start of your next hero phase.
Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this
model while it is imbued with magical energy,
(this ability can never add more than 1 to the
save roll).

Phoenix Reborn: In the fires of battle, the
Phoenix is born anew.

The first time this model is slain, before
removing it from the battlefield, roll a dice. On
a 1-3, this model is slain. On a 4-6, this model is
not slain, all wounds allocated to it are healed,
and any wounds that currently remain to be
allocated to it are negated.

Wake of Fire: Streams of flames follow in the
wake of this creature, engulfing the enemy in a
fiery inferno.

After this model has made a normal move, pick 1
enemy unit that has any models that this model
passed across and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit
suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to
the Wake of Fire value shown on this model’s
damage table.

Witness to Destiny: Incoming blows and

bolts of sorcery somehow contrive to miss
their mark.

If this model includes an Anointed, roll a dice
each time you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this model. On a 4+, that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, MONSTER, FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX

ANOINTED ON FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, PHOENIX TEMPLE, MONSTER, HERO, FLAMESPYRE PHOENIX

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

DREADLORD ON BLACK DRAGON

Dreadlord on Black Dragon

The feared warlords of the Order Serpentis delight in inflicting pain and terror upon
their foes. They ride to war on obsidian-scaled dragons that can lay waste to entire
armies with their dagger-like claws and foul, choking breath.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Repeater Crossbow
Noxious Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Exile Blade
Lance of Spite
Fearsome Jaws
Razor-sharp Claws

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

16"
6"

4
1

4+

4+

-

1

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
3"
2"

6
3
3

3+
3+
4+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

4+
3+

3+

-
-1
-2
-1

1
1
D6
2

Fearsome Jaws

Razor-sharp Claws

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Dreadlord on Black Dragon is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Exile Blade and Tyrant Shield; Exile Blade and
Repeater Crossbow; Lance of Spite and Tyrant
Shield; Lance of Spite and Repeater Crossbow; or
a pair of Exile Blades.

MOUNT: This model’s Black Dragon attacks
with its Fearsome Jaws, Razor-sharp Claws and
Noxious Breath.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES
Lance of Spite: The ensorcelled tip of this lance
can punch through the thickest armour with
contemptuous ease.

This model’s Lance of Spite has a Rend
characteristic of -2 instead of -1 and a Damage
characteristic of 2 instead of 1 if this model made
a charge move in the same turn .

Noxious Breath: The Black Dragon vomits
forth a cloud of noxious gas.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Black Dragon’s Noxious Breath.
Instead, roll a number of dice equal to the
number of models from the target unit that are
in range of the attack. For each 6, the target unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Paired Exile Blades: A Dreadlord can more

easily land a killing blow when equipped with
two swords.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with a
pair of Exile Blades.

Tyrant Shield: Strikes from the enemy
are effortlessly battered aside by this
impervious shield.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this
model if it is armed with a Tyrant Shield.

COMMAND ABILITY
Do Not Disappoint Me: Warriors who

serve a Dreadlord would rather die upon the
blades of the enemy than risk the ire of their
black-hearted master.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HERO that knows this ability. Add 1 to wound
rolls for attacks made by friendly ORDER
SERPENTIS units that are wholly within 18"
of that HERO. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, ORDER SERPENTIS, MONSTER, HERO, DREADLORD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

WAR HYDRA

War Hydra

Stoked into a killing rage by the goads and lashing whips of their handlers, War
Hydras lumber forward into battle, their multiple heads spitting flesh-melting gouts
of flame as they stomp and crush the enemy to bloody paste.

117

MISSILE WEAPONS

Fiery Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-sharp Fangs
Clawed Limbs
Cruel Goads and Whips

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

9"

3+

3+

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"
1"
2"

2
2

4+
3+
4+

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1
1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Fiery Breath

Razor-sharp Fangs

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-5
6-7
8-9
10+

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

6
5
4
3
2

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A War Hydra is a single model armed with Fiery
Breath, Razor-sharp Fangs and Clawed Limbs.

CREW: This model has a crew of Handlers that
attack with their Cruel Goads and Whips. For
rules purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES
Quick with the Lash: Scarred handlers lash
their whips to drive the war beast into a
terrible rage. They must be wary, however, for
the creature’s fury can easily be turned upon
its masters.

Before you make a charge roll for this model,
you can say that its Handlers are going to apply
the lash. If you do so, roll 3D6, remove 1 dice of
your choice, and then use the remaining 2D6
to determine the charge roll. However, if the
3D6 roll was a triple, this model suffers 1 mortal
wound and it cannot make a charge move in
that phase.

Sever One Head, Another Takes Its Place: It

is almost impossible to kill a Hydra, for they
regenerate wounds and regrow severed heads
at an alarming rate.

At the start of each of your hero phases, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to this model.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, ORDER SERPENTIS, MONSTER, WAR HYDRA

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

DRAKESPAWN CHARIOTS

Drakespawn Chariots

Drakespawn Chariots are fleet-moving war machines equipped with vicious scythes to
slice the limbs from passing foes and crewed by hunters who riddle their targets with
barbed bolts from their repeater crossbows.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Repeater Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Spear
Ferocious Jaws

Range

16"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

4

5+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2
4

3+
3+

4+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Drakespawn Chariots has any
number of models. Each Drakespawn Chariot
has a crew armed with a Barbed Spear and
Repeater Crossbow.

MOUNT: This unit’s Drakespawn attack with
their Ferocious Jaws.

ABILITIES
Scythed Runners: Vicious blades are fitted to
this chariot, carving apart anything that gets
in its way.

Each time a model from this unit finishes a
charge move, you can pick 1 enemy unit within
1" of that model and roll a dice. On a 2+, that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. If this
unit has more than 1 model, roll to determine
if mortal wounds are inflicted after each model
completes its charge move, but do not allocate

the mortal wounds until after all of the models in
the unit have moved.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, ORDER SERPENTIS, DRAKESPAWN CHARIOTS

WARSCROLL

DRAKESPAWN KNIGHTS

Drakespawn Knights

Cold-blooded Drakespawn make for formidable mounts, for not only do they carry
their lance-bearing riders towards the enemy with sure-footed speed, their fangs and
claws are sharp enough to tear through metal and bone with ease.

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Lance
Ferocious Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"

1
2

3+
3+

4+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Drakespawn Knights has any number
of models, each armed with a Barbed Lance.

MOUNT: This unit’s Drakespawn attack with
their Ferocious Jaws.

DREAD KNIGHT: 1 model in this unit
can be a Dread Knight. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to charge rolls
for units that include any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Lance Charge: As the Drakespawn thunder
across the battlefield, lances are levelled ready
to be driven deep into the enemy.

This unit’s Barbed Lances have a Rend
characteristic of -2 instead of -1 and a Damage
characteristic of 2 instead of 1 if this unit made a
charge move in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, ORDER SERPENTIS, DRAKESPAWN KNIGHTS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ASSASSIN

Assassin

There is no fortress, city or fortified war camp that the feared Shadowblade Assassins
cannot infiltrate, and few foes can hope to survive the potent poisons delivered by
their wicked daggers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Poison-coated Blades

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

6

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Assassin is a single model armed with
Poison-coated Blades.

ABILITIES
Deathshead Poison: Assassins utilise deadly
blends of venom to ensure their mark is slain.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack
made with Poison-coated Blades is 6, that
attack inflicts D3 mortal wounds and the attack
sequence ends (do not make a save roll).

Hidden Murderer: Concealed within a mass of
soldiers, the Assassin only reveals their identity
when they launch a killing strike.

Instead of setting up this model on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say
that it is set up in hiding as a reserve unit. If you
do so, at the start of a combat phase, you can set
up this model within 1" of a friendly CITIES OF
SIGMAR unit that has 5 or more models and a
Wounds characteristic of 1. If this model is not
set up on the battlefield before the start of the
fourth battle round, it is slain.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SHADOWBLADES, HERO, ASSASSIN

WARSCROLL

SHADOW WARRIORS

Shadow Warriors

Utterly dedicated to the eradication of their enemies, the cloaked killers known as
Shadow Warriors strike without warning, loosing a pinpoint hail of arrows before
closing to finish their quarry with cold steel.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ranger Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Coldsteel Blade

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

3+

4+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2

3+

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Shadow Warriors has any number of
models, each armed with a Ranger Bow and
Coldsteel Blade.

SHADOW WALKER: 1 model in this unit can
be a Shadow Walker. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with that model’s missile weapon.

ABILITIES
One with the Shadows: These warriors are

experts at ambushes and guerilla warfare.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place this unit to one side and say that it
is set up in the shadows as a reserve unit. If you
do so, at the end of your movement phase, you
can set up this unit anywhere on the battlefield
more than 9" from any enemy units. Any reserve
units in the shadows that are not set up on the
battlefield before the start of the fourth battle
round are destroyed.

Strike Unseen: From deep cover, the Shadow
Warriors draw a bead upon their quarry,
bowstrings taut, arrows knocked and ready for
the killing shot.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made
with missile weapons by this unit if this unit is
in cover.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SHADOWBLADES, SHADOW WARRIORS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
120

Dark Riders

DARK RIDERS

WARSCROLL

For those marked by the Dark Riders, there is nowhere to flee. These cloaked killers
gallop forth upon red-eyed shadowmares, levelling spears and repeater crossbows to
deal a fatal blow to their quarry.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Repeater Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Spear
Vicious Bite

Range

16"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3

5+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1
2

4+
4+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Dark Riders has any number of models,
each armed with a Repeater Crossbow and
Barbed Spear.

MOUNT: This unit’s Dark Steeds attack with
their Vicious Bite.

HERALD : 1 model in this unit can be a Herald.
Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with that
model’s missile weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to charge rolls
for units that include any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Murderous Charge: Driven home by the

momentum of their wielders’ charge, spears
thrust deep into the enemy’s flesh.

This unit’s Barbed Spears have a Damage
characteristic of 2 instead of 1 if this unit made a
charge move in the same turn .

Sow Terror and Confusion: Dark Riders

wage a war of terror and confusion, striking
at their enemy’s weakest points with
merciless precision.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 12" of any

friendly DARK RIDERS.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SHADOWBLADES, DARK RIDERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
121

WARSCROLL

KHARIBDYSS

Kharibdyss

A monstrous abomination dragged up from the Stygian depths of the deep ocean, the
Kharibdyss rampages across the battlefield, its fanged tentacles lashing out to clamp
upon heads and tear off limbs.

MELEE WEAPONS

Fanged Tentacles
Spiked Tail
Clawed Limbs
Cruel Goads and Whips

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"
2"
1"
2"

D6
2
2

4+
4+
3+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

3+

3+
4+

-1
-
-1
-

2
1
1
1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Fanged Tentacles

Spiked Tail

0-1
2-3
4-5
6-7
8+

7"
6"
5"
5"
4"

6
5
4
3
2

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

DESCRIPTION

A Kharibdyss is a single model armed
with Fanged Tentacles, a Spiked Tail and
Clawed Limbs.

CREW: This model has a crew of Handlers that
attack with their Cruel Goads and Whips. For
rules purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES
Abyssal Howl: These creatures let loose spine-
chilling roars when they scent the blood of
their prey.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units within 12" of any models with
this ability.

Feast of Bones: The grisly remains of the
enemy are snatched up and devoured by the
many-fanged maws of this terrible creature.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal D3 wounds allocated to this model.

Quick With The Lash: Scarred handlers

lash their whips to drive the war beast into a
terrible rage. They must be wary, however, for
the creature’s fury can easily be turned upon
its masters.

Before you make a charge roll for this model,
you can say that its Handlers are going to apply
the lash. If you do so, roll 3D6, remove 1 dice of
your choice, and then use the remaining 2D6
to determine the charge roll. However, if the
3D6 roll was a triple, this model suffers 1 mortal
wound and it cannot make a charge move in
that phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SCOURGE PRIVATEERS, MONSTER, KHARIBDYSS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLACK ARK FLEETMASTER

Black Ark Fleetmaster

Fleetmasters are rulers of the high seas, Corsair lords who command the marauding
Black Arks of the Scourge Privateers. Peerless swordfighters, they delight in seeking
out worthy foes against whom to test their ski l l .

MELEE WEAPONS

Black Ark Cutlass
Murder Hook

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

3
2

3+
4+

4+
3+

-
-1

1
1

Sea Dragon Cloak: These cloaks of scaly
hide protect the bearer from arrows and
other projectiles.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this model.

DESCRIPTION

A Black Ark Fleetmaster is a single model armed
with a Black Ark Cutlass and Murder Hook.

ABILITIES

Murderous Swashbuckler: Fleetmasters are

master duellists who carve their foes apart one
graceful strike at a time.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Black Ark Cutlass is 6, that attack scores 2 hits
on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITY
At Them, You Curs!: Under the command of
their captain, Scourge Corsairs slaughter the
enemy without mercy.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

SCOURGE PRIVATEERS unit wholly within

12" of a friendly HERO with this command
ability. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
unit’s melee weapons until the end of that phase.
A unit cannot benefit from this command ability
more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SCOURGE PRIVATEERS, HERO, BLACK ARK FLEETMASTER

WARSCROLL

BLACK ARK CORSAIRS

Black Ark Corsairs

Cruel-hearted and avaricious, Black Ark Corsairs are the footsoldiers of the Scourge
Privateers. Wielding a variety of lethal weapons, they thrive in the chaos of a swirling
melee, where their superior swordsmanship can be put to deadly use.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Repeater Handbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Wicked Cutlass
Vicious Blade

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

9"

2

5+

4+

-

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
1

4+
4+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Black Ark Corsairs has any number
of models. The unit is armed with a Vicious
Blade and one of the following weapon options:
Repeater Handbow; or Wicked Cutlass.

REAVER: 1 model in this unit can be a Reaver.
Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this model.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Flashing Steel: These warriors overwhelm the
enemy in a blur of slashing blades.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
it has 15 or more models.

Sea Dragon Cloak: These cloaks of scaly
hide protect the bearer from arrows and
other projectiles.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this unit.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SCOURGE PRIVATEERS, BLACK ARK CORSAIRS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SCOURGERUNNER CHARIOTS

Scourgerunner Chariots

Employed to chase down fast-moving prey, Scourgerunner Chariots are swift and
deadly war machines armed with a deadly harpoon launcher that can cripple even the
most fearsome monster.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ravager Harpoon
Repeater Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Hook-spear
Vicious Bite

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

18"
16"

2
4

3+
5+

3+
4+

-1
-

D3
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"

2
4

4+
4+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Scourgerunner Chariots has any
number of models. Each Scourgerunner Chariot
has a crew armed with a Hook-spear, Ravager
Harpoon and Repeater Crossbow.

MOUNT: This unit’s Dark Steeds attack with
their Vicious Bite.

HIGH BEASTMASTER: 1 model in this unit

can be a High Beastmaster. Add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made with that model’s missile weapons.

ABILITIES
Lay the Beast Low: Loosed by a keen-eyed aelf,
a harpoon sails through the air and sinks deep
into its target’s vital organs.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Ravager Harpoon is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, SCOURGE PRIVATEERS, SCOURGERUNNER CHARIOTS

WARSCROLL

Nomad Prince

NOMAD PRINCE

It is the task of the Nomad Princes to lead the hosts of the Wanderers against their
many enemies. Masters of forest and fen, they guide their kin along ancient paths to
battle, directing their arrows and blades to purge the corrupted and the unclean.

MELEE WEAPONS

Starlight Spear

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

4

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A Nomad Prince is a single model armed with a
Starlight Spear.

ABILITIES
Harrying Bird of Prey: The Princes of the

forest train hunting hawks to scout ahead
of their armies and pluck out the eyes of
unsuspecting foes.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy HERO
within 16" of this model. Until your next hero
phase, subtract 1 from casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for that model, and subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks made by that model.

COMMAND ABILITY
Lord of the Deepwood Host: Nomad Princes

command the forest armies of the Wanderers
with great cunning and merciless aggression.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your shooting phase or at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HERO with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by friendly WANDERER units while they are
wholly within 12" of that HERO. A unit cannot
benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, HERO, NOMAD PRINCE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Eternal Guard

ETERNAL GUARD

The grim warriors of the Eternal Guard safeguard the nomadic paths of the
Wanderers, slaying anything that threatens the survival of their kindred with thrusts
from their deadly spear-staves.

MELEE WEAPONS

Spear-stave

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

2

3+

4+

-

1

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Eternal Guard has any number of
models, each armed with a Spear-stave.

ETERNAL WARDEN: 1 model in this unit
can be an Eternal Warden. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

ABILITIES
Fortress of Boughs: Eternal Guard are

skilled at deflecting enemy strikes, forming an
impenetrable wall.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this
unit if this unit has not made a move in the
same turn .

Form Fortress of Boughs: The Eternal Guard

form into a phalanx, their spears thrusting and
cutting with graceful yet disciplined efficiency.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made by
this unit if this unit has not made a move in the
same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, ETERNAL GUARD

WARSCROLL

WILDWOOD RANGERS

Wildwood Rangers

Wildwood Rangers are tasked with hunting and slaying those monstrous
abominations that despoil the majesty of nature. It is a calling that they carry out
swiftly and brutally with their curved draich blades.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ranger’s Draich

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Wildwood Rangers has any number of
models, each armed with a Ranger’s Draich.

WILDWOOD WARDEN: 1 model in this unit
can be a Wildwood Warden. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Guardians of the Kindred: The Wildwood

Rangers track and slay the monstrous creatures
that despoil the woods of the realms.

A Ranger’s Draich has a Damage characteristic of
2 instead of 1 if the target is a MONSTER.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, WILDWOOD RANGERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Wild Riders

WILD RIDERS

Wild Riders are vengeful fey warriors that bound into battle upon mystical steeds.
They display a reckless indifference to danger as they direct their mounts to trample
and gore the enemy while stabbing out with hunting spears.

MELEE WEAPONS

Hunting Spear
Antlers and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"

2
2

3+
4+

4+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Wild Riders has any number of models,
each armed with a Hunting Spear.

MOUNT: This unit’s Fey Steeds attack with
their Antlers and Hooves.

WILD HUNTER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Wild Hunter. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Hunting Spear.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES
Unbound Fury: These warriors embody
nature’s vengeful wrath.

This unit’s Hunting Spears have a Rend
characteristic of -2 instead of -1 and a Damage
characteristic of 2 instead of 1 if this unit made a
charge move in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, WILD RIDERS

Sisters of The Watch

WARSCROLL

SISTERS OF THE WATCH

There are few finer sharpshooters in the realms than the Sisters of the Watch, warriors
dedicated to protecting the ancient ley lines of the realms. Their enchanted bows loose
not arrows of wood and iron but bolts of flaming arcane energy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Watch Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Ithilmar Sword

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

3+

3+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Sisters of the Watch has any number
of models, each armed with a Watch Bow and
Ithilmar Sword.

HIGH SISTER: 1 model in this unit can be a
High Sister. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s missile weapon.

ABILITIES
Eldritch Arrows: These magical bolts of blue-
white fire engulf their targets in flame.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a Watch Bow is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Loose Until the Last: As the enemy close

in, these warriors hold fast, loosing a final
devastating volley.

Once per turn, if an enemy unit ends a charge

move within 3" of this unit and there are no
other enemy units within 3" of this unit, this unit
can shoot.

Quicksilver Shot: The martial discipline of
these proud warriors is something to be feared
as they unleash an endless hail of arrows.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Watch Bows if there are no enemy models within
3" of this unit and this unit has not made a move
in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, SISTERS OF THE WATCH

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

126

2

12"

7

5+

SISTERS OF THE THORN

Sisters of The Thorn

The Sisters of the Thorn are a fellowship of arcane warriors who summon the fury
of the wilds to obliterate the enemies of nature even as they hurl deadly volleys of
blackbriar javelins with uncanny accuracy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Blackbriar Javelin

MELEE WEAPONS

Deepwood Coven Staff
Antlers and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

9"

2

4+

4+

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"
1"

1
2

4+
4+

4+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

MAGIC

This unit is a WIZARD while it has 2 or more
models. It can attempt to cast 1 spell in your hero
phase and attempt to unbind 1 spell in the enemy
hero phase. It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic
Shield and Armour of Thorns spells.

A unit of Sisters of the Thorn has any number
models, each armed with a Deepwood Coven
Staff and Blackbriar Javelin.

MOUNT: This unit’s Fey Steeds attack with
their Antlers and Hooves.

HANDMAIDEN OF THE THORN: 1 model

in this unit can be a Handmaiden of the Thorn.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
model’s Deepwood Coven Staff.

STANDARD BEARER : 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of units that include any
Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for units that include
any Hornblowers.

Armour of Thorns: The Sisters cause crawling
brambles to burst from the ground and form a
living barrier around their allies.

Armour of Thorns has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly WANDERERS
unit wholly within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them. Until that unit moves, that unit is
treated as being in cover.

In addition, until that unit moves, if the
unmodified save roll for an attack made with
a melee weapon that targets that unit is 6, the
attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound after all of
its attacks have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, AELF, CITIES OF SIGMAR, WANDERER, WIZARD, SISTERS OF THE THORN

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to
take a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger
units are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied
their size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum
sized unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit
that has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Cities of Sigmar army.
Updated October 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date
or no publication date.

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

CITIES OF SIGMAR

WARSCROLL

Helblaster Volley Gun
Helstorm Rocket Battery
Bleakswords
Darkshards
Dreadspears
Eternal Guard
Freeguild Crossbowmen
Freeguild Guard
Freeguild Handgunners
Ironbreakers
Longbeards
Celestial Hurricanum
Flamespyre Phoenix
Frostheart Phoenix

Kharibdyss

Luminark of Hysh

Steam Tank

War Hydra

Anointed
Assassin
Battlemage
Black Ark Fleetmaster
Cogsmith
Freeguild General
Nomad Prince
Runelord
Sorceress
Warden King
Anointed on Flamespyre Phoenix
Anointed on Frostheart Phoenix
Battlemage on Griffon
Celestial Hurricanum with Celestial
Battlemage
Dreadlord on Black Dragon
Freeguild General on Griffon
Luminark of Hysh with White
Battlemage
Sorceress on Black Dragon
Steam Tank with Commander

1
1
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
1
1
1

1

1

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1
1

1

1
1

1
1
40
40
40
30
30
40
30
30
30
1
1
1

1

1

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1
1

1

1
1

120
130
90/320
100
90/320
130/330
100
80/280
100
130/330
110/270
220
200
220

170

210

200

170

100
80
90
60
60
100
120
90
90
110
300
320
300

280

300
320

270

300
250

Ar t i l lery
Ar t i l lery
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth

Behemoth

Behemoth

Behemoth

Behemoth

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Battleline in an

ANVILGARD army

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is a STEAM TANK
HERO

Battleline in an

ANVILGARD army

Battleline in a Cities
of Sigmar army if
general is SCOURGE

PRIVATEERS

Black Ark Corsairs

10

40

80/280

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
FACTION

ALLIES

Cities of Sigmar

Daughters of Khaine, Fyreslayers, Idoneth Deepkin, Kharadron Overlords (except in a Tempest’s
Eye army), Sylvaneth (except in a Living City army or a Greywater Fastness army).

CITIES OF SIGMAR

UNIT SIZE

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

WARSCROLL

MIN

MAX

Black Guard

10

30

140

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is DARKLING COVEN

Dark Riders

5

20

110/360

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is SHADOWBLADES

Demigryph Knights

3

12

180

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is FREEGUILD

Drakespawn Chariots

1

3

80/210

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is ORDER SERPENTIS

Drakespawn Knights

5

20

170

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is ORDER SERPENTIS

Executioners

10

30

130/330

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is DARKLING COVEN

Flagellants

10

40

80/280

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is HUMAN

Freeguild Greatswords

10

30

160/420

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is FREEGUILD

Freeguild Outriders

5

20

100

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is TEMPEST ’S EYE

Freeguild Pistoliers

5

20

100

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is TEMPEST ’S EYE

Gyrobombers
Gyrocopters

1
1

3
3

80/210
70/180

Hammerers

10

30

140/360

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is DISPOSSESSED

Irondrakes

10

30

150

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is DUARDIN

Phoenix Guard

10

30

160/420

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is PHOENIX TEMPLE

Scourgerunner Chariots

1

3

60/150

Battleline in a Cities
of Sigmar army if
general is SCOURGE

PRIVATEERS

Shadow Warriors

10

30

110

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is SHADOWBLADES

Sisters of the Thorn

5

20

130

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is WANDERER

Sisters of the Watch

10

30

160

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is WANDERER

Wild Riders

5

20

130

Wildwood Rangers

10

30

130

Battleline in a Cities of
Sigmar army if general

is WANDERER

Aetherguard Windrunners
Charrwind Beasthunters
Greywater Artillery Company
Hammerhalian Lancers
Phoenix Flight
Viridian Pathfinders
Whitefire Retinue

-

-

120
120
120
140
130
140
140

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
D E STRUCT ION BATTLETOME:
ORRUK WARCLANS

With a mighty cry of ‘Waaagh!’, the warclans of the orruks shake the
Mortal Realms to their core.

Since the earliest days of the Age of Myth, the orruks have been
bashing up anyone and anything they can get their hands on. Brutal
Ironjawz clad in thick armour smash through the enemy with bellicose
joy, while the insane Bonesplitterz tirelessly hunt down the mightiest
of monsters. When these greenskins fight together under a powerful
boss, the resulting Big Waaagh! can unleash an unstoppable tide of
destruction.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY MONSTERS & MERCENARIES

Dangers abound throughout the Eightpoints. Dark forests and
shadowy caves conceal monstrous horrors, while across the land all
manner of deadly champions seek out new challengers to test their
blades against. Each day is a battle for survival, and in this realm of
endless carnage only the mightiest warbands can hope to prosper.
Those who achieve glory in battle may even be able to compel such
monsters and heroes to fight by their side, providing them with a
deadly edge in the brutal conflicts that rage across the land.

In pursuit of these a l l ies , warbands of a l l kinds – be they depraved
worshippers of Chaos, cursed heralds of Death, brutish followers of
Destruction or noble champions of Order – cross the lands on a l l
manner of deadly quests. They pass into the darkest places of the
Eightpoints in search of greater power, and hunt down the most
fearsome of monsters to bind to their cause. Many fail , and find
nothing more than a grisly demise in a beast’s stomach or at the tip
of a rival’s blade. Yet those who succeed become legends in their own
right, champions of battle and bloodshed whose deeds w i l l be spoken
of for evermore!

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
