
PAGEBREAK
In the wildest corners of every realm,
the Beasts
of Chaos gather for war. They are anarchy
given form, monstrous amalgams of animal and
man intent on tearing down the wonders of
civilisation and reducing the Mortal Realms to
ruin. Birthed from the warping taint of Chaos
and imbued with bestial
fury,
they stampede
towards
their foes in vast herds,
leaving only
horror and devastation in their wake.

For an age, the forces of Chaos ruled over
the
Mortal Realms. The armies of the Dark Gods
waged campaigns of terror and bloodshed
that brought reality itself
to the brink of
annihilation. When their victory was all but
assured,
the Heavens were opened and the God-
King Sigmar sent
forth his Stormcast Eternals.
Mighty warriors possessed of righteous fury,
they fought
for Order and justice, hurling back
the servants of Chaos on countless fronts. Once
again, civilisation began to flourish, and ancient
allies came together to make their stand against
the Dark Gods. Yet
the corruptions of Chaos
were deeply rooted, and many of the alliances
of old were beyond repair.

The Beasts of Chaos thrive in this time of
turmoil and war. Long have they lived in the
uncharted hinterlands, beyond the borders of
civilisation amidst
the untamed Chaos energies
that bleed through the veil of reality. Warped in
form and consumed by animal rage,
they look to
the nations of the other races with bitter hatred,
snarling at
the cities and fortresses that blight
the primordial
landscape. They are the bringers
of anarchy,
the true children of Chaos, who by
blade and bloody horn transform the Mortal
Realms into their savage hunting grounds.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

2

FROM THE WILDERNESS
THEY COME
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

. 4

ANARCHY
UNLEASHED .

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.42

PRIMAEVAL ORIGINS . . . . . . . . . 8

The True Children
of Chaos. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
The Way of the Beast. . . . . . . . . . . 12
Gor-kin Beastherds. . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Thunderscorn Beastherds
and Chaos Monstrosities

. . . . . . . 16

ANNALS OF ENTROPY . . . . . . . . 18

GATHERINGS OF
THE GREATFRAYS

. . . . . . . . . . .20

HIERARCHY OF
THE VILEHORNS . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21

LEGENDARY
DESECRATORS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

Allherd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Darkwalkers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Gavespawn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Skullfrays
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Twistfrays
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Rotfrays . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Slakefrays
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Beastlords . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
Great Bray-Shamans . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Beastmen. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Tzeentchian Beastmen . . . . . . . . . 32
Bloodgreed Brutes . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Dragon Ogors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Creatures of Chaos
. . . . . . . . . . . . 38

BREEDS OF CHAOS . . . . . . . . . . . 44

FURY OF THE WILD . . . . . . . . . . 52

PAINTING YOUR
BEASTS OF CHAOS . . . . . . . . . . .54

Step-by-Step Greatfrays . . . . . . . . 56

WARPATHS OF
THE BEASTHERDS .

.

.

.

.

60

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES. . . . . . 61

Battle Traits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Command Traits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Artefacts of Power . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Spell Lores . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
Allherd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
Darkwalkers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Gavespawn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Battleplan: Blood Swamp . . . . . . . 72

PATH TO GLORY . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74

Beasts of Chaos
Warband Tables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76

WARSCROLLS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .78

Marauding Brayherd . . . . . . . . . . . 78
Hungering Warherd . . . . . . . . . . . 79
Thunderscorn Stormherd . . . . . . . 80
Desolating Beastherd . . . . . . . . . . 81
Brass Despoilers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
Phantasmagoria of Fate
. . . . . . . . 83

Pestilent Throng . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
Depraved Drove . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Beastlord . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
Great Bray-Shaman . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
Gors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
Ungors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
Ungor Raiders
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88
Bestigors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88
Tuskgor Chariots . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89
Doombull
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89
Cygor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 90
Ghorgon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 91
Bullgors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
Centigors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
Dragon Ogor Shaggoths . . . . . . . . 93
Dragon Ogors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 93
Chaos Warhounds . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94
Chaos Spawn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94
Jabberslythe
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95
Cockatrice. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95
Chimera. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
Chaos Gargant . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97
Razorgors
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 98
Tzaangor Skyfires
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 98
Tzaangor Shaman . . . . . . . . . . . . . 99
Tzaangor Enlightened . . . . . . . . . 100
Tzaangors
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 101
Ravening Direflock . . . . . . . . . . . 102
Doomblast Dirgehorn . . . . . . . . . 102
Wildfire Taurus
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103
Herdstone . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 103

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .104

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Chaos Battletome: Beasts of Chaos © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2018. Chaos Battletome: Beasts of Chaos, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast
Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses thereof, are
either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-454-9

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
To the sound of savage war cries and the piercing blasts of brayhorns,
the Beasts of Chaos emerge
from the w ilds. They are creatures of pure anarchy, bent on carnage and rampant desecration.


PAGEBREAK
4

FROM THE WILDERNESS
THEY COME

FROM THE WILDERNESS
THEY COME

Beasts of Chaos are savage and twisted creatures that spread anarchy throughout the Mortal Realms. They are
hideous amalgamations of animal, man and monster, and when they emerge from the ancient wilds, they trample
entire civilisations to dust beneath their hooves.

The earth trembles as the beastherds
approach. Plants wither and rot,
animals are filled with instinctual
fear and the air grows thick with
the taint of raw Chaos energy. Then
the bloodthirsty braying begins.
The Beasts of Chaos emerge from
woodland knots and rocky outcrops,
bellowing their savage battle cries as
they fall upon their prey. With brutal
blades and vicious horns they hack
and gouge the flesh of their enemies,
crushing the works of smiths and
artisans to rubble beneath their
gnarled hooves. They are the true
children of Chaos, and through them
anarchy and ruin are spread across
the lands of the civilised races.

MANIFEST SAVAGERY

Beasts of Chaos are the malformed
progeny of the Dark Gods in
the Mortal Realms. Motley in
appearance and ferocious in nature,
some bear the strength of a savage
beast paired with the base cunning
of a human, whereas others are
mindless conglomerates of maws,
horns and perplexing appendages.

The most numerous Beasts of Chaos
are beastmen and bullgors, known
as gor-kin. Each has powerful
animalistic legs, a muscular
humanoid torso and a bestial head.
These creatures are inherently
deadly, with horns, hooves and
jagged fangs, and are also capable
of wielding axes, clubs and spears.
They are resilient to pain and fatigue,
and the coarse manes that bristle
from their leathery skin afford them
a degree of natural protection from
extremes of heat and cold.

Beastmen resemble the various
grazing beasts that populate the
Mortal Realms, albeit with the
teeth of predators and man-like
upper limbs. Large, curling horns
protrude from their thick skulls,

and manes of matted fur grow down
their necks and onto their shoulders.
Bullgors are similar in appearance
to the beastmen, only far larger and
possessed of monstrous strength.
However, as creatures of Chaos, the
beasts deviate greatly from place to
place and from herd to herd. Some
gors have horse-like heads or legs
similar to those of a jagupanther,
while bullgors may bear features
akin to a tusked mammut or a
rhinox. In some cases these bestial
creatures are even stranger, with
cephalopodic limbs or the heads of
spined mantises, and there are even
accounts of fish-headed gors and
shark-like bullgors that live deep
beneath the seas.

All Beasts of Chaos are savage
beyond comprehension, driven by
twisted instinct and a primal desire
to slaughter and despoil. But those
of the gor and bullgor breeds, as
well as the draconic monsters of
the Thunderscorn beastherds, are
also possessed of intelligence and
reasoning. While such traits would
ordinarily lead a culture to become
more ordered and civilised, only
the most malicious and destructive
of behaviours are expressed by
the Beasts of Chaos. They have the
capacity for reason, but only so far as
it allows them to enact ruin upon the
realms, and what intelligence they
have only serves the basest human
drives of greed, contempt, bloodlust
and rage.

The wild lands of the Mortal
Realms are the territory of the
Beasts of Chaos, and they have
dwelt in these places for longer
than can be remembered. At the
hearts of ancient forests, sprawling
barrens and primordial swamps
they have thrived for untold
generations, revelling in brutality
and deprivation. Abyssal canyons,
jag-peaked mountaintops,
fog-

enshrouded savannahs and fungoid
jungles – all such untamed places
are their stalking grounds. To many
of the races, the Beasts of Chaos are
the source of a superstitious fear of
the wilds, with fables having been
passed down from elder to child as
warnings not to stray beyond the
bounds of civilisation. In various
human settlements they are referred
to as hinterdwellers or wildwalkers,
while the Idoneth sometimes call
them the soulless ones.

Though their primal motives often
align, the Beasts of Chaos are unlike
the servants of the Ruinous Powers.
Where those god-following daemons
and mortals are driven to extend the
domains of the various Dark Gods
into the Mortal Realms, the Beasts
of Chaos are not beholden to deities,
and only entreat with them on rare
occasions. Instead, they seek to blend
the Mortal Realms and the Realm of
Chaos into a single anarchic whole,
eroding the divisions that separate
creatures, worlds and even gods,
until all of existence is reduced to a
lawless primordial wilderness.

ON THE WARPATH

Along the borderlands of
civilisations, the Beasts of Chaos
regularly roam in small herds,
raiding farms and hamlets to
slaughter livestock and those farmers
who foolishly stand against them.
A score of these feral warriors
can terrorise a whole village and
its surrounding lands for years,
butchering any who are brave,
foolhardy or desperate enough to
tr y and hunt them down in their
own territory. Though deadly, these
raiding herds are but a minuscule
portion of the creatures in the wilds.

Where they abound, the Beasts of
Chaos gather in enormous tribal
groups known as Greatfrays. The


PAGEBREAK
5

largest and most feared Greatfrays
are as old as the realms themselves,
and are spread out over regions that
would dwarf mighty empires. A
single Greatfray contains hundreds
of savage groups called beastherds,
each of which is a marauding army
unto itself, made up of scores of
individuals. There is no formal
organisation amongst these
raucous groups – such structure
is anathema to the true children
of Chaos. Instead, the strongest
and most cunning of their number
lead, fighting off all challengers
and violently asserting total
dominance over their brethren.
These alphabeasts are invariably
grizzled veterans, their many scars
and gruesome trophies giving hint
to the battles they have won and the
foes they have conquered.

Beastherds var y greatly in size and
composition, with the shape of each
being dictated by the tenacity of their
alphabeast and their preferred form
of savagery. Those containing only
the gor breeds are called Brayherds,
and have a preternatural skill for
launching vicious ambushes on
unsuspecting foes. Conversely,
those
beastherds consisting of the various
bullgors are called Warherds, and
tend to stampede directly towards
their enemies, smashing through
what defences can be mustered
before gorging themselves on the
bloody flesh of the fallen. The
Thunderscorn beastherds are those
composed of Dragon Ogors –
enormous draconic beings that come
down from their mountain domains
with the fur y of storms to level all
that stands in their path.

The gestalt savagery of a beastherd
acts like a clarion ca l l for all manner
of monstrously bizarre creatures.
Drawn by their degenerate instincts,
these horrendous abominations
emerge from places within the
Mortal Realms that are completely
drenched with Chaos energy. They
seek out a beastherd that they
can follow into battle, whereupon
they sate their inherent desire for
carnage. From cruelly mutated
Warhounds
that run in slavering
packs alongside the beastherds,
to corrupted Gargants that stride
over smaller creatures as they

thunder towards their prey,
to
those beasts that are nightmarish
fusions of myriad deadly body parts
held together by pure anarchic
energies – all take part in the
unbridled slaughter.

As one, the Beasts of Chaos surge
forth from their native territories to
ravage the civilised regions of each
realm, driven by an innate urge to
k i l l and despoil. When this happens,
the innumerable grotesque creatures
begin roving across the lands,
desolating settlements and leaving
trai ls of butchered corpses in their
wake. As mar t ia l forces in the region
move to stem the flow of blood,
the Beasts of Chaos travel along
unknown paths, through backwoods
and across uncharted badlands,
to outflank and encircle their
enemies. Bestial leaders possessed of
preternatural cunning wi l l steer the
creatures in their thra l l to rip apart
vast opposing armies piecemeal,
attacking from multiple directions
like a pack of Razorgors gutting a
herd of grazing anima ls. Similarly,

the most powerful alphabeasts
lead attacks that tear down whole
kingdoms, reducing to rubble ornate
palaces and arcane spires that have
stood for hundreds of years.

Wherever the Beasts of Chaos
rampage, anarchy and terror rule.
Their very presence draws Chaos
into the Mortal Realms, allowing
corrupting, mutative energies
to become embedded within the
landscape. Even when a beastherd
withdraws to the wilderness from
whence it came,
its desecrating
taint lingers long afterwards. In
ravaged farmlands, blood-watered
soil produces vegetation that sprouts
grotesque tentacular appendages.
In haunted mausoleums guarded
by the restless dead, arcane runes
etched into stone begin to erode
ever more rapidly. And in desolated
regions populated by greenskins and
ogors, war-steeds and livestock grow
to colossal size, and with frothing
rage devour the tribes that had
hunted them since the realms came
into being.

An eerie silence pervaded the mountain pass, filling Drennet
with a feeling of dread. She had never travelled this high into
the Vulcharc Peaks before, and in her fifteen years as a sergeant
in the Keep’s Guard had not spent more than a week outside the walls
of Eterris.
But when the bestial hordes appeared and the harvest fields went up in
flames, every thing had changed. Months of slaughter,
famine and fear
convinced the High Marshal to send for help. Drennet had volunteered,
and for ten days she and her two-dozen troops had clambered up the
jagged mountains, hauling the chestful of bullion with which they hoped
to secure aid from the mercenary Kharadron Overlords. The sky faring
duardin had sold their serv ices to the people of Eterris in decades past,
and Drennet prayed to Sigmar that they would again.
As Drennet trudged on, a loud clatter began to echo through the
ravine. She barked out an order and her troops grouped up, halberds
pointing in all directions. They could see what was causing the noise:
a mass of what looked like rubble was tumbling down the face of the
western cliff. But as the avalanche descended, the gruesome truth was
revealed. It was not made of rocks and boulders, but of the severed
heads of Kharadron mercenaries, still bound in their metallic helms.
As the heads hit the snow, the first braying war cries sounded, and
herd after herd of snarling bestial warriors began emerging from
cracks in the jagged crag. Drennet’s feeling of dread was replaced by
outright panic.
‘Hold fast!’ she shouted to her troops, then dug her heels deep into the
snow and braced for the oncoming crush.
In but a few shor t minutes, the mountain pass was silent again. All
that was left of Drennet and her troops was a heap of mangled corpses
and a chest full of wor thless gold.


PAGEBREAK
In the untamed wilderness of each realm, the Beasts of Chaos gather, coming together in teeming herds before
stampeding out into the civilised lands. Guided by hate-filled instinct and the indomitable w i l l of their alphabeasts,
they wreak untold slaughter and devastation, spreading anarchy and corruption across the Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
PRIMAEVAL ORIGINS

PRIMAEVAL ORIGINS

8

The Beasts of Chaos have existed since the dawn of the Mortal Realms. Their presence pre-dates the earliest tomes
of any scribe, and even oral traditions of the Greatfrays’ ancient atrocities have long ago faded from the memories
of the civilised races.

When the God-King Sigmar was
first awakened in the void, he found
the Mortal Realms already formed.
Travelling long and far through each,
he encountered primitive tribes of
humans, aelves and duardin, and
to them he brought the tenets of
order and civilisation. Guided by
his wisdom, they raised glorious
cities and crafted magic-wrought
wonders. This was the beginning of
the Age of Myth, a time of growth
and prosperity in which peoples
flourished and mighty empires were
formed. But for other entities, the
Age of Myth marked the end of their
own savage dominion.

The Beasts of Chaos had existed
amongst the wildernesses of the
Mortal Realms since long before
the God-King’s arrival. They had
thrived in this unformed time,
preying upon the primitive bands
of roving nomads and hut-dwelling
tribes that populated the realms.
Folk stories of the bloodthirsty and
brutal Beasts of Chaos varied from
place to place, but all were equally
redolent with terror. In caves and on
cliff faces, crudely daubed paintings
showed the orgiastic slaughters
perpetrated by the horned men,
and in ancient forests the branches
of undying trees were twisted into
effigies of gargantuan fanged bulls,
and rams wielding primitive stone
weapons. To the denizens of each
realm, the Beasts of Chaos were the
embodiment of their most primal
fears – nightmares of flesh and blood
that came to maim and k i l l.

With the progress brought about
by the awakening of Sigmar and
other deific beings from the world-
that-was, the unfettered savagery
of the Beasts of Chaos was at last
curtailed. Grand armies equipped
with glistening weapons and armour
marched against the bestial herds;
practitioners of magic wove awe-
inspiring spells to ward against the
twisted creatures and smite them
wherever they roamed; and Sigmar

and his growing pantheon of gods
set about cleansing the realms of the
ancient braying scourge, travelling
far and wide to slay the most
monstrous bestial champions.

But the Beasts of Chaos were not
eradicated completely. As sprawling
empires arose, the Greatfrays
withdrew to the savage hinterlands
of each realm. There they dwelt for
long centuries, biding their time
and only rarely venturing outward
to sate their lust for ruination, their
bitterness and hatred towards Sigmar
and his followers festering. Their
waiting at last came to an end when
the Dark Gods extended their reach
into the Mortal Realms and the Age
of Chaos was brought into being.

During the ensuing anarchy and
slaughter,
the Beasts of Chaos
emerged once more. Alongside the
mortal and daemonic servants of the
Chaos Gods, the bestial herds tore
down the grand pillars of civilisation
that had been built under Sigmar’s
reign. Those who did not flee before
the braying marauders were crushed
underhoof, their bodies mutilated
and their gore scattered across the
desecrated lands. Only when Sigmar
sent his Stormcast Eternals down
from Azyr were the murderous
rampages of the Greatfrays met
with resistance. In the Stormhosts,
however,
the Beasts of Chaos saw the
ultimate targets for their savagery
– pure manifestations of order that
they could shatter with axe and horn.

OF NATURE AND CHAOS

In each realmsphere, the wildest life
mirrors the elements of its magic-
drenched landscapes. Many Aqshian
animals have flame-red pelts or
ember-like eyes, and in Chamon,
metal-hued skins and scales are
common. This is even more true of

the Beasts of Chaos, for just as they
are both man and beast, they are
also both Chaotic and natural – a
gruesome fusion of warping energy
and the primal stuff of their realm.
In Ulgu, Beasts of Chaos may have
ink-black skin or manes like wafting
mist, while in Ghyran some sprout
pelts of tangled grass and horns
of knotted wood. Almost all such
creatures have body parts that can
be recognised as belonging to the
animals or peoples native to their
realm, yet the most disturbing
similarities exist in their basest
instincts. Just as the carrion flocks
of Shyish are driven to strip every
last scrap of flesh from their prey,
so too are the Beasts of Chaos who
dwell in that deathly domain; and
like the predatory kingdoms in Ghur
that are compelled ever to hunt, so
are the bestial stalkers that pursue
them equally relentless. In this way,
the Beasts of Chaos serve as a dark
reflection of the denizens of each
realm, a horrific mockery of their
very existence.

How the Beasts of Chaos came to be
in the Mortal Realms is unknown.
They were not created by the
Chaos Gods, for by the time the
Ruinous Powers sought to conquer
the Mortal Realms, the Beasts of
Chaos were already an ancient
evil. Indeed, some believe it was
the Beasts of Chaos that first drew
the Dark Gods towards the Mortal
Realms – as the Greatfrays of old
butchered and burnt their way across
the primordial
landscapes, their
animalistic revelries and savage rites
gave strength to the faint motes of
raw Chaos energy that had bled into
the fabric of each realm. It is said
that from these small punctures,
gaping wounds were torn in the veil
between dimensions, allowing the
warping essence of the nightmare
realm to be unleashed, and in turn
drawing the attention of the Chaos
Gods. However,
this is but one of
many theories regarding the origins
of the Beasts of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
LEGEND OF THE ALPHA PROGENITOR

Within scholarly ravings and tomes of eldritch lore there are many postulations as to the origins of the Beasts
of Chaos. One school of thought is recorded in the sprawling tusk-glyphs that dot the Prowling Valleys of
Ghur. The creators of these glyphs believed that every Chaos-twisted creature was a descendant of a single
beast that was spawned into existence at the moment the first warping rivulet seeped into the wild heart of
the realm. The monstrous offspring of this ancient primogenitor formed the original Greatfray, and by their
ferocity they spread throughout not only Ghur, but all of the Mortal Realms.

The fate of this first beast is not recorded in the glyphs, though it may once have been. Vast sections of the
arrayed tusks lie shattered, their marrow sucked out and their fragmented shards trampled into the mud.
Certain Ghurish tribespeople say the creature roams their realm still, believing it to be one of the colossal
godbeasts or the ever-hungering Ravenak. Many beastherds worship this mythical figure, calling it the
Gorfather, Sire of Ruin and countless other names. Those who hunt and despoil in the Prowling Valleys erect
enormous herdstones of living, braying rock, and to these effigies they offer their mutilated prey. After gorging
on offal and warm flesh, the herdstones begin to bulge, and from them are birthed new generations of bestial
creatures, continuing the rampant propagation started by their most ancient forebear.

9

FABLE OF THE WARPING WILDS

Across the Mortal Realms, there is a persisting belief that the Beasts of Chaos were once natural creatures,
and were only transfigured after the corruptions of Chaos began to bleed into existence. Before Sigmar was
awakened and his dominion imposed upon the lands, indigenous tribes were guided by primitive superstitions.
Hungry for order,
they looked to the changing of seasons, the processions of celestial bodies and the
unchanging cycles of life and death to find meaning. But amongst their numbers were those who gazed upon
the growing nodes of anarchic energy that had crept into their territories. These folk were stricken by prophetic
nightmares, gifted with magical powers or cursed by deformity. Some were cast out from their communities,
others chose hermitism of their own will, and others still remained amongst their kin and allowed their
deviations to spread. Over time, these peoples grew ever more wild, their bodies taking the shapes of feral
beasts and their minds devolving towards the basest and most animalistic instincts. Thus were the Beasts of
Chaos born. From these first generations, the vast majority of the mutated creatures were spawned. Certain
Azyrite seers claim that the powers of Chaos continue to warp the denizens of the Mortal Realms. In their
tomes, they record accounts from the Age of Chaos in which whole civilisations fled into the wilds to escape
the onrushing armies of the Dark Gods. After months, years or decades, these same nations returned in the
form of bestial herds to despoil their former homelands.

CORPOREUS CHAOTICA POSTULATE

Amongst the illuminated Hyshian texts collected in Sigmaron exist the works of ancient scholars who saw in
the Beasts of Chaos a fundamental reversal of the order of all things. These academics believed the monstrous
entities were the heralds of a great and inescapable unravelling,
insisting that creatures born naturally of the
Mortal Realms are bound by order : for as rhinoxen produce more rhinoxen, so too do humans beget humans
and duardin sire duardin. But in the Beasts of Chaos such innate separation of race is eradicated. Each creature
is a hideous mix of body parts, its flesh and bone melded into mockeries of natural forms. Adherents to this
theory believe such bestial fiends are not the progeny of Chaos, but its progenitor, created by those civilisations
that do not segregate themselves as nature intended.

Only a scant few copies of these texts survived the Age of Chaos. The isolationist kingdoms in which they
had been produced were known as the Refracted States, and distanced themselves from other nations within
Sigmar’s domain. They were among the first to fall when the forces of the Dark Gods surged into the Mortal
Realms. With no allies to call upon, their cities were quickly shattered, their scholarly works shredded, and
their peoples butchered. Those texts that did survive were collected into a single volume – the Corporeus
Chaotica. Passages from this work continue to be intoned by street preachers and doomsayers, and its tenets of
segregation can be found scrawled on the walls of Sigmarite cities in which peoples of different lands gather.


PAGEBREAK
The True Children of Chaos

10

THE TRUE CHILDREN OF CHAOS

Among the grotesque panoply of Chaos creatures, the Beasts of Chaos are unique. Their inherent ferocity is not
gifted to them by the Dark Gods, nor are they enslaved to the Ruinous Powers’ whims. Instead, they embody
Chaos in its purest and most anarchic form.

Even in the most civilised lands, the
lure of Chaos is strong. Promises
of strength and knowledge beyond
imagining have swayed the noblest
of mortals. Yet
to pledge oneself to
the Dark Gods is to invite utter and
inescapable damnation. With pure
intent, many righteous warriors
and virtuous mages have fallen
to abject savagery, giving up their
souls to gain great power, only
to slaughter the very people they
once sought to protect. Such is
the nature of the Chaos Gods – in
payment for the gifts they grant,
they demand nothing less than
unending servitude.

While the Beasts of Chaos view
the destruction wrought by the
Ruinous Powers with awe, they only
rarely pledge themselves into their
service. Those who do choose to
fetter themselves to one or more of
the Dark Gods are seen by their kin
as weak lings, for to the creatures of
the Greatfrays there is nothing more
valuable than inherent strength and
unbound ferocity. To entreat another
being for power, to grovel at the
hooves of a mightier creature in the
vain hope of being rewarded,
is an
abasement without compare. While
the creatures in each beastherd do
follow an alphabeast, the hierarchy
to which they adhere has only
as much strength as the braying
Beastlord or roaring Doombull
themselves, and lasts only as long
as this apex warrior can fight off
all challengers. But the reins of
the Chaos Gods can not be cast off
so easily.

Just as they look upon mortal
worshippers of the Dark Gods with
contempt, the Beasts of Chaos have
little regard for daemons, viewing
them as nothing more than slaves
to their creators. Though daemons
may be savage or cunning, they
are forever shackled, serving as
fragmented extensions of their
patron god’s deific will, slaughtering
only when and whom their master

dictates. Such an existence is
inimical to the pure anarchy sought
by the creatures of the wilds. To
them, service to the Chaos pantheon
only limits the bounds of their
ruinous fury, trammelling them
within the confines of another
being’s preferred cruelties.

In this way, the Beasts of Chaos
consider themselves to be the only
true children of Chaos, the mortal
embodiments of anarchy throughout
the Eight Realms. To them, the Dark
Gods are not the pinnacle towards
which they are tr ying to ascend, they
are merely entities of great power
that have each become trapped on a
narrow and confining path. A beast
that gives itself over to the Ruinous
Powers only denies itself the freedom
of pure Chaos.

The seasons have their order,

The night comes after day,

Not so the horned marauder,

The beastman of

the bray.

A creature without master,

A killer without cause,

A bringer of disaster,

By blade and bloodied jaws.

When come his hooves a’pounding,

You’ll hear the bestial call,

And with your screams resounding,

You’ll

run until you fall.

- Dirge of

the Desecrated Lands,

author unknown

A handful of beast breeds are
inextricably tied to the Chaos
Gods. The Tzaangor flocks worship
Tzeentch,
the god of sorcery having
given them avian form as well as the
ability to see the pasts and futures
of other beings. The Thunderscorn
beastherds are bound to serve all
the Ruinous Powers, having formed
a pact with the Chaos pantheon in
exchange for everlasting life. Yet
it is
rare that a Dragon Ogor wi l l beseech
the gods for gifts or blessings, instead
relying on their own monstrous
strength to devastate their enemies.

THE GREAT GAME

Though the Beasts of Chaos
seldom call upon the deities of
the warping realm, the Dark
Gods take much interest in the
activities of the Greatfrays. The
terror and destruction caused by
the stampeding beastherds spreads
anarchy far and wide, thinning the
veil between the Mortal and Chaos
Realms, and enabling the Ruinous
Powers to extend their wills further
into Sigmar’s domain. Yet
the desires
of the Chaos Gods are far from
unified. In fact, the Ruinous Powers
are as likely to war amongst each
other as they are to unite against a
shared foe. Over long ages, the power
and influence of each of the Chaos
Gods waxes and wanes as their
worshippers grow in number or are
slaughtered, and epoch-spanning
plans come to fruition or are
undone by others in their pantheon.
Consumed by bitter jealousy and
ancient rivalries, the Dark Gods
are locked in the Great Game for
supremacy,
in which nations, races
and even realms are but pawns in
their grand stratagems.

Whenever they are able, the gods
of the Chaos pantheon seek to
harness the innate ferocity of
the Beasts of Chaos, and bend
it towards furthering their own
desires. Khorne,
lord of slaughter,
sends legions of his daemons and
mortal worshippers into the wild
lands, there to stir up the fur y of
the beastherds. Whether the Beasts
of Chaos follow the armies of his
servants as they march upon the
civilised lands, or simply loose their
savagery upon them, Khorne cares
not – so long as the blood flows.

For Tzeentch – Architect of Fate and
Changer of the Ways – the Beasts of
Chaos are the perfect instruments
for upending the order of the
Mortal Realms. By visiting upon
Bray-Shamans visions of carnage
to come, or similarly manipulating
the commanders of other armies to


PAGEBREAK
11

seek out the Greatfrays in the wilds,
he brings about slaughterous wars
where confusion and anarchy reign.
The Beasts of Chaos thrive amongst
the growing pandemonium, allowing
Tzeentch to surreptitiously use them
as his agents again and again.

Nurgle – the putrid god of rot
and fecundity – treats the Beasts
of Chaos as tools with which to
till the uncorrupted soil of the
Mortal Realms. In the wake of their
stampedes do his fungal forests
grow, devouring the mangled
corpses of those who stood vainly
against the bestial creatures, and
mouldering over the ruins of
shattered cities. By seeding border
forts and impregnable citadels with
sickness and decay, Nurgle weakens
the barriers that hold the Beasts

of Chaos at bay, allowing their
rampages to continue unimpeded.

Only Slaanesh takes no part in
actively manipulating the Greatfrays.
Imprisoned by the aelven gods,
the Dark Prince of depravity and
obsession is kept from exerting his
perverse will. Yet
the very nature
of the Beasts of Chaos serves to
spread the captive god’s influence
throughout the Mortal Realms –
like true followers of Slaanesh, they
indulge their every twisted desire,
and revel without regard in their
sadistic excesses.

Despite the desire Beasts of Chaos
have to remain unshackled, a
champion wi l l on occasion devote
themselves to one of the Ruinous
Powers. This is done not through

spoken oaths or practised rituals,
but by indulging themselves solely
in the singular aspect of Chaos
embodied by that god. The creature
then receives gifts from their patron
– prophetic cunning, an unending
well of rage or perhaps an even
more savage array of mutations. A
beast thus transformed is typically
branded a pariah and butchered
by its own herd, though should
it prove strong enough, it may
overcome its hostile kin and emerge
as the alphabeast. In this way whole
beastherds or even entire Greatfrays
are brought into the service of
the Chaos Gods. Though they are
looked upon as lesser creatures by
the other Beasts of Chaos, such
god-followers are tolerated, so long
as they continue to bring ruin to the
Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
The Way of the Beast

12

THE WAY OF THE BEAST

The Greatfrays of the Beasts of Chaos are as varied as the wilds in which they gather, but there are certain traits
shared by every raucous tribe. All follow the strongest and most cunning of their number, whilst those beasts that
prove weak are mercilessly slaughtered by their own k in.

Amongst the Beasts of Chaos,
savagery rules all. Existence is bought
and paid for with murder, and
those who do not assert themselves
as predators quickly become prey.
Thoughts of mercy and compassion
are utterly alien concepts, for to
show kindness is merely to expose
a weakness that can be exploited by
one’s rivals. Yet strength alone does
not ensure survival – the wiliest
beasts know how to outsmart their
foes, luring them into favourable
territory before pouncing upon them;
they know when to spare the lives
of their defeated kin, halting the
slaughter so that those bested can be
added to the victorious herd; and they
know where to lead their stampedes
so that their ravenous appetite for
brutality can always be sated.

There is little that the Beasts of
Chaos value other than inherent

might and violence born of their
own inner fury. A Freeguild soldier
armed with a wheel-lock rifle may be
deadly, but take away his weapon and
he is nothing. Not so for the beasts
of the warping wilds, for they can
gouge flesh with their horns, break
bones with their bare hands and
burst organs under their stomping
hooves. They show little regard for
technology, and trample the complex
contraptions of their enemies into
the mud. For their own weapons,
gor-kin cobble together axes from
the materials left after battle, or
force those weaker than themselves
to fashion crude armour, but these
armaments are still earned by the
creature’s own strength. This is one
of the reasons why the Beasts of
Chaos revile those who beseech the
gods for power – skill and fur y gifted
by a deity is not earned, and can be
taken away as easily as it is given.

The conferred ranks and hereditary
titles of civilised empires also have no
worth amongst the Beasts of Chaos.
In the wilds, positions of leadership
belong to those capable of butchering
all who challenge their dominance,
and the alphabeast of each beastherd
is ordained only by the blood of those
they have slaughtered. The offspring
of a former leader have no more
claim to rulership than any other
creature. Similarly,
there is no praise
given to those who show unwavering
loyalty. Should the opportunity arise,
most members of a beastherd would
attempt to slay their leader and
take the reins of power, and those
unwilling to do so are despised and
distrusted. Sometimes they are cast
out of their Greatfray, yet more often
they are simply trampled to death
by those amongst their number who
have embraced the true savagery
of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
13

To the Beasts of Chaos, the trappings
of civilisation are abominable – a
defilement of the natural, anarchic
laws of existence. They despise those
who place value on ornate baubles,
resplendent banners and elegant
buildings, and look upon the races
raised up by Sigmar as usurpers of
their birthright. The Beasts of Chaos
bray mockingly at the monuments
built in cities of Sigmar, slavering
at the prospect of tearing them
down and defiling the ground upon
which they stood. But their hatred
is not reserved only for the forces of
Order. The Beasts of Chaos also snarl
at the devotees of Nagash, whose
formal processions pour out from
sepulchral palaces, and they bare
their teeth against the greenskin
and ogor tribes, who forgo profane
desecrations and do battle purely
for battle’s own sake. They even
look down upon the daemon legions
and mortal worshippers of the
Dark Gods, and frequently launch
raids upon Khornate fortresses and
libraries of Tzeentchian lore – to
the creatures of the wilds, such
structures are an affront to anarchy.

So it is that the Beasts of Chaos
harbour great hatred and loathing
for the other inhabitants of the
Mortal Realms. In the time before
Sigmar awoke, the Greatfrays were
the apex predators. They roamed at
wi l l across the lands, hunting down
tribes, slaying colossal monstrosities
and revelling in the depravity of
every massacre they committed. To
them, the unnatural order imposed
by the God-King was like a canker
upon the realms, and during the
long generations in which they
were confined to the wild places,
their collective bitterness festered,
fuelling their fur y like fat thrown on
a burning pyre. But since the dawn
of the Age of Chaos, the Greatfrays
have been unleashing their pent-up
rage upon those who inhabit their
ancestral stamping grounds. The loss
of their primaeval paradise is burned
into the twisted mind of every beast,
and as Stormhosts descend from
Azyr and spectral legions rise up
from Shyish, the beastherds are
drawn out in ever greater numbers,
their acts of savage despoilment
working to return the Mortal Realms
to a state of Chaos.

HERDSTONES

Wherever the Beasts of Chaos roam,
they erect enormous megaliths called
Herdstones. Wrought
from the
warp-infused substance of the realm
in which they stand, Herdstones
mark a beastherd’s
territory and
serve as the focal point for their
anarchic bacchanals. Jutting from
the earth like savage fangs, the most
ancient Herdstones have withstood
the long passage of years since before
the Age of Myth, standing in places
so remote – so twisted by the seeping
influence of the Realm of Chaos –
that no civilised mind has ever been
in their presence and maintained its
sanity. Like the Beasts themselves,
Herdstones are a fusion of nature
and Chaos. The substances from
which they are hewn varies between
beastherds and from realm to realm.
In Aqshy, Herdstones are often made
from volcanic glass or columns of
cooling magma; in Hysh, some are
formed of prismatic cr ystal, whereas
those in Shyish may be carved from
the bones of long-dead godbeasts.

Before stampeding from the
hinterlands to lay waste to their
enemies, a beastherd assembles
before their oldest and most sacred
Herdstone. There they indulge
in drunken revelries and savage
rituals, crowding around their
profane monument in a frenzied
crush. As the beasts feast on
raw flesh and consume copious
amounts of fermented blood and
bile, their hunger for violence
continues to grow. Deadly brawls
spontaneously erupt, and those who
think themselves strong enough
to lead make braying challenges to
the alphabeast. The whole while,
roaring fires blaze at the base of the
Herdstone, bathing the creatures
around it in Chaos energy and
igniting their most animalistic fury.

So raucous and debauched are the
Herdstone gatherings that they can
even draw the attention of the Dark
Gods. Should one of their number
wish to commandeer a growing
stampede for their own purposes,
they may visit their gifts upon the
beastherd. Putrid tentacles may grow
from the base of the Herdstone, or its
crest may erupt in a geyser of blood.
A particularly strong beast may be
gifted with blessings of mutation or
given visions of battles yet to come.
The beastherd may recognise the
might of the Chaos God, just as they
would recognise any creature that
displays such dominant power. If
they do so, they wi l l submit to the
deity’s profane whims and allow
their stampede to be guided by
similar signs, at least until their
desire for other forms of anarchy
takes over. Or they may simply refuse
these gifts and slaughter all those
touched by the Dark God’s power. A
particularly defiant alphabeast may
even call for a tainted Herdstone to
be torn down and smashed, though
to do so is to invite the wrath not
only of the Chaos God, but also of
their own beastherd.

As the Beasts of Chaos surge further
into the civilised lands, they erect
more Herdstones. An enormous slab
of corrupted rock may be tethered
behind the largest beasts and
dragged out from the wilderness,
or else existing natural pillars are
carved into bestial shapes and
imbued with power through rituals
of defilement. Other times, the sheer
savagery of the Beasts of Chaos
causes fully formed Herdstones to
stab upward through the flesh of the
realm, marking a beastherd’s path
with its oppressive presence.

Each new Herdstone is anointed with
sacrifices and draped with grisly
fetishes. Captives are burnt alive in
the fires at its base, or impaled upon
the horns that crown the megalith.
The longer the Herdstone stands,
the more raw Chaos energy it pours
forth, warping the surrounding
lands and devolving the living.
Even long-unattended Herdstones
continue to act as nodes of mutative
power, steadily corrupting their
surroundings in preparation for the
return of their bestial creators.


PAGEBREAK
Gor-kin Beastherds

14

GOR-KIN BEASTHERDS

When gathering for war, snarling herds of warped creatures are bound together under a single powerful
alphabeast to form a beastherd. These savage armies take on many shapes, but the most numerous are the
Brayherds and Warherds – those composed of the various breeds of gor-kin.

BRAYHERDS

A Brayherd mustered for battle
is like a vast sea of gnarled horns
and matted fur. Scores of gors and
ungors form into tight-knit familial
herds,
jostling against one another
as their collective frenzy grows. The
reek of bestial breath and putrefying
blood from previous battles hangs
thick around the raucous creatures,
and the harsh sounds of their
incomprehensible speech mingle
with the incessant drone of buzzing
parasites and chittering mites.

Each Brayherd is comprised of
various breeds, namely gors, ungors
and centigors. These savage creatures
are divided into a hierarchy based
upon strength, size and how bestial
in form each is. Those with the
biggest horns and thickest manes
exert violent dominance over their
more humanoid kin, charging ahead
of them in battle or using them as
expendable fodder to keep enemy
blades busy. The largest creatures
also bear the best weaponry and
armour, having taken their pick
of corpses to scavenge, or simply
murdering their kin to take
possession of a coveted axe or a
robust-looking piece of armour.

As the gor and ungor herds surge
across the battlefield, their muck-
encrusted hooves pound the earth
beneath them, trampling crops
and shattering the stonework laid
by ancient masons. At the flanks
of the Brayherd gallop towering
Centigors,
intoxicated on noxious
brews and thirsty for blood, while
alongside them Tuskgor Chariots
race forwards to be first into the
fray. Charging at the centre of the
stampede is the Beastlord, the savage
leader of the anarchic army. He leads
from the front, using displays of
brutal violence and guttural bellows
to spur his forces onward, while his
Bray-Shamans draw upon raw Chaos
energies to rain ruin upon the enemy
and whip up the bestial vigour of
their kin.

Brayherds are made up of the most
man-like Beasts of Chaos. Each
Brayherd is akin to a savage, warlike
society, comprising multiple herds of
warriors that live, hunt and do battle
together. Some Brayherds remain
hidden in their remote territories for
many years, sating their bloodlust on
the creatures that live there, as well
as on wandering bands of explorers,
soldiers and refugees. But inevitably,
the Brayherd wi l l eventually surge
out from the wild lands to raid
and despoil. Bound by a collective
contempt for those not of their ilk,
and driven by instinctual hatred and
the fur y of their Beastlord, they can
lay waste to many better-equipped
and more organised armies.

Typically,
the bulk of a Brayherd
marches in motley formation
directly towards their enemies,
announcing their presence loudly
with bleating warcries. But this
seemingly straightforward tactic
belies their true cunning. As the
beasts close upon their foes, blasts
from horn-carved trumpets sound
in every direction, signalling the
launch of a deadly ambush. The
remaining herds emerge from hiding
at the sides and rear of their quarry,
surrounding the enemy and cutting
off their escape. The Brayherd then
proceeds to rip into the opposing
force, darting forwards where
defensive lines are weakest, picking
off unprotected missile troops,
isolated skirmishers and startled
spellcasters. With terror and anarchy
spreading through the enemy ranks,
the largest herds push forward to
hack apart what remains of their foe.

At the apex of almost all Brayherds
is a Beastlord – a scar-covered
survivor of countless battles and

challenges. By his indomitable wi l l
are the ragged forces of the Brayherd
kept from tearing each other apart,
their inherent savagery bound into
a great hunting pack and channelled
towards a common enemy. In order
to maintain their rule, a Beastlord
must display a greater degree of
might and cruel cunning than any
other of its kind, outwitting both
enemy generals and pretenders
from within their own ranks;
should he fail to provide a steady
supply of victims to slaughter, his
Brayherd wi l l satisfy their hunger
for bloodshed by hacking him limb
from limb.

A Beastlord’s most powerful
followers are his Bray-Shamans.
Though not as physically powerful
or imposing in stature as some of the
other beastmen, the Bray-Shamans
are possessed of prophetic abilities,
able to draw into themselves the
anarchic energies that flow through
the realms, and through grisly
rituals interpret the ever-shifting
currents of the future. By their vision
is the brutal path of the Brayherd
decided. The Bray-Shamans also
tend to the Herdstones that mark out
their Brayherd’s
territories, draping
the corrupting megaliths with fleshy
fetishes and covering them with
scrawled runes.

WARHERDS

Comprised of bellicose herds of
bullgors and their monstrous kin,
a Warherd is like an avalanche of
muscle and horns. As they stampede
forwards, the frontmost bullgors
heft massive weapons wrought
of crudely bashed iron, cleaving
through heavily armoured enemies
with each powerful swing. Alongside
these roaring warrior-beasts come
the bullgors’
towering cousins, the
Ghorgons and Cygors, who reach
down with blade-ended limbs to rip
through ranks of lesser enemies, or
use their massive curved horns to
impale those monstrous creatures


PAGEBREAK
15

driven into battle by the enemy.
Leading the Warherd is a mighty
Doombull, an armoured champion
as tall as a mounted knight.
Commanding his forces through
displays of strength and savagery,
the Doombull seeks out the most
formidable opponents to butcher,
all the while bellowing warcries that
stoke the slaughterous instincts of
his Warherd to new heights.

The bullgor breeds are even more
feral and violent than those gor-kin
of the Brayherds. In form, they are
far less man-like than gors, being
further mutated and devolved. Their
territories are located deeper into the
wilds, where intense concentrations
of Chaos energy coalesce. Like the
Brayherds, each Warherd is both a
societal group – with the bullgors
in each constituent herd often being
blood relatives – and a marauding
army,
though the tactics they favour
tend to be less nuanced than those
employed by the gor-kin. Instead
of surrounding their foes in order
to launch an ambush, a Warherd
typically charges directly towards
the strongest point in an enemy’s

defensive line, shattering formations
open with brute force before chasing
down the sur viving foes as they tr y
to flee.

It is believed that the creatures
of the Warherds were once more
humanoid than they are now, until
they were cursed by the Dark Gods.
In the primaeval times before the
awakening of Sigmar,
those tribes
that would become the Warherds
worshipped the power of Chaos
through gruesome sacrifices and
cannibalistic rituals, slaughtering
and devouring their own kind in
order to be blessed with strength.
This strength was granted to them,
but as their bodies were mutated and
made vast, so too were their profane
appetites for flesh. The bloodgreed –
as this curse was called – grew to be
all-consuming. It drove the bullgors
to ever greater acts of violence,
causing them to tear greedily into
red-raw flesh, not out of hunger, but
out of an insatiable need to desecrate
the bodies of their victims.

When the Warherds go to battle,
the savagery of their slaughters

draws much attention from the
Chaos Gods. Where Khorne sees
these barbaric combats as pure
manifestations of murder, enacted
for the sole purpose of soaking the
Mortal Realms in blood, Tzeentch
views each corpse they mangle as
an effigy of transmogrification and
change. Similarly, where Slaanesh
revels in the unadulterated excess
of the bullgors’ violence, Nurgle
delights in the disembowelled
corpses that are left to fester and rot
in the Warherd’s wake.

The Herdstones around which
Warherds gather are typically more
malformed than those found in the
territories of a Brayherd. Many are
crowned with the heads of ancient
Doombulls or gargantuan Ghorgons,
and living sacrifices are continually
fed into the fires that burn at each
Herdstone’s base. Some Herdstones
have been fed so much flesh over
their long existence that their rock
has been replaced with throbbing
muscle and blood-filled veins. Others
are covered with toothed maws
that gape open and emit ceaseless
droning bellows.


PAGEBREAK
Thunderscorn Beastherds and Chaos Monstrosities

16

THUNDERSCORN BEASTHERDS
AND CHAOS MONSTROSITIES

From the most corrupted places in the Mortal Realms come the lightning-wreathed Thunderscorn beastherds and
the hideous monsters of Chaos – creatures so redolent with warping energy that the air crack les in their presence
and the ground beneath them writhes in agony.

THUNDERSCORN
BEASTHERDS

Few creatures strike as much dread
into the hearts of their enemies as the
Dragon Ogors of the Thunderscorn
beastherds. Possessed of draconic
strength, along with the resilience
and sheer brutality of ogors, Dragon
Ogors embody the ferocity of a
chaotic storm, and with malevolent
fur y lay waste to their foes. Their
territories lie far from any civilised
lands, atop towering mountain peaks
and amidst ever-raging tempests,
yet they are able to strike across
vast distances with little warning,
bounding long leagues on their
reptilian limbs to fall suddenly upon
unsuspecting armies.

A Thunderscorn beastherd advances
upon its foe with the implacability
of a looming thunderhead. Even
before the Dragon Ogors arrive, the
skies grow dark and winds begin
to whip; the air fills with static,
causing hairs to stand on end and
weapons to glow with eerie light.
Sheets of lightning crack from
horizon to horizon, and forked bolts
lance down to scorch the earth. The
deafening booms that follow rumble
on far longer than those caused
by any natural phenomena, as the
thunderclaps are joined by battle
cries from the rampaging beastherd
that approaches.

Dragon Ogor herds storm across
the battlefield towards their prey,
driven forwards by howling gales.
With every bound, their clawed
lower limbs rip great gouges into
the ground, while in their hands
they brandish savage weapons
forged in a time before Sigmar’s
awakening. Those foes not swept
away by the initial charge are
crushed or hacked apart in a series
of whirling swings, or else vaporised
by the rivulets of Chaos lightning
that dance anarchically amidst the
Thunderscorn’s
ranks.

At the eye of this bestial storm
stands a Dragon Ogor Shaggoth, the
most ancient and powerful of the
Thunderscorn creatures. Rearing up
towards the firmament, this raging
alphabeast hurls devastating bolts of
lightning into the enemy formations,
reducing armoured warriors to char
and bubbling fat before shattering
those who remain with great
sweeps of its axe and tail. With
every thunderous bellow it spurs its
Chaos kin onwards, ensuring their
tempest of violence never abates.
A single Thunderscorn beastherd
can scatter whole armies to the
wind,
leaving cities levelled in their
wake and the lands enshrouded by
perpetual storms.

It is believed that the Thunderscorn
came into being long before the birth
of the Mortal Realms. In the world-
that-was, the ancient ancestors of the
Dragon Ogors made a pact with the
Ruinous Powers, gaining eternal life
in exchange for everlasting servitude
to Chaos. At the destruction of that
world, a single mighty Dragon Ogor
Shaggoth – said to be as large as a
mountain – survived and passed
into Azyr, claiming great swathes of
that realm as its domain and siring
the first Thunderscorn beastherds.
Though their former world had

been destroyed, the pact the Dragon
Ogors had forged with Chaos
remained, and they were doomed to
bondage for another eternity.

When the God-King was awoken,
he waged a great war against the
Thunderscorn, casting them down
from the Heavens through a series of
bloody campaigns. Since that time,
the Dragon Ogors have been kept
from Azyr,
their efforts to reclaim
their homelands thwarted by Sigmar
and his allies. The Thunderscorn
beastherds withdrew to the remotest
parts of the realms where, immune
to the ravages of time, they waited
for an age in which they could wreak
their vengeance. They allowed their
bitterness to grow more fierce with
every passing century – bitterness
at their eternal servitude to Chaos,
bitterness at their exile by Sigmar’s
hand. Only when the Age of Chaos
came to consume the Mortal Realms
did they unleash their fu l l fury,
descending from their mountain
homes to annihilate the lands in the
God-King’s domain.

Though the Dragon Ogors
obliterated countless strongholds
of civilisation, Sigmar was able to
hold his dominion over the Realm
of Heavens. And so, on the tallest
peaks, during the most savage
storms, the Thunderscorn beastherds
called out their challenge to the
God-King, daring him to open the
gates to Azyr so that they could
surge in and reclaim what was theirs.
After centuries of bloodshed, the
Stormcast Eternals were sent down
to answer this challenge.

Like other beastherds, Thunderscorn
beastherds mark their territories
with herdstones. Those carved by
Dragon Ogors often crackle with
electricity or are surrounded by
vortexes of swirling wind. Placed
atop tall peaks or in highlands,
they serve as monolithic lightning


PAGEBREAK
17

rods. But the heart of each domain
is marked by a far larger herdstone
– a mountain or giant magnetic
mesa soaked to its foundations with
Chaos energy, around which the
Thunderscorn beastherd gathers in
preparation for battle.

MONSTERS OF CHAOS

Even before the coming of the Age of
Chaos, twisted and horrific creatures
roamed the wilderness. Making
their lairs in the most warped
landscapes, these monsters have
ever been the source of nightmarish
legend. Though made of flesh and
blood, they are unbound from the
natural
laws that govern other savage
animals, taking on varied grotesque
forms and growing to impossible
sizes. Some have bestial maws from
which grasping tentacles emerge, or
cruelly barbed tusks and horns that
they use to gore any who enter their
anarchic domains. Creatures such
as Chaos Warhounds and Razorgors
gather in teeming hunting packs,
and together run down much larger
creatures before ripping them limb
from limb. Others are solitary beasts
whose very presence corrupts their
surroundings, reshaping the land to
match their own abhorrent form.

Though not part of any Greatfray,
the monsters of Chaos are drawn
towards the other Beasts of Chaos.
As the Brayherds, Warherds and
Thunderscorn beastherds come
together around their Herdstones
and begin their orgiastic rites
in preparation for battle, echoes
of the gathering anarchy ripple
throughout the wilds. The scent of
bestial frenzy permeates the lands
for leagues in every direction,
rousing the monsters of Chaos to
emerge from their domains and join
the beastherds on their rampages.
Chaos Gargants come striding out of
darkened forests and deep mountain
crevasses. Cockatrices, Chimeras
and Jabberslythes fly forth from
oozing swamps and cursed barrens.
All the while, packs of smaller
monstrosities teem across warping
moors and gore-covered savannahs.
Upon arrival, the monstrosities sense
kindred beings in the bestial herds,
smelling the thick taint of devolving
energies that runs in the blood of

all children of Chaos. Even so, it is
not uncommon that a monstrous
creature wi l l devour some of the
lesser beasts when it first appears.

As a beastherd surges into civilised
lands, even more monsters of Chaos
come to join the slaughter,
for just as
the scent of blood attracts predators
from far and wide, so does the
desecration of cities and temples call
out to the foul entities of the wilds.
On rare occasions, large groups of
such monstrosities will terrorise the
lands separately from any beastherd.
When this happens, the grotesquely
warped creatures roam anarchically,
mauling armies sent to face them
and surging through towns and cities
with mindless ferocity.

The monsters of Chaos are drawn
not just to the beastherds that

erect the Herdstones, but to the
megaliths themselves. Some
creatures make their lairs near, or
even inside, ancient and unattended
Herdstones, defending them from
those foolhardy souls who seek to
save their lands from corruption by
tearing down the nodes of warping
power. But where no Herdstones
have been erected, the monsters
gather around natural formations
that have become permeated with
Chaos energy. Be it a petrified tree
at the dark heart of a marshland,
a titanic fossil protruding from
a volcanic ridge, or a pillar of
quicksilver vomited up from an
iron-toothed geyser, the monsters
of Chaos flock to these loci of
desecration, revelling in the aura
of entropy until they feel the call
to battle and venture out to join a
growing stampede.

‘G ive no quar ter!’ cried Osellion Emberborn as he and his
Retributors charged through the town’s crumbling archway.
Over three days and nights, his brotherhood of the Hammers
of Sigmar had battled the Beasts of Chaos across the Settled Lands,
slaughtering many but making no noticeable impact upon their
numbers. Pouring in from the horizons, the braying creatures had
ravaged township after township before receding back into the w ilds,
then emerging again with renewed fury to attack the Sigmarite forces
once more. The marauders had covered more ground and desecrated
more territory than Emberborn had thought possible in so shor t a
time, but on this night he and his warriors had managed to corner
the Beastlord and a handful of his followers in the ruined settlement
of Osprey.
Raucous animal howls echoed through the town, and as the
Retributors surged past shattered buildings, Emberborn saw scattered
piles of mauled bodies – the remnants of Osprey’s luckless defenders.
The whole place stank of smoke and blood-encrusted fur. As Emberborn
readied his lightning hammer, he whispered a vow to avenge those who
had fallen here.
The Retributors rounded the corner into the town square and laid eyes
on the Beastlord standing not fifty paces ahead, his matted mane and
tattooed flesh illuminated by fires burning beneath a towering stone
monolith. At the horned champion’s
sides were a pair of Bray-Shamans,
their eyes aglow as they fed wads of offal into the flames at the base of
their Herdstone. The Beastlord glared at the approaching Retributors
and raised up its axe, pointing the crude weapon to the skies above the
Stormcast Eternals’ heads.
Emberborn looked upwards and saw an enormous dark shape
descending through the night towards him. He heard the flapping sound
of great leather wings, and then the roars of three bestial heads – one
av ian, one draconic, and one leonine.
From its central head, the Chimera spat a jet of flame into the
Retributor formation. Almost instantly, Emberborn’s armour began to
melt and his flesh crumbled to ash. In the moment before his spirit was
whisked away to Azyr, the Stormcast Eternal heard the Beastlord give a
single, contemptuous snor t.


PAGEBREAK
ANNALS OF ENTROPY

18

ANNALS OF ENTROPY

The savagery of the Beasts of Chaos has long been embedded in nightmarish legend. Only a small portion of their
atrocities have ever been recorded, and those that are get passed down as horrifying folk stories or half-believed
fables. Here is a chronicle of those undeniable events in which the fur y of the Beasts of Chaos was unleashed.

AGE OF MYTH

Purging of the Heavens

In Azyr,
the Thunderscorn
beastherds sense the awakening of
the God-King Sigmar. The order
he imposes upon the realm stirs
their fury, and they descend from
the mountains to wage war against
the interloper. As battles rage,
the Heavens are cast into tumult,
causing violent storms to erupt
across the Eight Realms. Eventually,
Sigmar is victorious and the
sur viving Dragon Ogors are cast out
from Azyr. The Thunderscorn then
set about searching for Krakanrok
the Black, oldest and greatest of their
kin, whose fate in the war of the
Heavens is unknown.

CIVILISATION ENCROACHES

Sigmar and his growing pantheon
set out across the Mortal Realms,
raising up the scattered tribes of
humans, aelves and duardin and
bestowing knowledge upon them.
In each realm, the nascent forces
of Order encounter all manner of
primordial creatures, and many
Beasts of Chaos are put to the
sword. Though whole Greatfrays are
eradicated, others prove incredibly
resilient. Of these, the Allherd is
seemingly without number, and
wherever its beastherds are driven
back, more come surging from the
wilds shortly after.

FIRST SON OF
THE GORFATHER

The belligerent god Gorkamorka is
sent by Sigmar to clear the beasts
from the plains of Ghur. There he
slays entire beastherds and countless
warped monstrosities, until he is
challenged by a colossal Beastlord
that ca l ls itself the First Son of the
Gorfather. The two engage in savage
battle, and though the Beastlord
is mighty,
it is eventually laid low.
With its dying breath, the Beastlord
says that Gorkamorka may one day
become strong enough to fight the
Gorfather himself.

SAVAGE EXODUS

The Greatfrays are driven from their
territorial raiding grounds and are
forced to recede into the wild places
of each realm. There they gather
around nodes of raw Chaos energy
that have already begun spilling into
existence, and over long centuries
allow their hatred and bitterness
towards the other mortal races
to fester.

AGE OF CHAOS

FURY UNLEASHED

The Chaos Gods extend their reach
into the Eight Realms. With civilised
lands beset by legions of daemons
and mortal worshippers, the Beasts
of Chaos emerge once more from
the wilds to join in the slaughter.
Though they often fight the servants
of the Dark Gods, the true children
of Chaos direct the majority of their
fur y at those who had driven them
from their ancestral domains.

SLAUGHTER IN THE SKIES

With Chaos hordes pouring across
the Realm of Metal, those belonging
to civilisations that had flourished
in the Age of Myth are faced with
a decision – flee or die. Some of the
duardin who had made their holds
atop high mountain peaks choose to
take to the skies, crafting enormous
skyvessels with which they can
escape the onrushing Tzeentchian
legions. The fleet of Karak Ohrgaf
flies high into the stratosphere, rising
ever upwards until it disappears
through the clouds of sublimated
copper and iron. All contact with
the fled duardin is lost, and even the
other sky-ports that are established
above the realm have no idea as to
the whereabouts of their kin. Only
when twisted wrecks of skyvessels
and mangled duardin corpses begin
to rain down from the Chamonic
clouds is the fate of the lost fleet
realised. Shortly after, a tattered
Ohrgaf skyvessel containing three
duardin descends and docks at the

sky-port of Barak-Zon. The crew
tell of bestial predators that dwell
high above, roaming the frozen
metal clouds in enormous herds.
Yet prospectors from Barak-Zon
have their interests piqued when the
Ohrgaf survivors describe enormous
columns of solidified aether-gold
around which the beastherds gather.

THE GREAT DEVOLUTION

The gleaming city state known as
the Violet Kingdom is surrounded
by beastherds from the Gavespawn
Greatfray. As one of the Refracted
States, the city long ago severed ties
with the other learned empires of
Hysh, and though its cr ystalline
walls hold fast against the braying
throngs, there is no hope of an allied
army arriving to lift the siege. As
food and water become increasingly
scarce, the city’s residents become
more and more desperate, hunger
and fear steadily gnawing away
at their sanity. The populace
turns to murdering their fellow
citizens, choosing cannibalism over
starvation. Petty lords and high-
ranking officials are mobbed in the
streets, torn limb from limb by the
poor and destitute as penance for
allowing such horrors to befall the
Violet Kingdom. To survive, those
inside the walls travel in packs,
arming themselves with crude
weapons with which they hunt the
weak and weary. Over long years of
this savage existence, the strongest
survivors grow horns, their faces
elongating into bestial shapes and
their feet warping into hooves.
Eventually, none are left in the city,
save for those who have succumbed
to the devolving energies of Chaos.

THE WANDERING WAR

As Ghyran is overtaken by daemonic
rot, the nomadic aelven warriors
known as the Wanderers retreat
from the realm along magical ley
lines. During their flight, they
are followed by beastherds of
the Darkwalker Greatfray. The
Wanderers know the savagery of


PAGEBREAK
19

the Beasts of Chaos all too well and,
rather than fighting them head-on,
attempt to elude their predators,
travelling along abstruse routes that
criss-cross back and forth between
realms. But wherever they travel, the
Darkwalkers appear shortly after,
emerging from hidden Realmgates to
maim and butcher before the aelves
make their next desperate exodus.
This hit-and-run war decimates the
population of Wanderers, and forces
many of their closest communities
to split up in the hopes of somehow
shaking the insatiable stalkers.

MASSACRES ON THE
MANTLE COAST

In the Everspring Swathe, pestilent
beastherds given over to Nurgle
begin levelling the ancient forests
along the Mantle Coast. The
Sylvaneth Wargroves
that inhabit the
once-verdant glades stand resolute
against the desecrating creatures,
but their strength is soon sapped
as daemonic flora begins sprouting
from the land. When the forests
have been almost entirely reduced
to putrefying mulch, the Sylvaneth
at last receive aid. Idoneth Deepkin
from the Briomdar enclave emerge
from the Greenhaunch Sea and
begin thinning the beastherds
through a series of daring raids. But
these coastal assaults prove costly,
and many of the seaweed-draped
aelves are sent back to the depths as
dismembered chum.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE HEAVENS OPEN

After five centuries of carnage, the
Mortal Realms are all but reduced
to ruin. With the last bastions of
civilisation close to annihilation,
the God-King Sigmar unleashes the
Stormhosts, sending his lightning-
forged warriors into the realms to
drive back the armies of Chaos.
Hateful snarls echo throughout
the wild lands, for in the Stormcast
Eternals the Beasts of Chaos see
the ultimate prey – beings of pure
order whose shining ranks are ripe
for desecration.

THE DIRGEHORN RESOUNDS

In their search for Alarielle the
Everqueen, the Hallowed Knights and

Astral Templars strike into the heart
of Rotwater Blight. The Beastlord
known as Gluhak the Crusted Blade
awaits their arrival, and as soon as
the Stormhosts set foot upon the
fecund loam he sounds the Dirgehorn
– an enormous brayhorn carved
from the skull of a giant plague-
beast. A droning cacophony rolls
over the land, filling the Stormcast
Eternals with despair. In a harrowing
campaign, Sigmar’s warriors battle
their way through the savage
herds that infest Rotwater Blight,
eventually reaching the gnarled hag
tree from whence the discordant
blasts are issuing. There, Decimator-
Prime Machus hurls his axe into
Gluhak’s chest, sending the Beastlord
smashing through the Dirgehorn.
With a titanic boom the cursed
instrument explodes, showering
beastmen and Stormcast Eternals
alike in flesh-rending splinters.
With its physical form destroyed,
the savage magic of the Dirgehorn
dissipates back into the wilds.

BLOOD-SOAKED
ARCHIPELAGO

The Tempest Lords Stormhost are
despatched to the Tauroi Archipelago
off the coast of Asphyxia, there to
gather the Candlemen clans to join in
the battle against the Chaos hordes.
As they search the mountainous isles,
they are attacked by the bull-headed
monstrosities of the Bloodscorch
Greatfray. The Khornate Warherds
shatter entire phalanxes of the
Stormcast Eternals, and towering
Ghorgons tear through the tattered
Flagellants and armoured Warrior
Priests of the Candlemen. With
the Sigmarite forces on the edge of
defeat, a deafening boom thunders
across the firmament,
infusing every
warrior in the archipelago with
unquenchable rage. The already-
frenzied beasts are physically unable
to contain their fury, and thousands
of them explode in showers of
blood and bone. The Candlemen
shout praises to Sigmar for their
miraculous victory, unaware that
the enraging thunder was the roar
of Skarbrand, mightiest of Khorne’s
daemons. Despite their best efforts,
the Candlemen are unable to cleanse
themselves of the scent of bestial
blood, and are forever marked as prey
by the Beasts of Chaos in Aqshy.

RAT TRAP

Tzeentch-serving Thunderscorn
beastherds pour into the Fyreslayer
magmaholds nestled deep within
the Dontos Mountains. Slaughtering
the denizens in gruesome rituals of
mutilation, the Dragon Ogors infuse
the subterranean strongholds with
warping energy. But as soon as the
Fyreslayers have been eradicated,
skaven of the Clans Moulder come
surging up from the depths. Rather
than fighting the multitudinous
hordes, the Thunderscorn withdraw
to the surface, whereupon nine
Dragon Ogor Shaggoths call down
bolts of iridescent lightning to
strike the mountain peaks. The
crackling energy mutates the ancient
rock, sealing the entrances to the
magmaholds. With the skaven
trapped inside, the yawning caverns
grow rows of stone fangs, and with
vast, grinding chomps devour the
scurr ying vermin.

HOWL OF THE DEAD BEAST

The Realm of Death erupts with
necromantic energies. Known
by many peoples as the Shyish
necroquake, and among the
Greatfrays as the Howl of the Dead
Beast, this catastrophic pulse of
magic raises unquiet spirits across
the realms. The Beasts of Chaos revel
in the ensuing mayhem, storming
cities and fortresses that have been
ravaged by gheists, and seeking out
ancient places of power whose mystic
wards have suddenly perished.

THE FELL MIGRATION

With the spectral dead roaming the
lands and unbound magic seething
throughout the realms, many
Greatfrays begin to surge towards
Shyish. Only the Beasts of Chaos
themselves know the purpose of
this mass migration, but as more
beastherds pass into the Realm of
Death, it becomes clear that they
are converging upon the Shyish
Nadir. In Azyr,
terrified seers espy
a possible strand of fate in which
the Greatfrays find the Great Black
Pyramid of Nagash, and through
their desecration transform it into an
enormous Herdstone. Further along
this prophetic path, the seers see
nothing but roiling anarchy, wherein
death itself has become the domain
of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
GATHERINGS OF THE GREATFRAYS

20

GATHERINGS OF
THE GREATFRAYS

The warlike societies of the Beasts of Chaos are each comparable in size to a vast nation, sprawling across
enormous swathes of territory and comprising multitudes of creatures. In these Greatfrays, there is no distinction
between savagery and sur vival, for those who do not join in the slaughters are cast out or simply k i l led.

The wild places of the Mortal Realms
are home to many Greatfrays, with
each containing thousands,
if not
millions, of bestial warriors. These
warriors form hundreds of smaller
roving bands – the beastherds –
allowing them to strike out in all
directions at multiple targets. A
Greatfray does not typically gather
in one place – its beastherds are
often dotted across enormous
areas, each with their own untamed
territories, and with patches of
civilised lands scattered between
them. Many Greatfrays have
beastherds that reside in disparate
realms, their connections to each
other maintained through corrupted
Realmgates that lie hidden in the
wilderness. Yet regardless of their
separation, the beastherds of a
Greatfray are bound to one another
by the ferocity of an apex creature
– an alphabeast of incredible might
that rules over the entirety of the
Greatfray, guiding the savagery of
its beastherds towards a singular
destructive purpose.

A Greatfray’s domain is marked
by its Herdstones, and as more are
erected, the corrupting influence
of the Greatfray spreads. Those
creatures that dwell within the
boundaries of such a domain are
shaped by the Herdstones’ energies –
their fur may begin to change colour,
or their horns may curl in different
directions. This can cause the varied
creatures of a Greatfray to become
similar in appearance, or it can have
a divergent effect whereby every
beast is made to be uniquely twisted.

The exact number of Greatfrays
– and thus the true extent of the
threat posed by the Beasts of Chaos
– is impossible to know,
for their
populations are in a constant state
of flux. Large Greatfrays regularly
subsume smaller groups of beasts,
cutting down the weakest in furious

battle before allowing the strongest
survivors to join their ranks. As
individual Beasts of Chaos fall in
battle, whilst stampeding through
the civilised lands or in combat
with their own kindred, more
emerge from the wilds to take their
place, sometimes forming entirely
new Greatfrays.

It is rare that the entirety of a
Greatfray will go on a single warpath,
though when they do entire realms
tremble beneath their furious tread.
Typically, each beastherd is left to
raid and reave in isolation, spreading
anarchy outwards from its own
territory within the Greatfray’s
domain. A kingdom that borders
on such territories may be beset on
various fronts by different beastherds,
its beleaguered defences becoming
stretched thinner as the ferocious
creatures ravage its lands. It is then
that the seemingly disparate bestial
forces join together, slaughtering
as one and spreading even more
corruption. As the tumult grows,
other Beasts of Chaos are drawn from
nearby lands, until the kingdom has
been reduced to utter ruin.

The standing of each beastherd
within a Greatfray is determined
by their cunning and ferocity in
battle, the size of the territories
they have claimed, and the
number of Herdstones they have
erected. If a beastherd is seen by
its kindred as weak according to
any of these standards, a stronger
beastherd wi l l come to take over
its domain. Conversely,
those who
are consistently ferocious wi l l
always be accepted as part of the
Greatfray, regardless of any other
aberrations they may display. As
such, beastherds that have given
themselves over to one of the Chaos
Gods are found at the peripheries
of many Greatfrays. Though their
subservience to the Ruinous Powers

is seen as a violation of pure Chaos,
their effectiveness as desecrators
cannot be denied.

Unlike the more rigid armies of
the Mortal Realms, beastherds can
take on a variety of compositions,
even growing in the thick of battle
as more creatures are drawn
towards the carnage. Those that
are composed of similar species
– namely the Brayherd, Warherd
and Thunderscorn beastherds – are
particularly effective at different
types of combat, with Brayherds
being unparalleled ambushers,
Warherds excelling at brutal head-
on offensives, and Thunderscorn
beastherds conducting devastating
lightning-warfare attacks. Other
beastherds are composed of a myriad
of twisted creatures, combining the
strength and savagery of each to
unleash variegated carnage upon
their enemies.

Just as a Greatfray is composed of
multiple beastherds, so too is each
beastherd made up of a number
of herds. A herd can range in size
from a small handful of beasts
to a teeming throng, and on the
battlefield acts as a single hunting
pack, with its creatures revelling
together in their shared butchery.
The beasts in many herds are closely
related, sharing a sire or grandsire,
and have survived by fighting
together since they were young.

Left to their own devices, the various
herds in a territory often fight
amongst each other until they are
wiped out. It takes the presence of
a powerful alphabeast to bind the
herds together into a beastherd.
This mighty creature rules through
cruelty and violence,
lashing out
at its followers to keep them in
line and continually reasserting its
dominance by leading the beastherd
to fresh lands that can be despoiled.


PAGEBREAK
Hierarchy of The Vilehorns

HIERARCHY OF THE VILEHORNS

21

GNARGROK THE
BEASTLORD

The Vilehorns are but one of the beastherds within the sprawling
Allherd Greatfray. During the Battle of Coldwrath Vale their
alphabeast was Gnargrok, a cunning Beastlord who coordinated
the ambush by the Vilehorns’ gors and ungors. Having previously
defeated challenges to his leadership by Krovar the Doombull and
the ancient Dragon Ogor Shaggoth Bezarkrak, Gnargrok counted
multiple Thunderscorn and bullgor herds amongst his forces.

GREAT BRAY-SHAMANS

Surlok One-horn and Gnakh,
they who speak with the true voice
of Chaos

BESTIGOR HERD

The Skull-grinders, who mark
their fur with the crushed bones
of their prey

TUSKGOR CHARIOTS

The Tusked Avalanche, whose
rumbling wheels inspire dread in
even the most veteran warriors

GOR HERD

The Cloven, who seek to make
offerings of their victims’
trampled hearts

GOR HERD

The Dark Brood, all born of
darkness in lands where no light
can live

GOR HERD

The Flayed, who tear strips from
one another’s hides and devour
them to share their strength

UNGOR HERD

Shurmok’s Slink lings, beaten and
reviled, filled with bitterness and
spite for all living things

UNGOR HERD

The Bloodsuccour, who sup of
their enemies’ spilled gore that
they might grow strong

UNGOR RAIDERS

Lyvik’s Eye-eaters, who gnash
at the jellied orbs of their
screaming prey

UNGOR RAIDERS

The Mange-ridden, reviled and
unwanted yet still they fight
for Gnargrok

CENTIGOR HERD

The Slaughterhooves, whose
thundering charge no foe has
ever halted

CENTIGOR HERD

The Beast’s Fury, who hurl
down the idols of all gods with
equal disgust

KROVAR THE DOOMBULL

BULLGOR HERD

The Rip-horns, they who gore all
before them and festoon their
horns with entrails

BULLGOR HERD

Krovar’s Wrathpelts, mighty
beasts who bear their master’s
fur y into the heart of the foe

BULLGOR HERD

The Mindless, those who have
lost themselves to the bloodgreed
for evermore

GHORGON

Daesek’s Bane, the towering
monster that devured the famous
aelven hero whole

GHORGON

Vorhargh, the blood-gorging
terror of the dark and
ravenous wilderlands

CYGOR

The Beast of Talowfall, the fiend
that tore down the Tower of One
Hundred Wonders

BEZARKRAK THE SHAGGOTH

DRAGON OGOR HERD

The Ironscales, who feel nothing
of pain nor hunger, and know
only hate

DRAGON OGOR HERD

The Thundersons, born of the
storm’s cold wrath and sent to
topple the bastions of Order

DRAGON OGOR HERD

Sharnak’s Dustclaws, who
trample the ruined remains of
their victims into the dirt


PAGEBREAK
LEGENDARY DESECRATORS

22

LEGENDARY DESECRATORS

The brutality of the Beasts of Chaos is embedded in nightmares, leading people in each of the realms to fear what
lies outside their own borders. Countless Greatfrays stalk the wilderness, yet among their number are those whose
atrocities have become truly infamous, and whose names are synonymous with terror.

descendants of the alpha progenitor,
the ancestor of
all true children of Chaos, known to the Allherd as
the Gorfather. During violent revelries, Bray-Shamans
recount stories of the Gorfather – how he hacked apart
the Realm of Beasts and created the Ghurish oceans from
bile and blood; how he tore open the first Realmgates
by driving his colossal horns deep into the flesh of the
realms. A particularly ferocious and grizzled Allherd
champion may even be thought by its kin to be one of the
First Sons of the Gorfather.

Allherd

Outside of Azyr, beastherds of the Allherd roam the
wilds of every realm. It has been supposed that the
Allherd first gathered in Ghur,
for that is where their
numbers are greatest, and ancient Herdstones bearing
the Greatfray’s mark scar the land on practically every
continent and island in the realm. But long before
humans, aelves and duardin empires were connected
by Realmgates, the Allherd had already spread out into
far-distant wilds.

As their domain expanded, the Allherd subsumed
rival beastherds they encountered with unerring
rapaciousness. None can say how many Greatfrays the
Allherd has defeated and ingested into its ranks over the
ages. The only records of such internecine battles are the
bones that lie buried beneath remote hinterlands, where
shattered gor skulls and axe-hewn horns hint at the
enormity of the carnage that occurred there.

These savage clashes with other Greatfrays almost
invariably see the Allherd’s
rivals cowed, the opposing
alphabeasts forced to grovel before the mightier

ALLHERD

Since the Beasts of Chaos first began to gather in number,
there has been no Greatfray as large or as sprawling
as the Allherd. Ruling over more wild territories than
every other bestial tribe combined, the Allherd is
known in civilised empires, spectral kingdoms and
greenskin warclans by various names – the Anarkine, the
Everbeasts, the Brood of the Gorfather and many more.
Yet whatever they are called, their hunger for slaughter
is unmistakable.

Beasts of the Allherd believe themselves to be more
savage than others of their kind. Like all Greatfrays, they
are wily and sharp-witted, able to lure their foes into
unfavourable territory and launch devastating ambushes.
But their true strength is in the thick of combat, when
they come face to face with their prey. To a beast of the
Allherd, the scent of an enemy up close is an invigorating
odour, causing it to froth at the maw in anticipation
of combat. In this state, the man half of the creature is
discarded, thought and reason drowned by pure, bestial
fury. As it hacks and gouges at the enemies before it, its
rage continues to grow, blinding it to pain and rendering
it insensible to fear. Only when its foes lie butchered
does the man half of the creature reawaken. This return
to sentience pains the beasts of the Allherd, filling them
with self-loathing that they are not wholly bestial, and
driving them ever towards the pure Chaos that is found
in the crush of battle.

Even by the standards of the Beasts of Chaos, the
creatures of the Allherd are prolific breeders. Their
untamed territories heave with bestial warriors, giving
rise to vast stampedes that surge into the civilised
lands. Those born into the Greatfray believe they are


PAGEBREAK
predators. After submitting, the weakest of the rival
herds are slaughtered, their entrails draped upon newly
erected Herdstones, while the greatest warriors are
given the chance to join the throng of the victors. Few
creatures refuse, for un like other races that enslave
defeated champions,
the beasts of the Allherd treat those
taken into their ranks as their kindred, giving them free
rein to prove their ferocity by butchering in the name of
their new Greatfray.

23

So dominant are the Allherd that many Beasts of Chaos
wi l ling ly seek out their stampedes. Herds of marauding
beastmen and roving bullgors hear the cacophonous
braying of the vast Greatfray in battle, and are compelled
to join the rampant slaughter. Grotesque monstrosities
feel the Chaos energy that gathers amongst the bestial
masses and come slithering from their lairs to become
one with the escalating anarchy. Every creature is
welcomed into the fold, though only the most fierce are
allowed to live, fight and interbreed with the rest of the
Greatfray.
In this way,
the beastherds of the Allherd
continually grow in size and strength, and are able to
replenish their numbers with terr ifying speed.

As the beastherds grow, fierce rivalries develop between
the greatest warriors. Alphabeasts charge ahead of
the throng, displaying their dominance and asserting
themselves as the apex slaughterers by cutting down great
swathes of foes. Entire cities are trampled into the mud
as beasts tr y to best each other with acts of desecration.
Hallowed shrines are gutted and glorious statues toppled,
while mystic artefacts are strung up on Herdstones or
else fed into the roaring fires that burn beneath the
profane monoliths, all to the sound of bestial braying.

Nothing is sacred to the creatures of the Allherd, not
even those idolatrous works dedicated to the Ruinous
Powers. While there are god-worshipping beastherds at
the fringes of the Greatfray,
for the most part the Chaos
pantheon’s
followers are seen as just another weaker tribe
to be subsumed. The Dark Gods have proven themselves
mighty, but the Allherd believe themselves to be the
ultimate bringers of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
24

DARKWALKERS

Darkwalkers

An eerie hush descends over the land, pierced only by
the creaking of ancient trees. Carrion birds cease their
cawing, and chittering insects fall silent. In this void of
sound, soldiers can hear their own hearts beating, their
blood pulsing faster as fear sinks its cold talons into their
souls. An armoured warrior sees something move at the
corner of his vision, but it is gone by the time he turns
his head. Another hears a trumpet blast so otherworldly
that she cannot be sure her mind is not playing tricks on
her. Then, scores of glowing eyes open as one, peering out
from the gloom of the woods to look hungrily upon their
surrounded prey.

The Darkwalkers charge their enemy from all sides. With
terror spreading, the foe forms up to defend against the
onrushing predators, but the beasts close upon them with
unnatural swiftness, sinking axe blades into flesh before
the victims have time to scream. As the battle rages,

more warped creatures pour out of the darkness and into
the fray, and amidst the swirl whole herds seem to vanish
only to reappear behind their enemies.

More than any other Greatfray,
the Darkwalkers use
the wilderness itself as a weapon. They seldom rampage
through the civilised lands, choosing instead to draw out
their enemies and lead them into uncharted places – vast
deserts, unending swamps and inimical hinterlands at
the edges of each realm. There, the Darkwalkers allow
attrition and terror to whittle away at the opposing force,
waiting patiently for the moment when they can encircle
and butcher what remains of their foe.

The Darkwalkers have a seemingly instinctual
understanding of Realmgates. They know the locations
of countless hidden portals in each realm, and can sense
where a given Realmgate wi l l
lead. By travelling through
these mystic paths, a single Darkwalker beastherd can
spread corruption far and wide, moving from place to
place to seed disparate lands with anarchy. They also
use their knowledge of Realmgates to disorient their
foes, and by luring armies into unseen portals they can
render an empire defenceless before the slaughtering
even begins.

As nomads, the Darkwalker beastherds often act as
guides for other Chaos forces. Mighty Chaos Lords
present gruesome offerings at the Greatfray’s Herdstones,
and in return the beasts lead the Slaves to Darkness into
the hearts of enemy territories. Such mingling with the
god-worshippers is looked down upon by some of the
other Greatfrays, but the Darkwalkers pay little mind
to this stigma. To them, there are no boundaries that
cannot be transgressed, and no route to anarchy that
should be ignored.


PAGEBREAK
25

warpaths to butcher and wreak ruin, and with each vile
act of desecration they tear greater rents in the fabric of
reality. As more raw Chaos energy pours into the Mortal
Realms, the shamans foresee a time when Morghur will
not only manifest himself once more, but will be raised
up to the Chaos pantheon above all of the other Dark
Gods. It is for this reason that many other Greatfrays
are wary of the Gavespawn, for where most Beasts of
Chaos seek to erode the barriers between the
Realm of Chaos and the Mortal Realms,
the Gavespawn wish to reduce
all of existence to a seething
primordial sludge, through
which Morghur’s essence
can flow unhindered.

GAVESPAWN

In body and mind, there are no Beasts of Chaos more
warped than those of the Gavespawn. As the creatures
of this Greatfray stampede into battle, hunched over
to run on all fours or skittering sideways, long tongues
flap from their gaping maws and their clawed limbs
contort into twisted configurations. The braying call of
the beastmen rises to a soul-piercing shriek, while the
booming roars of bullgors, Dragon Ogors and towering
monstrosities drown out all other thoughts and fill
minds with nightmarish visions. Falling upon their
prey,
the beasts begin to lash out erratically, car ving
flesh and bone with each anarchic sweep of their blades
and claws. With unabating viciousness, the creatures
continue to tear into their foes, and the horror of facing
such savagery is enough to snap the sanity of many
mortal warriors.

Gavespawn

The Gavespawn worship an entity known as Morghur
– the Great Devolver and Bringer of Mutation. A being
of the Realm of Chaos, Morghur manifested himself in
the world-that-was many times, spreading disorder and
corruption wherever he walked and reforming the land
to mirror his own dark visions. Though that world was
destroyed, Morghur’s essence persisted, and through
cracks in the veil between realities has seeped steadily
into the wilds of the Mortal Realms.

To the beasts of the Gavespawn, the most blessed
creations of Morghur are the Chaos Spawn – those
mutated aberrations that writhe uncontrollably in
places redolent with warping energy. In these supremely
mutated creatures, the Gavespawn see their god’s
degenerate will brought into being. As such, when the
bodies of the Greatfray’s mightiest champions are hacked
and hewn in battle, they are sometimes given the Gift of
Morghur, and are reborn as Chaos Spawn.

There are an inordinate number of Bray-Shamans
amongst the Gavespawn, and their fell ravings become
even more profane when their twisted god visits
prophecies upon them. These Bray-
Shamans steer the stampedes
of their beastherds, leading
them on wending


PAGEBREAK
Skullfrays

26

SKULLFRAYS

Those Beasts of Chaos that worship Khorne are gifted with a portion of the
Blood God’s undying rage and unquenchable thirst for murder. They see the
shattering of cities and tearing down of idols as distractions, to be indulged in
only after the lands have been drowned in gore and crimson rain pours from
the skies. With every bloody battle, their bestial instincts are further honed,
their lust for ki l ling sharpened like a blade in one of their patron’s great
forges. Gone is their desire for rampant anarchy,
for Khorne shows them that
through disciplined warfare and martial prowess, the entirety of the Mortal
Realms can be transformed into a slaughterhouse.

Skullfrays march upon their enemies in tightly grouped herds. Equipped
with vicious blades and armour daubed with profane runes, their attacks are
lethally precise, car ving limbs and torsos with well-measured sweeps, and
severing heads to release fountains of gore. As they wade through the freshly
spilled viscera, they begin to froth at the mouth, their rage building with every
drop of warm blood that touches their skin. Eventually,
they allow their pent-
up ferocity to burst violently to the surface, and in an explosive flurry they
butcher what enemies remain. After battle, the skulls of the fallen are gathered
up and placed in great piles at the base of Herdstones as an offering to Khorne.

The most infamous Khornate Greatfray is the Eighthorn Skullfray.
Worshipping Khorne as the Great Brass Bull that gores the realms, the
Eighthorn’s
stampedes across Chamon have wrought untold devastation.
Their most gruesome practice is the devouring of the dead and dying,
which they believe imbues them with the might of those they have killed.
Every ounce of flesh is ripped from their opponents and consumed, but the
one organ they do not eat is the brain, for it contains no strength, and is
therefore discarded.

Twistfrays

TWISTFRAYS

Known as weirdhorns, warphooves or fleshchangers, the Beasts of Chaos that
worship Tzeentch are drawn from the wilds by the scent of magic. They seek
not only to rend flesh and spill blood, but to defile the enchantments wrought
by the other races. They view their Dark God as the Beast with Many Forms,
the reshaper of realms who devours flesh, magic and fate before regurgitating
them in forms more pleasing to the true children of Chaos.

The Herdstones of these Twistfrays morph into different configurations over
time, growing larger and more redolent with energy as beasts adorn them with
ensorcelled artefacts and feed tomes of knowledge into their fires. Along with
flocks of Tzaangors and winged monstrosities, the streams of Chaos energy
that flow from these Herdstones attract half-mad scholars from nearby places
of civilisation. Rather than killing these men, the Tzeentchian beasts simply
watch as their god moulds these interlopers into more savage creatures, giving
rise to new beastherds.

The oldest and most feared Twistfray is the Ulk’gnar of Hysh. Once a tribe
of beasts who sought enlightenment, they embraced the human half of
themselves and eschewed their most primal desires. They lived peacefully with
the surrounding tribes, but when Sigmar came to their lands, the humans and
aelves turned on them, and they were all but wiped out.

By the end of the Age of Myth, only a single beast of the Ulk’gnar
remained,
and it called upon Tzeentch for aid in avenging its dead kin. The aelf and
human tribes – now grown into flourishing kingdoms – were overtaken by
the Change Curse, and as their peoples devolved into bestial savages they tore
themselves apart. Those new-formed beasts then joined with the Ulk’gnar,
as
have many other civilisations in this Twistfray’s wake.


PAGEBREAK
Rotfrays

Slakefrays

27

ROTFRAYS

Before the Nurgle-worshipping beasts of the Rotfrays are within range to
strike with their blades, their putrid stench has already nauseated the ranks
of their enemies. Roaring animal mouths reveal fangs riven with decay, and
from muscled limbs hang dense clusters of boils and protuberant
tumours.
In their filth-encrusted manes crawl all manner of pests and parasites – not
only bloodmites and scabspyders, but also plump daemonic slugs and pox-
carr ying bileflies. These feculent herds are the bringers of disease and the
harbingers of woe to the Mortal Realms.

The Beasts of Chaos that worship Nurgle see themselves as mar tyrs amongst
their kind. By beseeching the Plague God, they seek the means to erode the
realms with pestilence, decomposing the civilised lands to make way for the
wilderness. They fight without fear, knowing that their deaths are part of the
cycle of rot and reformation, and when they are wounded, geysers of pus and
foetid blood spray out to infect their foes.

The Manglegut Rotfray of Ghur was led to worship Nurgle by a grotesquely
corpulent alphabeast known as Sloughtooth. Guided by his demagoguery,
the Mangleguts befouled their Herdstones and began self-flagellating so
that their wounds would become infected. The Rotfray quickly became host
to many festering plagues, and from them disease spread throughout the
surrounding lands. Sloughtooth was eventually killed in battle;
impaled upon
the spear of the Frostlord Gruthbav,
the colossal beast’s belly erupted in a
shower of viscera. Those ogors covered by the putrid gore were transformed
into rotted effigies whilst still on their mounts, whereas those beasts bathed
in Sloughtooth’s parting deluge were buoyed by the repugnant display of
their patron god’s favour, and have continued to spread the taint of Nurgle
ever since.

SLAKEFRAYS

The savage bacchanals of Slaanesh-worshipping Beasts of Chaos are without
equal in the wilds. Feasting and fighting to indulge their every desire, the
hedonistic creatures become steadily more frenzied until their hunger for
mayhem can no longer be contained. They then stampede towards the nearest
city, announcing their coming with shrill blasts of their brayhorns, and
launch themselves at the first enemies they see, brutalising their prey in a
rapturous state of frenzy.

To the Beasts of Chaos, Slaanesh is the Decadent Fiend – the feaster,
the
breeder and the apex defiler. Those creatures that give themselves over to
the Dark Prince’s
sadistic influence find themselves filled with hatred and
jealousy towards the civilised peoples of the Mortal Realms. They both
love and loathe the pretty baubles and ornate trinkets crafted by other
races, and are driven to sack whole nations in search of such fripperies.
Their lust for fine things leads them to rampage through cities long after all
their inhabitants have been slaughtered, devouring jewels and gold ingots,
and melting down precious metals with which to gild their horns, hooves
and Herdstones. In the aftermath of these vicious revelries, when there is
naught left but ruin, the beasts are overtaken by self-hatred, their idolatry
of civilisation laid bare in their minds. Yet
this soon fades as they set out
towards bigger and grander empires that can be looted.

In Aqshy,
the rampages of the Slaanesh-worshipping Gravenkin are so prolific
that several Seeker hosts have begun following this Slakefray’s stampedes.
The Daemonettes believe the beasts have scented the Dark Prince and are
car ving a path towards where he is imprisoned, and with every land they pass
through, the Gravenkin partake in even greater and more sadistic depravities.


PAGEBREAK
Beastlords

28

BEASTLORDS

Ferocious warriors, merciless warlords, brutal tyrants of the lawless wilds – Beastlords are the alphabeasts of the
Brayherds, ruling through domineering w i l l and acts of brutal fury. They lead massed stampedes to crush whole
nations before them and spread anarchy across the Mortal Realms.

Only the largest beastmen can
ever hope to become Beastlords.
Those possessed of such stature
are inherently respected by their
kin, yet size alone is not enough
for them to command the fur y of
an entire beastherd. Solely through
vicious displays of strength and cruel
cunning can a beastman become
an apex creature of Chaos, the lead
brute whom all others follow as they
tear down civilisations and those
who would protect them.

Beastlords arise from amongst the
teeming throngs of gors. Where the
weakest of these creatures are killed

by warped monstrosities that roam
the wilderness or are butchered
by their own kin for sport, the
strongest manage to fight off those
that would prey upon them, quickly
asserting themselves as predators
to be feared. With every rival they
defeat, they become even more
dominant, their bodies rippling
with corded muscle and their horns
growing to the size of swords. Cold
and uncaring intelligence sees these
beasts launching many successful
raids upon enemy territories, from
which they garner vast spoils to be
offered to their Herdstone, as well as
abundant raw materials with which

to fashion themselves armour and
weapons. Eventually, such a creature
will challenge the alphabeast of
its beastherd, believing itself to be
mightier, and amidst the bloodthirsty
braying of scores of onlookers the two
will engage in savage combat. These
challenges can last for days, or they
may be over in a matter of seconds,
with the greater beast impaling the
lesser on its horns or crushing its
rival’s skull beneath its hooves. Either
way, whoever wins becomes the
undisputed Beastlord, a position they
hold until they are challenged by an
even stronger creature.

With a Beastlord at its head, a
beastherd is less like an army and
more like an enormous hunting
pack. The Beastlord leads its herds to
stalk and encircle their prey, gaining
advantage by sowing terror and
confusion through the enemy’s ranks
and ensuring that there is no place
for their foes to run. When the time
to slaughter arrives, the Beastlord
signals the attack with a bloodthirsty
roar, which is joined by the shrill
blasts of brayhorns on all sides of the
enemy’s position.

The Beastlord charges into the fray
with ferocious vigour,
its deep,
bleated bellows a challenge to any
foolish enough to face it. Armed
with a pair of brutal axes, it carves
a gory path through the ranks
of its enemies, lopping off limbs
with practised strikes and hacking
through armour to open bellies and
split skulls. Amidst the massacre,
the Beastlord proudly asserts its own
ferocity, holding aloft the severed
heads and spilt innards of freshly
butchered foes for its enemies and
followers to see. Yet
it is when the
Beastlord comes across an opposing
champion that its fu l l fur y is at
last unleashed, for to maintain
its unquestioned position as the
alphabeast, a Beastlord must not
only dominate all other beastmen –
it must dominate the heroes of the
enemy as well.


PAGEBREAK
Great Bray-Shamans

GREAT BRAY-SHAMANS

Ser ving as baleful advisors to the Beastlords and as profane preachers to the gor-kin herds, Bray-Shamans can be
found at the heart of many Brayherds. Like the rest of their kind, they have an insatiable appetite for carnage and
desecration, yet their greatest strength is their ability to wield raw and destructive Chaos energy.

29

Amongst the beastmen, the
Bray-Shamans are the only
creatures whose fearsome mantle
is not derived from physicality
alone. These twisted soothsayers
perceive the shifting currents of
Chaos energy that flow into the
realms, and through apocalyptic
proclamations guide the stampedes
of the beastherds along the path of
greatest ruination. It is they who
enact gruesome rituals before and
after battle, sifting through viscera
and staring into fires to experience
doom-laden visions; it is they who
carve the runes into the faces of
Herdstones, graven marks that
glow with anarchic power when the
shamans begin their profane chants.

Whether born with their abhorrent
abilities or having acquired powers
by some malevolent means, Bray-
Shamans are so glutted with Chaos
energy that they exude a visible
warping aura. The ground churns
beneath their hooves, worms
emerging through the mud only to
wrap around and devour themselves.
Weeds shrivel, sprout tooth-like
thorns or uproot themselves entirely,
and light bends backwards to create
halos of writhing shadow around
the shamans’ horns. To the other
creatures of the Brayherds, the Bray-
Shaman is a beacon of ruin on the
battlefield, stirring their slaughter-
lust to even greater heights.

In the midst of combat, a Bray-
Shaman wields their Chaos-derived
powers to savage the enemy.
Swarms of flesh-eating insects are
summoned and sent streaming into
the foe, clouds of entropic mist are
conjured to rapidly erode weapons
and armour, and the shaman’s
fellow
beasts are imbued with unnatural
fury. Through their feral magics, a
Bray-Shaman can even dominate
the minds of monstrous beasts
brought to bear in the enemy’s army,
turning the pent-up ferocity of
these creatures upon their hapless
erstwhile masters.

BESTIAL SPELLS

When the Shyish necroquake tore through the realms, the lands were
flooded with primal energy, giving rise to wild magics that linger without
end. These endless spells are shaped by the latent power of the places
from which they are manifested, with those from the domains of the
Beasts of Chaos being savage and slaughterous. From the raging fires of
the largest Herdstones charge Wildfire Tauruses; wrought from rage and
flame, these gargantuan bulls flatten all in their path, incinerating entire
ranks of soldiers without ever slowing. Those who hear the cawing of
the Ravening Direflocks have visions in which their eyes and organs are
plucked at for all eternity, yet it is those who run in an attempt to avoid
this fate that the spectral ravens fall upon. But perhaps the most baleful of
the bestial magics is the Doomblast Dirgehorn. Resembling the colossal
brayhorn of Gluhak the Beastlord, this thunderous instrument resounds
ever louder, driving sane minds to madness and reducing those in earshot
to a disoriented stupor.


PAGEBREAK
Beastmen

30

BEASTMEN

Snarling and savage, the beastmen surge towards their prey in raucous herds with teeth and weapons bared. They
are the most numerous Beasts of Chaos, forming the bulk of the Brayherds. With two distinct breeds – gors and
ungors – divided by size and ferocity, beastmen serve as marauders, massed infantr y and shock troops.

GORS

The larger of the two beastman
breeds, gors stand taller than most
men and are considerably stronger.
On powerful legs they charge across
a battlefield, closing upon their prey
with terrifying speed before hacking
them apart with crudely wrought
axes and brutal spiked implements.
Even unarmed, the wolf-like fangs
and long curling horns of gors make
them fearsome killers. Each gor
herd is fronted by a Foe-render –
typically the beast with the largest
horns or thickest mane – who leads
its warrior kin by violent example,
mauling opponents without mercy
to the sound of bloodthirsty braying.
Some gor herds carr y brayhorns with
which they add to the cacophony
of battle, as well as banners made
of flayed skin or filth-encrusted
pelts, the stench of which stokes
the creatures’
lust for slaughter
and anarchy.

BESTIGORS

The strongest and meanest gors
carve out positions of great privilege
within their beastherds. Known as
Bestigors, they take for themselves
the best spoils after battle, and
during barbaric feasts shove their
way close to the Herdstone to
bask in its warping glow. These
dominant creatures clad themselves
in armour that they have ripped
from the corpses of their enemies,
and wield massive two-handed axes
that they use to assert themselves
as apex despoilers. Bestigors are
viewed with favour by Beastlords
and Bray-Shamans, who use them as
bodyguards or afford them positions
at the forefront of a stampede, where
they can be the first creatures into
combat. But a Beastlord must be ever
war y of their Bestigors, for inevitably
the boldest of these creatures wi l l
mount a challenge to usurp their
position as alphabeast.

UNGORS

Ungors are the smallest of the
beastmen, with short, stumpy horns
and patchy manes. As the most
man-like creatures of the Brayherds,
they are regularly tormented and
brutalised by their more fearsome
kin, hunted for sport and forced to
scavenge for scraps on the fringes
of savage feasts. This breeds hatred
and malevolence in the ungors, and
forces them to gather in massed
herds for sur vival. Together they
skulk through the shadows,
looking
for prey upon whom they can
unleash their bitter enmity. Where
other Beasts of Chaos are stronger,
ungors are incredibly dexterous, able
to craft more-intricate weapons and
armour than others of their warped
kind. As such, Ungors are tasked
with cobbling together axes and
shields for the other beasts, and even
fashion simple bows that they use to
deadly effect.


PAGEBREAK
31

TUSKGOR CHARIOTS

The chariots of the Beasts of Chaos
are ramshackle constructions built
from heavy pieces of lumber and
iron scrounged from the ruins of
despoiled cities. Bound with tattered
leather straps or the sinews of
slain monstrosities, and with huge
spikes holding together the crudely
shorn crossbeams, these vehicles
show no hint of finesse in their
craftsmanship, but they are sturdy
enough to carr y their riders to the
front line and deliver a devastating
impact upon arrival.

Each chariot is lashed to a pair of
tuskgors – grotesque, many-horned
beasts that roam the Chaos-infused
wilds. Drawn by these creatures, the
Tuskgor Chariot rumbles into battle,
the loud braying of its beastmen
crew rising above the pounding of
hooves and the clatter of uneven
wheels. With whip and spear the

CENTIGORS

Centigors are hulking creatures with
the muscular torso of a beastman
and the lower body of a four-legged
animal. They careen across the
battlefield in haphazard formations,
barrelling down upon the front lines
or tearing around to outflank their
enemies, and with crude spears
carried in man-like hands they crash
recklessly into their prey. Iron tips
plunge into flesh and burst through
rib-cages; shield walls crumble and
impaled mounts are staked to the
ground. As the foes reel under the
weight of the impact, the Centigors
rear back, mauling with their clawed
forelimbs as they prepare to lunge
again with their spears.

Standing head and shoulders
above all but the largest Beastlords,
Centigors have the strength to match
their towering stature. However,
they lack the wiles of some other
Beasts of Chaos. Unless reined in
by a dominant alphabeast, they
have a tendency to give away their

gor driver lashes and prods the
tuskgors onwards, while the Bestigor
at the chariot’s
rear holds aloft its
great axe, preparing to lop off heads
the moment the vehicle reaches
the enemy.

Creating a Tuskgor Chariot is no
small task, and requires a degree
of discipline that is unnatural to
the Beasts of Chaos. Seeing the
devastation wrought by the war
engines of its enemies, a Bestigor
may experience visions of barbaric
grandeur and be inspired to craft
their own chariot, going against
their own bestial nature to plan their
newly conceived contraption. The
Bestigor sets off to hunt the tuskgors
that wi l l become its draw-beasts,
spending long days chasing the
creatures through woods and craggy
mountains. Many a Bestigor is killed
by the very quarr y they stalk, their
spine shattered by a sidelong charge
and their entrails devoured while
they bleed out. But the strongest and
most indomitable manage to corner
and subdue a pair of tuskgors to
serve their ambitions.

In fabricating the chariot itself, the
Bestigor employs a combination of
brutal threats and physical coercion
to exhort a team of gors and ungors
to labour on their behalf. The ungors,
with their relatively nimble fingers,
lash together the frame of the chariot
with rope, sinew or desiccated vines.
Meanwhile, the gors condition
the tuskgors to respond to violent
stimuli, a process in which most
of the trainers are killed and
devoured. The gor that eventually
succeeds in gaining dominance
over the tuskgors is retained as the
driver, while the ungors are simply
run down for sport as the chariot-
mounted Bestigor tests the efficacy of
their creation.

Though seen as oddities amongst
their beastherds, Tuskgor Chariot
riders are nonetheless respected.
The carnage they wreak from atop
their war machines is proof they
have not given up their savage
natures entirely, and the speed with
which they bear down upon their
foes makes them the envy of many
twisted creatures.

ambushing positions by bellowing
loudly and charging towards the
first enemies they see. They are
also particularly clumsy, and while
innately skilled at wielding simple
weapons, they lack the capacity to
create new implements of warfare.
They therefore use what attributes
they do have to bully more adroit
creatures such as ungors into
crafting their equipment, and out of
sheer spite and envy often run down
and slaughter the smaller beasts once
their work is done.

Centigors gather in sprawling herds
in the barren expanses of their
Greatfray’s domain. They roam
across howling deserts and tangled
scrublands, or else flatten large
swathes of dense forest or jungle
in which they can cavort. From
these desolated territories they
make long migrations towards the
Herdstones erected by the other
Beasts of Chaos, defecating at the
base of each monolith to mark their

presence. During the feasting, as
before battle, they glut themselves on
potent drink – brews consisting of
fermented blood, sulphurous liquids
and Chaos-infused oozes that they
bring from their territories. These
mixtures send the Centigors into a
state of drunken bravado in which
they are blind to fear and pain, and
only upon waking the next morning
do they feel the hideous toll of
consuming such noxious cocktails.

Due to their speed and constant
inebriation, Centigors are used as
messengers by Bray-Shamans. A
shaman wi l l whisper a message to a
Centigor before sending it galloping
towards another beastherd, there
to spread the mystic sage’s
fell
prophecies. Centigors lack the wit
to remember the message they
have been told, but upon reaching
their destination the message is
relayed,
issuing from the beast’s
drooling mouth in the voice of its
original speaker.


PAGEBREAK
Tzeentchian Beastmen

32

TZEENTCHIAN BEASTMEN

Amongst the Beasts of Chaos are flocks of savage, avian-like beastmen dedicated to Tzeentch. These Tzaangors
exist in places where the Architect of Fate has gained a foothold in the Mortal Realms, and with warped bodies
and minds they serve the ever-shifting whims of their dark patron.

TZAANGOR SHAMANS

Fell winds howl throughout the
hinterlands; drifting clouds twist
into animal shapes before devouring
one another ; grand rivers flow
backwards, their churning waters
spitting forth mutated wildlife and
screaming daemonic entities. These
omens and scores of others portend
the coming of a Tzaangor Shaman,
the most powerful of Tzeentch’s
bestial creations. They are the leaders
of the warflocks that serve the Great
Conspirator, blessed with magical
abilities and prophetic visions. Some
are creatures born with the mark of
Tzeentch emblazoned upon them;
others have their gifts bestowed
upon them only after performing
gruesome rituals, and others still
are created from the devolved flesh
of sorcerous mortals who delved
too deep into profane practices. Yet
regardless of how they were formed,
they are held in reverence by the
Beasts of Chaos, and amongst the
Tzaangors are seen as holding the
greatest of boons – the ability to
transmute other mortal creatures
into true children of Chaos.

With a warping corona crackling
around its raised staff, the Tzaangor
Shaman unleashes its mutagenic
spell upon its enemies. Bolts of
blue-tinged energy lance outwards,
enveloping the foe and causing them
to fall to the ground in writhing
agony. Those afflicted feel their flesh
pulling away from their bones as
muscles and organs contort into new
shapes. The skin on their faces peels
back and their mouths rip open as
avian beaks erupt from their skulls.
Amidst this unbearable pain, the
victims’ minds are similarly mutated,
their hopes and desires twisted and
their animalistic impulses brought
raging to the surface. In a matter of
moments, the cruel transformation
is complete. The stricken rise as
glistening-skinned Tzaangors,
their previous alliances forgotten,
replaced by unquestioning devotion
to Tzeentch.

Despite being inextricably bound to
Tzeentch, Tzaangor Shamans tend
to be welcomed by most other Beasts
of Chaos. Their ability to spread
anarchy and ruin is undeniable,
and overshadows their perceived
enslavement to one of the Dark
Gods. Driven by the wi l l of its
deific master, a Tzaangor Shaman
wi l l attempt to steer the warpath
of a beastherd, or even an entire
Greatfray, by whispering portentous
wisdoms to its alphabeast. But so
long as the course of fate brought
about by this interference leads
to savagery and despoilment, the
Shaman’s Tzeentchian proclivities
are largely ignored.

The Herdstones raised up by
Tzaangor Shamans and their flocks
pulse with sorcerous energies.
Known as flux-cairns, they serve as
focal points for rituals not practised
by other Beasts of Chaos, such as the
distilling of mages’ blood to create
potent elixirs, as well as feasts in
which the Tzeentchian beasts eat
the tongues of their enemies to gain
their speech and insights. Many
of the most warped monstrosities
that prowl the Chaos-drenched
wilds are drawn to these flux-
cairns – Chimeras, Cockatrices
and Jabberslythes fly from leagues
away, guided by the mutative
stench that emanates from the
arcane Herdstone.

Tzaangor Shamans go to battle atop
Discs of Tzeentch. Birthed in the
Realm of Chaos, these daemonic
steeds allow their riders to fly high
above the field of war, where they
can rain their magics down upon
their foes. As befits an entity created
by the Changer of Ways, Discs
of Tzeentch var y wildly in form,
though most bristle with horns and
have multiple fanged maws that
they use to eviscerate the enemies of
their master. Each Disc of Tzeentch
is psychically tethered to its rider,
allowing Tzaangor Shamans to steer
their mounts by thought alone.

TZAANGORS

Lying in hiding within mist-
shrouded woods, or concealed
by mirage-like illusions, flocks of
Tzaangors watch their enemies and
wait for the time to strike. At the
ordained moment their charge is
announced with strange trilling
calls, the clacking of avian tongues
and brayhorn blasts that sunder the
sanity of those in earshot. The bestial
creatures flit forward brandishing
savage blades, their piercing eyes
lining up prey to be slaughtered
in glorious and savage tribute
to Tzeentch.

Tzaangors are possessed of far
greater intelligence than other
beastmen, and look down upon
those creatures as unevolved brutes.
Yet
their lofty opinion of themselves
is well deserved, for in single combat
a Tzaangor is more than a match
for many of its bestial cousins.
Where most Beasts of Chaos rely
on strength and ferocity alone to
overcome their enemies, Tzaangors
employ deception and trickery,
deftly feinting to wrong-foot and
outmanoeuvre their enemies before
ferociously hacking them apart with
ornate weapons.

The strangely mutated minds of
Tzaangors are drawn towards magic.
They ravenously seek out flows of
arcane energy, devouring the flesh of
mages so that it can be regurgitated
at the base of flux-cairns, and
hoarding ensorcelled artefacts so
that they can be given as offerings to
Tzeentch. Tzaangor are also keenly
attuned to the wending strands of
fate, and instinctively track the paths
of certain futures so that they can be
brought into being through acts of
despoilment. Those Tzaangors who
serve Tzeentch well in these regards
are given further gifts of mutation,
their bodies metamorphosing and
their savage potency increasing,
with the most blessed being elevated
to the ranks of the Skyfires or
the Enlightened.


PAGEBREAK
This same vision allows the
Enlightened to see their enemies’
every move repeated, each misplaced
step and unbalanced weapon swing
played out again and again. In a split
second, they gain more knowledge
of their foes than a predator gains in
weeks of stalking its prey. Lunging

forwards with spears wrought of
change-metal, the Enlightened target
those opponents they know to be
the weakest, stabbing where a poorly
balanced shield, niggling injury
or unjustified sense of confidence
preclude the foe from mounting any
form of defence.

33

TZAANGOR SKYFIRES

Skyfires are seen as paragons
amongst the Tzaangor warflocks.
Riding atop scintillating Discs of
Tzeentch,
they command almost as
much awe as the Tzaangor Shamans
themselves, and often accompany
the bestial mages into battle. They
carr y enormous bows wrought
from the wood of divining rods and
magical staves, and from the air
shoot hails of arrows into the ranks
of enemies below.

Compared to other Tzaangors,
the fate-sense of Skyfires is greatly
enhanced, allowing them at any
given moment to perceive multiple
potential futures. Rendered mute by
Tzeentch, a Skyfire can never speak
of what it sees, but is still able to
use its knowledge to deadly effect.
Peering into the kaleidoscope of
futures, a Skyfire lines up the events
it wishes to unfold. The creature
draws back its bow string, nocks
a fated arrow then sets it upon its
course. The missile flies through
the air, every foreseen gust of wind
steering it to where it is supposed
to be, until it inevitably reaches its
predestined target. With a wet thud
the arrow lances through gaps in
armour plating, sliding between ribs
to puncture vital internal organs.
Before the geyser of blood has
erupted from the wound, the
Skyfire has already lined up
another shot, and has chosen
the arrow that wi l l spell death
for its next victim.

TZAANGOR
ENLIGHTENED

Tzaangor Enlightened possess a
strange ability to perceive echoes
of past events manifested around
them. In battle, this allows them to
see the hidden secrets and unspoken
fears of their enemies brought to
life. Many foes are driven mad
as the squawking tongues of the
Enlightened retell buried tales of
betrayal, repeat the dying words of
loved ones or loudly announce those
self-doubts one only whispers when
alone. As hatreds and jealousies are
divulged, some warriors even turn
upon their own allies, striking them
down for slights that have been laid
bare by the Tzeentchian beasts.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodgreed Brutes

34

BLOODGREED BRUTES

Roared battle cries and pounding drums rise above the clangour of battle as the bullgors lower their horns and
charge into combat. They are the most fearsome warriors of the Greatfrays, the battering rams that smash open
cities and sunder entire armies, and with every enemy they butcher, their blood-fuelled fur y grows stronger.

DOOMBULLS

Doombulls are the most dominating
beasts of the Warherds. Rising
from amongst the bullgors, they are
invariably the strongest and most
ferocious of their kind, with hulking
bodies and enormous blood-stained
horns, the span of which could
encompass several lesser gor-kin. At
savage feasts, a Doombull asserts its
status by bellowing out challenges
to any brave enough to face it. Only
the most brash bullgors respond to
such provocation, and those that do
are butchered in short measure, their
horns ripped off and attached to the
alphabeast’s weapons and armour.

A Doombull
leads by brutal example,
charging ahead of the stampeding
herds to be first into the fray. Armed
with a giant two-handed axe – the
blade of which alone is as large as
an ungor – the great-horned beast
cleaves through enemy formations.
With every swipe, multiple torsos
are hewn in two, and great gobs of
mangled viscera are sent raining
down upon those enemies who
remain. As the devastating slaughter
continues, the Doombull’s
frenzied
bellowing acts as a clarion call to
the other creatures of the Warherd,
violently inciting their most
bestial tendencies.

Like all of their ilk, Doombulls
are consumed by the bloodgreed,
and feast rapaciously on the flesh
of those they have just killed. By
taking on the mightiest of enemies,
a Doombull ensures that the meat
it ingests is redolent with strength,
allowing it to grow larger and more
powerful with each massacre. But
this all-consuming hunger means
that Doombulls rarely become the
alphabeast of an entire Greatfray –
their warped minds are ill-suited
to planning manifold ambushes
and converging stampedes, and
are instead focused solely on the
bloodshed of the next battle.

BULLGORS

The monstrous, taurine creatures
known as bullgors roam the wilds
in nomadic herds, driven ever
forwards by the smell of warm flesh
and pumping blood. An insatiable
hunger gnaws at their souls, giving
rise to savagery and recklessness
far surpassing that of the smaller
gor-kin, and leading them to seek
out any and all foes upon whom they
can feast. With an arrogance born
of their massive stature, the bullgors
barrel into combat, smashing
through barricades and shield walls
to get within ki l ling distance of the
most imposing enemies.

Bullgors hack at their prey in
an explosion of rage, ceaselessly
raining down axe blows with their
grotesquely muscled arms. As
they disembowel and lop limbs off
their foes, the bullgors snap their
fanged jaws to catch chunks of still-
quivering flesh out of the air. Such
is the bloodgreed of these ferocious
brutes that they wi l l even attempt
to glut themselves on the tattered
wisps of butchered gheists, or on the
evaporating essence of daemonic
creatures. It is no natural hunger
that gives rise to such behaviour, and
most of their victims are chomped to
a pulp and left in gruesome heaps on
the blood-soaked ground.


PAGEBREAK
a cyclopean orb that is blind to
physical matter but that can see
the magic-soaked souls of wizards
blazing like flames in the darkness.
This allows Cygors to pick out their
favoured prey in the midst of raging
battle, whereupon they stomp their
way through ranks of mundane
enemies in order to feast upon the
flesh of the enchanted.

A Cygor perceives mystic evocations
as they are being formed, and with
its enormous maw it swallows spells

before they can be fully manifested.
As the horned beast consumes this
magic, it also devours a portion of
the soul that shaped the spell.

Cygors are both drawn to and
disgusted by buried ruins upon
which ancient wards and protective
enchantments have been carved.
With shovel-like hands they dig up
this magic-laden debris; then, after
sniffing out the location of distant
enemies, hurl the boulders with
devastating force.

35

GHORGONS

Three things precede a Ghorgon’s
approach: the thick stench of curdled
blood mixed with rank saliva; the
rumbling of boulder-sized hooves
pounding the earth; and a deep,
deafening roar as the colossal beast
picks up the scent of its prey. The
Ghorgon stomps towards its next
meal on huge, tree-trunk-like legs.
Its gaping mouth reveals rows of
jagged teeth, shreds of rotting meat
and pieces of bone hanging from
them – the last remnants of previous
feasts. Upon reaching its prey, the
Ghorgon uses one set of arms – those
ending in vicious, bony hooks – to
maim and mangle, while the great,
grasping hands of its other arms grab
up victims, shovelling the screaming
unfortunates into its slobbering maw.

Some believe that Ghorgons are
descended from a Warherd of
bullgors in whom the bloodgreed
curse was impossibly strong. Their
agonising hunger drove them to
cannibalism, with the biggest and
strongest bullgors eating whole herds
of their kin. The consumption of so
much Chaos-tainted muscle caused
them to grow ever larger, and with
their size their hunger also increased.
Some grew gnashing jaws on the
their chests, others slavering mouths
on the broad palms of their hands, all
the better to help them feed.

When steered into battle by a
fearless alphabeast, a Ghorgon is an
incarnation of slaughter, ravenously
attempting to sate its hunger by
devouring scores of enemies. But
when there are no more foes to
consume, such a creature wi l l just as
happily eat its fellow beasts.

CYGORS

Like Ghorgons, Cygors are a
monstrously malformed breed of
bullgor whose curse makes them
hunger not for flesh, but for magic.
The ancestors of the Cygors ate
Great-Bray Shamans, as well as
witch doctors and hedge mages from
primitive human and aelf tribes. In
digesting this ensorcelled meat, the
Cygors were warped to gargantuan
proportions. Their eyes converged
into a single glowing organ in
the middle of their foreheads,


PAGEBREAK
Dragon Ogors

36

DRAGON OGORS

They are the scions of the storm, the bringers of ruin and the enders of nations – they are Dragon Ogors, ancient
and terrible beasts who rule over the mountain peaks. Cursed by the Chaos Gods with immortality, they have
rained terror and devastation upon their enemies since the dawn of the Mortal Realms.

DRAGON OGOR
SHAGGOTHS

There is no beast of the warping
wilds more dominant, nor more
terrifying, than a Dragon Ogor
Shaggoth. From atop the tallest
of peaks, it looks down upon the
civilised lands, its hatred and
disdain manifesting as a growing
tempest. At the monster’s bellowed
call, the mountains shake to their
foundations and lightning is
brought forking down from the

skies. This declaration of disaster
is heard for leagues in every
direction, warning those who hear
it to ready what defences they can
muster. But the Shaggoth cares
not what preparations are made
for its coming, and sees fortresses
and teeming armies as paltry
impediments to its relentless fury.

Shaggoths are the largest of the
Dragon Ogors, who over their long
lifespans have continued to grow.

Though their kind are immune to
death by age, they can still be slain
in battle, and so only the strongest
and most ferocious and most wi lfu l
Thunderscorn creatures survive
the millennia required to become a
Shaggoth. Those that do are revered
as demigods – not only by their
fellow Dragon Ogors, but by all
Beasts of Chaos – for in their wake
lie corpse-strewn battlefields and
desolated nations beyond counting.

As a Shaggoth’s body becomes
ever-more immense, its talons
extend to the length of spears, and
its tail grows vast and muscled.
Eventually,
the Shaggoth outgrows
both the weapon it carries and the
plated scales that cover its draconic
lower limbs. The storm-beast sheds
its scales, and in the white heat of a
lightning storm fuses them onto its
weapon, creating a new, titanic blade
befitting of its monstrous wielder.

It is not size alone that makes a
Dragon Ogor a Shaggoth, for only
those who have become one with
the storm are considered true lords
of the Thunderscorn. Through these
creatures flows the untrammelled
fur y of lightning and thunder. Winds
whip around them with enough
force to uproot trees and strip skin
from flesh. By instinct and sheer
willpower, a Shaggoth summons
anarchic energies from the land and
sky, disgorging crackling bolts to
obliterate its foes and wreathing its
allies in invigorating electricity.

Shaggoths rule over vast domains,
with the Dragon Ogors of their
beastherds scattered across huge
mountain ranges or throughout
sprawling lightning-barrens. As
such, it is rare that a Shaggoth
encounters another creature large or
bold enough to challenge it. But on
those occasions when two Dragon
Ogor Shaggoths cross paths, the
brutal battle in which they engage
causes the heavens themselves to
split with fury.


PAGEBREAK
37

If these offering are worthy, storms
of apocalyptic proportions wi l l rage
in that domain. The Dragon Ogors
then enter a state of torpor in which
they absorb these swirling Chaos
energies. Once their monstrous
bodies have become infused with
power, the Dragon Ogors sweep out
over the land once more.

DRAGON OGORS

Dragon Ogors possess might enough
to best the most fearsome warriors
their enemies can muster. Their
hulking stature sees them loom over
their opponents, and their savage
skill at arms has been honed over
long lifetimes. With storm winds
howling behind them, the massive
beasts rush their foes head-on,
massacring with frenzied speed
before surging towards their next
quarry. Though such tactics lack
finesse, there is no questioning their
effectiveness, for to tr y and blunt the
charge of a Dragon Ogor herd is as
impossible as holding back a cyclone.

Aside from their prodigious strength
and unflagging fury, the most
dangerous aspect of Dragon Ogors
is their incredible resilience. Their
draconic lower half is covered in
thick, plate-like scales, off which
spears, swords and arrows ricochet
harmlessly. Only by targeting their
relatively soft underbellies or their
broad ogroid torsos can a group of
enemies even hope to do injury to
the storm-wreathed beasts. Few such
blows are landed before the Dragon
Ogors have hacked and crushed
the life out of their foes, and what
wounds the beasts do sustain are
seldom long-lasting. As the Dragon
Ogors are struck by lightning, their

rent flesh reknits, broken bones and
slashed muscles fused together by
the energy of the tempest. Some say
that in this way the Thunderscorn
creatures can even regrow lost limbs
or severed heads.

The weapons carried by Dragon
Ogors are wrought from Azyrite
metals, and were crafted when the
ancestors of the Thunderscorn
roamed wild in the Heavens. When
the Dragon Ogors were cast out
of Azyr,
their ancestral weapons
were scattered across the realms,
hurtling down as comets to land
in the wilderness. The beasts have
sought them out ever since, and
have demolished entire cities built
upon craters to retrieve their tools
of battle. Crude and brutal in form,
these weapons crackle with energy
as their wielder becomes enraged –
blade edges glow white-hot, setting
flesh ablaze with every slash, and
clubs explode with thunder, sending
the bodies of those they have struck
careening through the air.

After a season of carnage and
mayhem, the Thunderscorn herds
return to their territories deep in the
hinterlands, carr ying with them the
corpses of enemy champions and
other gruesome offerings to present
to their mountainous Herdstones.

armour, and from the sky great forks of lightning
lanced down around him – but this was not the blessed
lightning of Azyr. The Dragon Ogors were almost upon
him, and the storm that followed them was born of
pure anarchy.
In desperation, Vallen called out once more.
the ga—’
A colossal mace caved in his skull, and in a blast of
light he was returned to Azyr.

‘Close

V allen Surestride raced along the icy bridge
towards the for tress, his lungs straining in the
high mountain atmosphere. The Vanguard-
Hunter was the last of his brotherhood, the only
Stormcast Eternal not to have been hacked apar t by
the brutal beasts they had been sent to hunt. He and
his warrior brethren had set out to drive the Chaos
creatures away from the For tress of Glaciers and the
Azyrite Realmgate that lay w ithin. That mission was
lost now, but still the for tress had to hold.
A boom of thunder split the sky. Surestride looked
up and saw the dark clouds above him gathering
speed. He was still half a league from the for tress gates
– he had to make it across the bridge and warn the
defenders of what was coming. Beneath his feet, the
ancient masonry began to rumble. He glanced behind
him and saw the charging Dragon Ogors, dozens
of teeming herds all bellow ing as they surged onto
the bridge.
‘Close the gates!’ Vallen yelled, but his voice was
drowned out by another deafening peal from above.
Rivulets of electricity began to dance across his


PAGEBREAK
Creatures of Chaos

38

CREATURES OF CHAOS

The wilderness of each Mortal Realm is home to countless monstrosities birthed of Chaos mutation. They are
tyrants of their domains, roaming out from warped lairs to hunt trespassers in their territories, and upon hearing
the cal l of a powerful alphabeast, they join the other Beasts of Chaos in bringing ruin to civilisation.

CHIMERAS

With powerful beats of its great,
leathery wings, a Chimera soars
through the sky above the battlefield.
Its three sets of eyes peer down from
on high, each hungrily searching for
prey amongst the armies gathered
below. Then, with a triptych howl,
the warped beast dives down, teeth
and claws bared as it prepares to
indulge itself in slaughter.

A Chimera is a terrifying mixture
of monstrous parts, bound together
by the raw energies of Chaos and
imbued with a ferocity surpassing
that of any natural creature.
The most striking feature of this
aberration is its three heads, each of
which has a different bestial form –
usually that of a dragon, a lion and
an enormous predatory bird. The
draconic head roasts foes with jets of
scintillating flames before greedily
devouring the charred remains; the
leonine head grips its enemies with
brutal incisors and thrashes back
and forth until the tattered bodies
fall limp; the avian head uses its
cruelly hooked beak to puncture
even the thickest of armour and
pluck out the flesh of those within.
Each head operates independently
of the others, and though they are
prone to violent disagreement as to
which prey they should hunt, they
are capable of working separately and
in terrifying concert.

Stories of Chimeras date back to the
earliest days of the Age of Myth,
but since the Dark Gods extended
their reach into the Mortal Realms,
encounters with these frightful
creatures have become increasingly
common. Like so many Beasts
of Chaos, Chimeras have many
divergent forms. There are tales of
Chimeras with ursine or crocodilian
features, and with wings like those of
a giant dragonfly.
In other Chimeras
– such as the infamous Beast of the
Bhoer Peak – the three heads have
the appearance of a human, an aelf
and a duardin.

JABBERSLYTHES

Appearing as a haphazard
conglomeration of monstrous toad,
mucosal slug-drake and many-
limbed insect, Jabberslythes are the
physical embodiment of anarchy.
Their ungainly form belies their
effectiveness as apex predators, and
each of their manifold deformities
serves to make them even deadlier.
A spike-ended tail acts as a brutal
club, pulverising foes with arcing
swings. Muck-encrusted forelimbs
end in vorpal claws that are sharp
enough to slice through ironoak.
Should a hapless victim attempt to
run, rudimentary wings allow the
Jabberslythe short bursts of flight. Its
long, proboscic tongue then shoots
out in the blink of an eye, impaling
the fleeing prey before drawing them
in to be devoured. Those enemies
that stand and fight fare little better.
As they hack at the sagging flesh of
the creature, they are coated by gouts
of black ichor that melt through
flesh, metal and bone, reducing the
brave warriors to bubbling pools
of ooze.

Even amongst the warped throngs
of the Beasts of Chaos, the vileness
of Jabberslythes is beyond compare.
So hideous is their appearance that
mirrors of polished silver shatter
in their presence and cr ystal clear
water turns to stagnant filth, all to
avoid offering up the Jabberslythe’s
reflection. To be in the presence of
such overbearing repulsiveness is
torture to a mortal mind. Those who
look directly at the Jabberslythe for
more than a moment are reduced to
a stupor and begin clawing at their
own eyes, crawling in tight circles
or screaming nonsense rhymes in a
gibberish tongue. Yet even turning
away or closing one’s eyes is small
defence against such horror. As the
foul beast draws near,
its victims see
its form projected into their minds.
Those without sufficient strength of
wi l l are rendered motionless with
madness, making them easy prey for
the Jabberslythe.

CHAOS GARGANTS

Towering in stature, and possessed
of colossal strength and endurance,
Chaos Gargants are a terrifying
presence on any battlefield. Armed
with gnarled tree-trunks lashed to
jagged rocks or serrated bones, they
batter their way through packed
ranks of enemies, swatting aside
armoured soldiers and their mounts
with ease. Those enemies who
draw too close to these titans are
splattered underfoot or else picked
screaming off the ground, their
demise to be decided by the Chaos
Gargant at some later point.

Chaos Gargants are creatures native
to the Mortal Realms who, over
long centuries, were twisted by an
influx of warping energies. At the
outset of the Age of Chaos, there
were thousands of gargant tribes
scattered across the lands. Some
fought against the forces of the Dark
Gods, while others fled from the
slaughters, migrating ever further
into the wildernesses. It was there
that these gargants were gripped by
corruption. What little wits they
had were stripped away,
leaving
only their basest and most ferocious
instincts. Their massive bodies
became increasingly warped, with
some sprouting horns, or developing
hooves in place of feet. Foulest of
all was the aura exuded by each of
these lumbering creatures, a pungent
stench that grew more repulsive as
their souls continued to rot.

Chaos Gargants are looked down
upon by the other creatures of the
wilds, for though they are ferocious,
they are completely lacking in guile,
and in spite of their destructive
might, they are not true children of
Chaos. Even so, a consuming thirst
for blood, ale and mayhem drives
them to follow the beastherds to
war. With cruel and brutal jabs from
an alphabeast, the Chaos Gargants
are goaded into the enemy lines,
there to mangle their foes with
reckless abandon.


PAGEBREAK
39

COCKATRICES

Scores of stone statues dot the
desolate wastes, eroded by time and
the corrosions of Chaos energy.
Some are missing limbs or are
bisected at the torso, and those that
still have heads wear expressions of
pure terror. In such a landscape, a
Cockatrice’s
lair is sure to be found.

Compared to other Beasts of Chaos,
Cockatrices are extremely reclusive,
emerging from their solitary hollows
only when their desire for fresh meat
grows strong. They then take wing
in search of new prey,
following
the trail of destruction left by the
beastherds into civilised lands. When
a beastherd inevitably crosses paths
with an enemy force, a Cockatrice
will skulk along the outskirts of the
conflict, patiently waiting for the
ideal time to strike.

In a flurry of motion, the Cockatrice
lunges towards its prey,
its feathered
form becoming a blur. As it surges
forwards, its eyes begin to glow
with warping energy, and it fixes
its gaze upon its targets. Those who
return this stare are turned to stone
in an instant, their petrified bodies
rendered completely motionless,
while those with the wit to avert
their eyes are set upon by the
thrashing avian monster. With
sword-like talons the Cockatrice
savages its victims, cutting flesh
to ribbons and loosing organs
onto the blood-slick ground.
The screams of the dying mingle
with the Cockatrice’s own shrill
screeching, all of which resonates
in the still-conscious minds of
those transformed to statues. Only
when the battlefield falls silent does
the Cockatrice return to its stone
creations, picking them apart bit by
bit with its powerful beak.

CHAOS SPAWN

Near the most redolent nodes
of Chaos power, shambling
abominations roam without
purpose, their insane wailing
echoing throughout the warped
landscape. These Chaos Spawn were
once mortal beings, creatures that
became so infused with entropic
energies that their bodies now
ceaselessly mutate into gruesome

new configurations. Bones protrude
through muscle and skin, growing
into long, spear-like spikes. Internal
organs burst violently outwards,
spraying acidic juices before being
enveloped into the creature’s body
once more. Limbs twist into writhing
tentacles and flapping pseudopods,
lashing in all directions as the
Chaos Spawn lurches forwards.
Such anarchy of form obliterates
the creature’s
sanity,
leaving naught
in its mind but rage, anguish and
seething hatred.

Chaos Spawn serve as a hideous
reminder of the fickle nature of
Chaos. Many beasts seek blessings
of mutation, and present their
gruesome offerings at the bases of
Herdstones in order to bask in the
corrupting glow of the monolith.
Some receive longer horns, an extra
limb or a third eye, but those whose
offerings are not worthy – as well as
those who have already received an
abundance of gifts – may instead be
subjected to the ultimate mutation,
their body ripping itself apart as
they are transformed into a Chaos
Spawn. So changed, the creature
wi l l mindlessly follow its beastherd
into battle, striking out at whatever
enemies are in their path until – by
enemy blade or its own spasmodic
devolutions – it is reduced to a
lifeless heap of flesh.

RAZORGORS

Razorgors are a warped breed of
tuskgor, mutated to monstrous size
and having developed temperaments
that are even more ferocious. With
thick layers of muscle that bulge to
such an extent that they often burst
through the skin, a Razorgor has the
might to level an enemy formation
with a single barrelling charge. These
beasts have the aspect of a gigantic
boar, with coarse hair and thick
spines bristling from their body,
though some are even more warped,
with barbed tentacles for limbs or a
second mouth at the end of their tail.

Razorgors are omnivorous,
devouring trees and rocks as greedily
as they eat other creatures, but it
is the taste of still-living flesh that
they hunger for most. Such is their
appetite and metabolism that a

Razorgor can consume an armoured
duardin and all their weaponry in a
matter of seconds and still remain
unsatisfied. Their most common
method of feeding is to charge in and
impale their prey,
thrashing with
hooves and tusks at those nearby
while their first victim is still sliding
down their gullet.

Razorgors attack other creatures
on sight, even their kindred Beasts
of Chaos. It is almost impossible
to round them up, for their size
and strength make them deadly to
would-be herders. Instead, those
alphabeasts that wish to direct the
savagery of the Razorgors against an
enemy force must coax the insatiable
beasts to the battleground by using
weaker creatures as bait.

CHAOS WARHOUNDS

Chaos Warhounds are akin to
ferocious hunting dogs, but with
barbed horns and serpentine
tentacles protruding from their
heads and bodies. These mutated
descendants of bloodhounds and
wolves prowl the darkened forests
and shadowy mountain passes
of each realm. There they prey
upon lost and weary souls who
stray from the relative safety of
civilisation. Following the scent
of fear and desperation exuded by
such individuals, the warhounds
announce the coming carnage with
unnatural howls. Upon hearing this
cacophonous baying, their prey is
filled with an inescapable sense of
dread. Few mortals are swift enough
to outrun the warhounds, and those
who stand and fight face a gruesome
death, torn limb from limb in the
slavering jaws of the hunting pack.

Chaos Warhounds are often found
wherever the beastherds gather.
Skulking at the fringes of orgiastic
feasts, they dart out to gobble up
discarded pieces of meat, or work
together to pull down lone ungors,
overly inebriated Centigors and
those beasts that have been injured
in challenges. When the savagery of
a beastherd spills into civilised lands,
the warhounds run alongside the
raging throngs of gor-kin,
informed
by warped instincts that a great hunt
has begun.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The Beasts of Chaos surge forth from the warping w ilds. With teeming throngs of savage warriors,
towering monstrosities and bestial magics, they lay waste to the forces of Order.


PAGEBREAK
ANARCHY UNLEASHED

42

ANARCHY UNLEASHED

Armed with brutal tools of slaughter and daubed with the profane symbols of the wilds, the Beasts of Chaos are
a savage presence on any battlefield. Here we present a showcase of Beasts of Chaos Citadel Miniatures expertly
painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

In a valley filled with ancient Herdstones,
the beasts of the Allherd gather for war. They prepare themselves for battle with
profane rituals and brutal challenges, ensuring that the most ferocious of their kind will lead the stampedes.


PAGEBREAK
43

Bestigor with brayhorn

Bestigor with banner

Bestigor

Bestigor Gouge-horn

Great Bray-Shamans

Beastlord

Beastmen of the Darkwalkers Greatfray emerge from a hidden Realmgate in the crumbling remains of an
ancient temple, there to ambush any who come searching for long-forgotten treasures.


PAGEBREAK
BREEDS OF CHAOS

44

BREEDS OF CHAOS

Gor of the Forebeasts
Greatfray

Slaaneshi Gor of the
Gravenkin Slakefray

Tzeentchian Gor of the
Ulk’gnar Twistfray

Khornate Bestigor of the
Eighthorn Skullfray

Nurglesque Bestigor of the
Manglegut Rotfray

The Allherd carve a path of devastation through the foothills of the Cupricon Range, butchering
the Freeguild regiments in their path and erecting Herdstones
to spread the taint of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
The uncharted wildernesses of the vast Mortal Realms are host to Greatfrays without number, whose beasts are
shaped by both the natural and Chaos energies that flow throughout their sprawling domains.

45

Hyshian Gor of the
Blindeye Greatfray

Ulguan Gor of the
Nighthowl Greatfray

Ghurish Gor of the
Gruffpack Greatfray

Shyishan Gor of the
Helstock Greatfray

Aqshian Gor of the
Scorchpelt Greatfray


PAGEBREAK
46

A roaring Warherd stampedes through a Realmgate in the Caustic Peaks of Aqshy,
Fyreslayers of the Vostarg lodge.

looking to sate their bloodgreed on the

Doombull

Bullgor Bloodkine


PAGEBREAK
47

Cygor


PAGEBREAK
48

Wildfire Taurus

Ravening Direflock

Doomblast Dirgehorn

Beneath crackling skies, a Thunderscorn Stormherd clashes with Stormcast Eternals within a Chaos-drenched for tress.


PAGEBREAK
49

A Tzaangor Shaman leads its bestial kin through the Vulcharc Peaks of Chamon.

The slavering beasts of the Gavespawn charge into the centre of a Nighthaunt procession.


PAGEBREAK
50

Chimera


PAGEBREAK
51

Jabberslythe

In the dank depths of a spore-shrouded cavern, a monstrous beastherd rampages through territory
held by Moonclan Grots, butchering the pernicious greenskins in a savage frenzy.


PAGEBREAK
FURY OF THE WILD

52

FURY OF THE WILD

From their anarchic domains, the Beasts of Chaos descend upon the civilised lands, following the cal l of mighty
alphabeasts to spread the taint of corruption throughout the Mortal Realms. There are many ways to collect a
Beasts of Chaos army, and these pages offer one example of how a beastherd can be mustered for war.

When collecting a Warhammer Age
of Sigmar army,
it’s a good idea to
have a plan. How you decide which
units to include in your Beasts of
Chaos army might be based on the
look of the models, how you envision
them performing during a tabletop
battle, or could follow a narrative
found in a battletome or even one
of your own invention. There is no
single right way to collect your army,
only the way you deem best. The
goal is the same – to field a battle-
ready Beasts of Chaos force! Here
is how we assembled the collection
shown below.

The leader of this army is a
Beastlord, a powerful creature to
which the other Beasts of Chaos are
drawn. As a model he is an imposing
figure, exuding bravado and animal
swagger, and this translates perfectly
to his role on the tabletop. Not only
is he a formidable and resilient
fighter, he also leads from the front,
charging into the enemy then using
his command ability to bolster those
beasts around him.

A Great Bray-Shaman is the perfect
secondary hero, assailing the enemy
with its spells as well as invigorating

the Beastlord and other Brayherd
units. By keeping close to the
Herdstone,
the Great Bray-Shaman
can continue to perform its grisly
rites in the thick of battle.

A large herd of Bestigors provides
a strong centre for this collection.
As elite bodyguards, they can
stampede forwards alongside their
Beastlord to hack apart the foe with
their despoiler axes. A similarly
teeming Ungor herd can overwhelm
the enemy with sheer numbers,
or be driven into the fray to tie up
the most threatening opponents,


PAGEBREAK
53

while the smaller herds of Gors
and Ungor Raiders can be used to
launch devastating ambushes. A
single Tuskgor Chariot tears along
the army’s flanks, and is capable
of closing upon the enemy with
terrifying speed.

In addition to massed throngs of
braying warriors, this beastherd also
contains several heavy-hitting units.
A monstrous Doombull stomps
across the battlefield, eager to slake
its ravenous bloodgreed on the flesh
of the enemy. With bellowed calls
it commands its Warherd beasts,
driving the Bullgors beside it to even
greater acts of slaughter. A mighty
Ghorgon towers over the battlefield
behind its bestial kin, ready to barrel
forward and devour its foes, be
they ranks of cowering infantr y or
enemy monsters.

Thunderscorn units provide even
more devastating power to the
beastherd, with a Dragon Ogor
Shaggoth able to call down the
wrath of the storm upon its enemies.
Alongside it is a herd of Dragon
Ogors, who are practised at levelling
a storm of attacks at their foes.

Lastly, a range of grotesque
Chaos monstrosities makes the
beastherd even more ferocious,
with a Cockatrice, Jabberslythe and
Chimera to soar over the battlefield,
and a slavering pack of Chaos
Warhounds to rip apart the enemy’s
front ranks.

As a whole, this Beasts of Chaos army
presents a collector and painter with a
variety of savage creatures, as well as
a competitive tabletop force offering
many exciting gaming options.

1. Beastlord
2. Great Bray-Shaman
3. Herdstone
4. Bestigors
5. Ungors
6. Gors
7. Gors
8. Ungor Raiders
9. Tuskgor Chariot
10. Doombull
11. Bullgors
12. Ghorgon
13. Dragon Ogor Shaggoth
14. Dragon Ogors
15. Cockatrice
16. Jabberslythe
17. Chimera
18. Chaos Warhounds


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR BEASTS OF CHAOS

54

PAINTING YOUR
BEASTS OF CHAOS

Whether you have never painted a Citadel Miniature in your life or are a master of the brush with decades of
experience, painting a Beasts of Chaos army offers a unique and exciting challenge. The pages that follow contain
some tips and examples to get you started with painting your own unruly beastherd.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures. There is real satisfaction
to be had in adding colour to your
collection, teasing out the finely
sculpted details, making your
miniatures your own and creating a
unified force. After all, one painted
model looks great, but an entire
army brought together through
shared colours, iconography and
heraldry is even more fantastic.
There is also immense gratification
in watching your collection grow as
you add each new painted figure to
the ranks of the finished models.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art,
lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstaking ly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach.
with basic but consistent paint jobs

that allow them to quickly complete
legions of finished warriors. And,
of course, there is plenty of middle
ground for those who enjoy painting
their troops but want to devote
special attention to key figures
such as heroes, war machines and
monsters. Again, there is no one way
to paint,
just the way that works best
for you. In the end, the goal is to
field a fully painted beastherd on the
tabletop – and with many savage and
snarling warriors in its midst, replete
with gore-encrusted weapons and
armour, an army of Beasts of Chaos
can be truly awe-inspiring.

Before painting your models, you’ ll
first need to assemble them. To begin
with, we recommend you follow the
advice given in the construction
booklet provided with your models,
but as your confidence grows
you may want to customise your
miniatures by combining different
weapons and modifying their poses.

Base paints contain a high percentage of pigment, and
deliver bold, intense colour that provides the foundation for
the paint scheme. Neat basecoats are key to a great-looking
miniature, and two thin coats are almost always better than
one thick coat.

Shade paints are almost the consistency of ink, and are
designed to run into the model’s recesses to create depth and
contrast. They are usually applied all over an area as a wash,
or painted directly into recesses such as the gaps between
armour plates.

Dry paints are applied using a technique called dr ybrushing,
which involves passing a very lightly loaded brush rapidly
across the model to apply a dusting of colour to the
raised detail. It’s a very quick way of adding highlights to
a miniature.

Layer paints are brighter colours than Base paints, and have
a smoother consistency. They are usually applied all over
an underlying Base colour to achieve a more vibrant hue,
or are painted in focused lines along raised areas and edges
as highlights.

Next, you can choose a paint
scheme. Many infamous Greatfrays
are shown on the following pages
and in the art throughout this book,
but of course it is also possible to
create your own. Your choice of
Greatfray can influence the character
of your army, as well as its abilities
(see page 61).

The Citadel Paint System takes the
guesswork out of painting, and uses
different formulations of paint to
best match different techniques. The
paints are used in a set sequence, and
each enhances the underlying colour
to produce a spectacular finished
effect. Once you have grasped the
basic techniques, you wi l l find such
results are well within reach.

The first paint you’ ll apply is called
the undercoat. Supplied in spray
cans,
it’s formulated to provide a
smooth, even surface for the colours
that follow. Once it has dried, you
can break out your brushes and
start bringing your miniature to life.
The following stage-by-stage guides
present the colours and techniques
we used to paint the Greatfrays, but
there are no ‘rules’ as to the colours
you can use for your own miniatures
– the Mortal Realms are a limitless
canvas, so it’s entirely up to you.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The guides
are available for free on
games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?


PAGEBREAK
ICONS

1

2

3

4

55

Sketch out the design in
basic shapes using a Detail
brush or a soft pencil.

Next, block out the design
with Abaddon Black.
Make sure to keep your
paint nice and thin.

Then, use the field colour
to paint in details such
as the eyes and the
nasal orifice.

Apply small dashes of
weathering using the field
colour, as well as runes in
Khorne Red.

BANNERS

LIVER SPOTS

HIDE MARKINGS

There are many different
Beasts of Chaos
Greatfrays, each of which
has their own unique
iconography. A banner is
an ideal place to showcase
the profane markings
of your collection. This
Gavespawn banner has
also been stippled at the
base with Blood For The
Blood God, for added
primal horror.

Liver spots give the
appearance of age, and
can be applied by dotting
a slightly thinned darker
flesh tone.

Larger, smoother surfaces
like Centigor bodies
are great areas to apply
natural markings like
spots and stripes.

SCALES

HORN STRIATION

DRUM SKINS

TATTOOS

Edge highlights can
be used to pick out the
individual scales on the
hides of Dragon Ogors.

Striation can be achieved
by gradually building up
lines using increasingly
lighter colours.

Worn leather can be
easily achieved using
a gradual build-up of
thinned Shades.

Much like the banner icon
above, tattoos should be
sketched out and built up
in gradual stages of detail.

MUTATED FLESH

GLOWING RUNES

CHIMERA HIDE

To create an unnatural gradient
of colour, slowly build up layers
using Shade paints like Carroburg
Crimson and Druchii Violet.

For a blue glowing rune effect, paint
thinned-down Sotek Green into the
recesses, followed by Temple Guard
Blue and then Blue Horror.

By using contrasting tones you can
achieve a look that accentuates the
different textures and elements of the
hybrid monster.


PAGEBREAK
Step-by-Step Greatfrays

56

STEP-BY-STEP GREATFRAYS

ALLHERD

1

2

3

Chaos Black Spray is a good
foundation for the Allherd scheme.

Basecoat: Bugman’s Glow, Rhinox
Hide, Leadbelcher, Balthasar Gold,
Zandri Dust, Mephiston Red,
Khorne Red, Rakar th Flesh

Shade: Reikland Fleshshade (skin),
Nuln Oil (red, metal), Agrax
Earthshade (brass, bindings),
Seraphim Sepia (horns)

GAVESPAWN

1

2

3

Corax White Spray suits the lighter
tones of the Gavespawn.

Basecoat: Rakar th Flesh,
Leadbelcher, Abaddon Black,
Ushabti Bone, Stormvermin Fur,
Brass Scorpion, Celestra Grey,
Rhinox Hide, Incubi Darkness

Shade: Reikland Fleshshade
(skin), Agrax Earthshade (metals),
Seraphim Sepia (bones, binding),
Nuln Oil (fur, wood)

DARKWALKERS

1

2

3

Mechanicus Standard Grey
Spray is a good foundation for
the Darkwalkers.

Basecoat: Thunderhawk Blue,
Leadbelcher, Khorne Red,
Skullcrusher Brass, Abaddon Black,
Rhinox Hide, Administratum Grey,
Mournfang Brown, Ushabti Bone

Shade: Coelia Greenshade (skin),
Nuln Oil (metal, leather, red), Agrax
Earthshade (brass, wood, horns),
Seraphim Sepia (skull)


PAGEBREAK
4

5

6

57

Layer 1: Cadian Fleshtone (skin),
Skrag Brown (fur), Evil Sunz
Scarlet (red), Ushabti Bone (horns),
Skavenblight Dinge (black),
Balthasar Gold (brass)

Layer 2: Karak Stone (skin), Balor
Brown (fur) Fire Dragon Bright (red),
Stormhost Silver (metal), Pallid
Wych Flesh (horns), Administratum
Grey (black)

Base: Apply sand with PVA glue,
basecoat Mournfang Brown,
drybrush Balor Brown then
Screaming Skull. Add Mordheim
Turf. Paint rim Steel Legion Drab.

4

5

6

Layer 1: Rakar th Flesh, Stormvermin
Fur, Ushabti Bone, Brass Scorpion,
Skrag Brown, Celestra Grey
(binding), Dawnstone (armour),
Dark Reaper (horns)

Layer 2: Deepkin Flesh, Karak
Stone (wood), Administratum Grey
(fur, armour), Dawnstone (horns),
Stormhost Silver, Pallid Wych Flesh
(bone), Evil Sunz Scarlet (eyes)

Base: Apply sand with PVA glue,
basecoat Mournfang Brown,
drybrush Balor Brown then
Screaming Skull. Add Citadel Grass.
Paint rim Steel Legion Drab.

4

5

6

Layer 1: Russ Grey (skin), Evil
Sunz Scarlet, Auric Armour Gold,
Skavenblight Dinge (fur), Doombull
Brown, Ulthuan Grey (horns), XV88
(wood), Screaming Skull (skull)

Layer 2: Fenrisian Grey (skin),
Stormhost Silver (metal), Fire
Dragon Bright (red), Zandri Dust
(leather), White Scar (horns), Pallid
Wych Flesh (skull), Dawnstone (fur)

Base: Apply sand with PVA glue,
basecoat Mournfang Brown,
drybrush Balor Brown then
Screaming Skull. Add Citadel Grass.
Paint rim Steel Legion Drab.


PAGEBREAK
KHORNATE ARMOUR

58

1

2

3

Basecoat the entire surface
of the armour using
Khorne Red.

Shade the recesses
between the overlapping
plates and the rivets with
Nuln Oil.

Apply scratches to the
armour with Ironbreaker,
focusing on the edges and
raised areas.

KHORNATE DETAILS

Tip: Applying scuffs and
scratches to the armour of
your miniatures achieves
a battle-worn effect. Doing
so allows you to tell the
stories of past combats,
giving a history to
your beastherd.

Use Blood For The
Blood God to daub your
bestial warriors with
Khornate iconography.

Skulls: Basecoat Ushabti
Bone, shade Seraphim
Sepia, drybrush Pallid
Wych Flesh.

Brass: Basecoat Fulgurite
Copper, shade Agrax
Earthshade, highlight
Stormhost Silver.

Apply Blood For The
Blood God with angled
strokes, then add dots to
create splatter.

NURGLESQUE ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the entire surface
of the armour using
Castellan Green.

Shade the recesses
between the overlapping
plates and the rivets with
Agrax Earthshade.

Highlight the edges of
the armour plates and the
rivets using Elysian Green.

Apply scratches and a
finer edge highlight using
Ogr yn Camo and an S
Detail brush.

NURGLESQUE DETAILS

Rust effects can be
achieved by dr ybrushing
Ryza Rust in small,
focused patches.

Putrid puddles can be
created by applying
consecutive patchy layers
of Nurgle’s Rot over black.

For Nurglesque flesh, use
Ionrach Skin as a basecoat
for a sickly look.

For grotesque banners,
add filth splatter using
Technical paints
and Shades.


PAGEBREAK
TZEENTCHIAN SKIN

1

2

3

4

59

Use a Corax White Spray
undercoat followed by a
Celestra Grey basecoat.

Shade with Drakenhof
Nightshade thinned with
Lahmian Medium.

Layer the raised areas
using Deepkin Flesh,
avoiding the shade in
the recesses.

Apply a fine highlight
of White Scar to the
edges of the muscles and
prominent details.

TZEENTCHIAN DETAILS

Blue Armour : Sotek

Green, Nuln Oil, Temple
Guard Blue

Metal: Ironbreaker,
Drakenhof Nightshade,
Stormhost Silver

Wood: Incubi
Darkness, Nuln Oil,
Dawnstone (drybrush)

Cloth: Thousand Sons
Blue, Nuln Oil, Ahriman
Blue, Temple Guard Blue

SLAANESHI SKIN

1

2

3

4

Use a Corax White Spray
undercoat followed by
Flayed One Flesh basecoat.

Shade with Druchii
Violet thinned with
Lahmian Medium.

Layer the raised areas
using Flayed One Flesh,
avoiding the shade in
the recesses.

Apply a fine highlight of
Pallid Wych Flesh to the
edges of the muscles and
prominent details.

SLAANESHI DETAILS

Shade weapons with a
mix of Druchii Violet and
Lahmian Medium for an
exotic tint.

Slaanesh’s
symbol can be
applied to areas of cloth
to show allegiance to the
Decadent Beast.

Beasts that worship
Slaanesh often adorn
themselves with gold and
other precious metals.

Edge highlight horns
with Xereus Purple and
Warpfiend Grey over an
Abaddon Black basecoat.


PAGEBREAK
WARPATHS OF THE BEASTHERDS

60

WARPATHS OF
THE BEASTHERDS

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Beasts of Chaos miniatures on the battlefields of
the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Beasts of
Chaos army. The rules for how to use
the following allegiance abilities can
be found in the core rules.

Battle Traits

Abilities available to BRAYHERD ,

WARHERD and THUNDERSCORN

units in a Beasts of Chaos army
(pg 61).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Beasts of Chaos army (pg 66-67).

GREATFRAYS

Abilities for three of the most feared
Greatfrays that roam the wilds (pg
68-70). These rules can be used by
units in a Beasts of Chaos army that
have been given the appropriate
keyword (see the Greatfray battle
trait, opposite).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of a
Beasts of Chaos army if it is a HERO
(pg 62-63).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Beasts of Chaos army.

characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 86-101).

Endless Spell Warscrolls

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that can
be summoned by Beasts of Chaos
wizards (pg 102-103). The rules for
playing games with endless spells
can be found in the Warhammer

Age of Sigmar Core Book , and
in Warhammer Age of Sigmar :
Malign Sorcery.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Beasts of Chaos army (pg 64-65).

SCENERY WARSCROLLS

Here you wi l l find a scenery
warscroll for the Beasts of Chaos
Herdstone (pg 103).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 104).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Beasts of Chaos army can include
(pg 104).

Battleplan: Blood Swamp tells the
exciting story of an invading force
undertaking a desperate attempt to
smash asunder a Herdstone deep
within a fog-filled swamp, as the
Beasts of Chaos ambush their would-
be destroyers from all sides.

PATH TO GLORY

This section (pg 74-77) contains
rules for using your Beasts of
Chaos collection in Path to
Glory campaigns.

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Beasts of Chaos
miniatures. There are four types of
warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Beasts of Chaos units that
combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 78-85).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Beasts
of Chaos unit, along with its


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

Battle Traits

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

61

BATTLE TRAITS

PRIMAL INSTINCTS

THE HERDSTONE

The foul megaliths erected by the
Beasts of Chaos warp and corrupt
the land around them.

BLOODGORGE

The creatures of the Warherds guzzle
down the blood of their enemies and
feast on their flesh.

After territories have been chosen
but before players begin to set up
their armies, you can set up one
HERDSTONE (pg 103) wholly within
your territory, more than 12" from
enemy territory and more than 1"
from any other terrain features. If
both players can set up a terrain
feature in this manner, each player
rolls a dice, rolling again in the case
of a tie, and whoever rolls higher
can choose the order in which the
terrain features are set up.

BRAYHERD AMBUSH

The Brayherds use savage cunning to
encircle their prey before launching
an attack.

Instead of setting up a BRAYHERD
unit on the battlefield, you can
place it to one side and say that it
is set up in ambush as a reserve
unit. You can set up one reserve
unit in ambush for each BEASTS
OF CHAOS unit you have set up on
the battlefield. At the end of your
first movement phase, you must set
up all friendly reserve units that
are in ambush on the battlefield,
wholly within 6" of the edge of the
battlefield and more than 9" from
any enemy units. Any reserve units
that cannot be set up are slain.

Creatures of the Storm

As the skies twist and darken, the
Thunderscorn sweep across the
battlefield with primal force.

At the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice. Each friendly
THUNDERSCORN unit more than
3" from any enemy units can move a
distance in inches equal to the roll,
but cannot move within 3" of any
enemy units.

At the end of the combat phase, if
any attacks made by a WARHERD
unit in that combat phase destroyed
any enemy units, heal D3 wounds
allocated to that WARHERD unit.

GREATFRAYS

Each of the Greatfrays wages war in
its own uniquely savage way.

If your army is a Beasts of Chaos
army, you can give it a Greatfray

keyword. All BEASTS OF CHAOS

units in your army gain that
keyword. You can either choose
one of the Greatfrays listed below,
or choose another Greatfray you
have read about or created yourself.
If you choose one from the list
below, all units with that keyword
benefit from the extra abilities
listed for that Greatfray on the page
indicated. If you choose a different
Greatfray, simply pick the Greatfray
that most closely matches the
nature of your own.

•
•
•

ALLHERD (pg 68)
DARKWALKERS (pg 69)
GAVESPAWN (pg 70)

PRIMORDIAL CALL

The din of battle and scent of gore
call to all Beasts of Chaos, beckoning
them to join the hunt.

You can summon units of BEASTS
OF CHAOS to the battlefield if you
collect enough Primordial Call
points. At the start of your hero
phase, you receive 1 Primordial
Call point. In addition, in your hero
phase you can choose one friendly

BEASTS OF CHAOS HERO within

3" of the HERDSTONE you set up at
the start of the battle and say that
they will enact a savage blood ritual.

If you do so, pick a friendly BEASTS
OF CHAOS unit within 3" of the
HERDSTONE . That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. For each mortal
wound inflicted on that unit, you
receive 1 Primordial Call point.

If you have 3 or more Primordial
Call points at the end of your
movement phase, you can summon
one or more units from the
following list onto the battlefield,
and add them to your army. Each
unit you summon costs a number of
Primordial Call points, as shown on
the list, and you can only summon a
unit if you have enough Primordial
Call points remaining to pay its
cost. Summoned units must be set
up wholly within 6" of the edge of
the battlefield and more than 9"
from any enemy units. Subtract the
cost of the summoned unit from the
number of Primordial Call points
you have available immediately
after it has been set up.

Unit

1 Chimera
1 Ghorgon
3 Tzaangor Skyfires
1 Chaos Gargant
1 Cygor
10 Tzaangors
3 Bullgors
1 Jabberslythe
3 Dragon Ogors
3 Tzaangor Enlightened
on Discs of Tzeentch
10 Bestigors
1 Cockatrice
3 Tzaangor Enlightened
5 Centigors
10 Chaos Warhounds
10 Gors
10 Ungor Raiders
1 Chaos Spawn
1 Tuskgor Chariot
1 Razorgor
10 Ungors

Cost

10
10
10
9
9
9
8
8
7

7
6
5
5
4
4
4
4
3
3
3
3


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

62

COMMAND TRAITS

BRAYHERD ALPHABEAST TRAITS

BRAYHERD HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Bestial Cunning: Guided by predatory instincts,
this general moves its herds to surround and
outflank the enemy army.

Up to half (rounding down) of the friendly
reserve units set up in ambush (see Brayherd
Ambush, page 61) can arrive in your second
movement phase instead of your first.

Indomitable Beast: This beastman towers above
others of its kin.

Add 1 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Apex Predator : This creature is a master of the
swift kill, sensing the prey’s weakness with ease.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by
this general.

4

5

6

Malevolent Despoiler : To this spiteful creature,
civilisation exists only to be torn down.

Enemy units cannot receive the benefit of cover
while they are within 12" of this general.

Oracle of the Dark Tongue: Dark omens are

spat from the maw of this alphabeast.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
this general.

Shadowpelt: This beast’s onyx-black hide
devours light, blinding those that attack him.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this general made by models more than 3" away
from the general.

A Great Bray-Shaman summons a Wildfire Taurus

to immolate the Ironjawz with its flaming charge.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

WARHERD ALPHABEAST TRAITS

WARHERD HERO only.

63

Command Trait

Eater of Heroes: This beast has developed a taste
for the most power ful of foes.

4

Gouge-tusks: Caked in layers of gore, this
beast’s
tusks have slain many great warriors.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks made
by this general that target an enemy HERO.

Rampant

Juggernaut: This ferocious alphabeast
is all but unstoppable on the charge.

You can re-roll charge rolls made for friendly
WARHERD units wholly within 12" of
this general.

Gorger: This gluttonous beast and his bullgor
kin delight in feasting upon the flesh of the slain.

Do not roll a D3 to determine the number of
wounds healed by the Bloodgorge battle trait
(pg 61) for friendly WARHERD units that are
wholly within 12" of this general. Instead, the
battle trait heals 3 wounds allocated to that unit.

At the end of the combat phase, pick an enemy
unit within 3" of this general and roll a dice. On
a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-5, that unit suffers
1 mortal wound. On a 6 that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Roaring Brute: The deep bellows loosed by this
monster evoke a primal terror in its prey.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
this general.

Rugged Hide: The thick,

leathery skin of this
beast can withstand substantial damage.

Worsen the Rend characteristic of attacks that
target this general by 1 (to a minimum of ‘-’).

5

6

THUNDERSCORN ALPHABEAST TRAITS

THUNDERSCORN HERO only.

Command Trait

Tempestuous Tyrant: This alphabeast has

slain many a behemoth that has strayed into
his domain.

You can re-roll failed wound rolls for attacks
made by this general that target a MONSTER .

Magnetic Monstrosity : Writhing rivulets of

lightning bind this beast’s enemies to him.

Enemy units cannot retreat while they are
within 3" of this general.

Father of the Storm: This beast can imbue those
around him with the power of tempests.

When you use the Creatures of the Storm
battle trait (pg 61), you can re-roll the dice
that determines how far units can move if this
general is on the battlefield.

4

5

6

Lightning-fast Monstrosity : Despite his great

is capable of devastatingly

size, this alphabeast
fast attacks.

This general fights at the start of the combat
phase if it made a charge move in the same turn,
before the players start picking any other units
to fight in that combat phase.

Adamantine Scales: The scales that cover this
beast’s body are thicker than plate armour.

Add 1 to the Save characteristic of this general.

Ancient Beyond Knowing: This alphabeast has

waged war across the Mortal Realms since aeons
long past.

At the start of the first battle round, you receive
D3 additional command points.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

64

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

SPOILS OF THE BRAYHERDS

BRAYHERD HERO only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Ramhorn Helm: The curving horns of this
headdress spiral around the wearer’s own,
allowing them to savagely gore the target of
their charge.

2

3

After the bearer completes a charge move, pick
an enemy unit within 1" of them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Brayblast Trumpet: Carved from the bone of
a Shaggoth, this horn sends thunderous blasts
across the Mortal Realms, drawing towards it the
most savage of the true children of Chaos.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly
BRAYHERD units while they are wholly within
18" of the bearer if those units used the Brayherd
Ambush battle trait to set up on the battlefield
in that turn.

The Knowing Eye: This misshapen lump of flesh
has an all-seeing eye at its centre that forever
gazes in the direction of its quarry. The bearer
knows not where the eye guides them, but soon
learns to trust its divinations.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice if the
bearer is on the battlefield. On a 4+ you receive
1 additional command point.

4

5

6

Volcanic Axe: This axe, originally belonging to
the Scorchpelt Greatfray, was bathed in Aqshian
lava during the Time of Tribulations.
Its blade
burns the flesh of all it touches and, when it
strikes true, can release a pyroclastic shock wave
that turns enemies to cinders.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add
1 to that weapon’s Damage characteristic. In
addition, each time you make an unmodified hit
roll of 6 for an attack made with that weapon,
the target suffers 1 mortal wound after all of the
bearer’s attacks have been resolved.

Bleating Gnarlstaff: Infused with the warping
taint of Chaos, the bestial sounds emitted by
this twisted branch cause stones and plants to
awaken with animal
fury.

If the bearer is within 1" of a terrain feature at
the end of your movement phase, roll a dice. On
a 3+ each enemy unit within 1" of that terrain
feature suffers 1 mortal wound.

Troggoth-hide C loak: This cloak of tanned hide
retains the regenerative proper ties of the creature
it once covered.

At the start of your hero phase, you can heal 1
wound that has been allocated to the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
SPOILS OF THE WARHERDS

WARHERD HERO only.

65

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Cleaver of the Brass Bull: This giant blade is

splattered in the blood of slain foes.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
that weapon’s Rend characteristic by 1. In
addition, if the unmodified hit roll for an attack
made with that weapon is 6, add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of that weapon for that attack.

2

Gilded Horns: Fitted brass banding makes a
charge from these horns all the more deadly.

After the bearer has made a charge move, pick
an enemy unit within 1" of the bearer and roll a
number of dice equal to the charge roll for that
charge move. For each roll of 5+, that enemy
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

3

Glyph-etched Talisman: This crudely carved

talisman holds chaotic magic within.

The bearer can attempt to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as

a WIZARD.

4

5

6

Blackened Armour of Chaos: Forged in balefire,

this armour carries a dark blessing.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 4+ that mortal
wound is negated.

Champion’s Doomcloak: Shorn from rival

Doombulls, the severed horns adorning this cloak
stoke the wearer’s bloodlust.

Add 2 to charge rolls made for the bearer.

Herdstone Shard: The very sight of this jagged
shard amplifies the bloodgreed of the Warherd.

When BULLGOR units wholly within 6" of the
bearer use their Bloodgreed ability,
it activates
on an unmodified roll of 5 or 6.

SPOILS OF THE THUNDERSCORN

THUNDERSCORN HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Ancestral Azyrite Blade: This blade has not

dulled since its forging in the Age of Myth.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
that weapon’s Rend characteristic by 2.

Lightning-chained Bracers: Crackling with

energy, these bracers fill their wearer with speed.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks made
by the bearer.

Thunderstrike Lodestone: This primordial

stone can be used to call down lightning.

Once per battle,
if the bearer is on the
battlefield, they can call down a bolt of
lightning. If they do so, you can heal D3 wounds
allocated to the bearer. In addition, roll a dice
for each enemy unit within 1" of the bearer. On
a 2+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

4

5

Horn of the Tempest: A blast from this horn
heralds the apocalyptic storm to come.

Friendly THUNDERSCORN units wholly within
18" of the bearer at the start of your charge
phase can make a charge move in that phase
even if they ran in the same turn.

Tanglehorn Familiars: Through these impish

creatures,
the Shaggoth channels his spite to
sunder enemy magics.

Once per battle, at the start of the enemy hero
phase, you can pick an enemy WIZARD within
12" of the bearer. That WIZARD cannot cast any
spells that hero phase.

6

Ruinous

Icon: This ar tefact is anathema to
sorcery, warding the bearer from spells.

Each time the bearer is affected by a spell or
endless spell, roll a dice. On a 4+ ignore the
effects of that spell on the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

66

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each WIZARD in a Beasts of Chaos army.

LORE OF THE TWISTED WILDS

BRAYHERD WIZARD only.

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Viletide: A seemingly ceaseless wave of bile, gore
and writhing insects crashes into the enemy.

Viletide has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster
that is visible to them. That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. If the unit is within 6" of the
caster,
it suffers D6 mortal wounds instead.

Vicious Stranglethorns: Twisting, razor-sharp

brackens and thorns erupt from the undergrowth
to ensnare the foe.

Vicious Stranglethorns has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick a terrain feature wholly
within 24" of the caster that is visible to them.
Each enemy unit within 3" of that terrain feature
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Savage Dominion: The shaman attempts to
exer t their will upon a creature so as to bring it
under their control.

Savage Dominion has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy MONSTER unit
that is a single model within 18" of the caster and
visible to them, and roll 2D6. If the roll is equal to
or greater than that model’s Bravery characteristic,
it immediately moves 3" towards the closest
model. You can then pick a unit within 1" of that
MONSTER and roll a number of dice equal to the
MONSTER ’s Wounds characteristic. For each 4+,
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

4

5

6

Tendrils of Atrophy : Deadly coils of untamed
Chaos energy wrap around the caster’s enemies,
rotting flesh and corroding armour.

Tendrils of Atrophy has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, subtract 1 from save rolls for
attacks that target that unit.

Wild Rampage: The scent of violence and
bloodshed spreads, sending warriors into a
chaotic frenzy.

Wild Rampage has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick a friendly unit within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, you can re-roll failed wound
rolls for attacks with melee weapons made by
this unit. However, subtract 1 from save rolls for
attacks that target this unit.

Titanic Fur y : The shaman draws upon the
chaotic nature of a nearby creature to imbue it
with streng th.

Titanic Fury has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick a friendly BEASTS OF
CHAOS MONSTER within 12" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
MONSTER ’s melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
67

LORE OF DARK STORMS

THUNDERSCORN WIZARD only.

D3

1

Spell

Thunderwave: A blast of raw

chaotic energy is released in
all directions.

2

Thunderwave has a casting
value of 7. If successfully
cast, each unit within 3" of
the caster suffers D3 mortal

wounds. THUNDERSCORN

units are not affected by
this spell.

Hailstorm: The Shaggoth

utters an ancient
incantation, and the skies
respond by unleashing a
debilitating hailstorm.

Hailstorm has a casting
value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit
within 21" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, halve the
Move characteristic of, and
run and charge rolls for,
that unit.

3

Sundering Blades:

Lightning crackles across
the blades of those near to
the caster.

Sundering Blades has
a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick a
friendly unit wholly within
18" of the caster that is
visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, improve
the Rend characteristic of
that unit’s melee weapons
by 1.


PAGEBREAK
Allherd

68

ALLHERD

Ferocious and formidable, the Allherd are the most numerous of all the Greatfrays. Their teeming beastherds have
spread throughout the Mortal Realms, and by enfolding the most wily and powerful Chaos creatures into their
ranks, the Allherd ensures that its raging stampedes continue to grow.

The beasts of the Allherd consider themselves to be
the ultimate despoilers of the Mortal Realms. Led by
bold and domineering alphabeasts, they surge towards
their enemies in the civilised lands, crushing all before
them through unbridled ferocity and sheer weight of
numbers. Though possessed of predatory cunning, the
bestial warriors of the Allherd relinquish their man-like
intelligence once they are in the thick of battle, allowing
their pure animal fur y to be unleashed upon their foes.
Fear and reason are discarded, replaced by a primal
hunger for combat and desecration.

The wild domains of the Allherd are truly vast, and
they continually expand as the thronging beastherds
grow even larger. As the Allherd takes over more and
more territory,
they engage in brutal internecine wars
with rival Greatfrays, butchering droves of their bestial
kin and recruiting the most powerful creatures from
amongst the defeated. In this way, the Allherd is always
replete with savage warriors who compete amongst each
other to prove their dominance.

The Allherd are an ever-present threat to the civilised
races, carr ying out constant raids on outposts and
fortress towns, as well as launching massed stampedes
that obliterate whole nations. Their warpaths are so
redolent with anarchic fur y that Chaos-warped beasts are
drawn from far and wide to join in the slaughter.

ABILITIES

Bestial Might: The hordes of the Allherd thrive in the
thick of battle, where they rampage through enemy lines
uncowed and unstopped.

Subtract 1 from battleshock rolls made for ALLHERD
units in the battleshock phase if they were picked to
fight in the combat phase of the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITY

Booming Roar : A ferocious bellow resonates out into
the w ilderness, beckoning all to join the great Allherd in
their slaughter.

You can use this command ability at the start of your
hero phase if your general is on the battlefield. If you
do so, you receive 1 Primordial Call point.

COMMAND TRA IT

An ALLHERD general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 62-63.

Dominator : This beast leads from the fore, hacking
into the foe to spur on his savage warriors.

You can re-roll charge rolls made for friendly
ALLHERD units wholly within 18" of this general if
this general is within 3" of any enemy units.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first ALLHERD HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Blade of the Desecrator.

Blade of the Desecrator : Said to be Chaos incarnate,
this weapon’s
etched runes glow as it tears foes asunder.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve the
Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1 for attacks that
target a unit of 10 or more models. Improve the Rend
characteristic of that weapon by 2 instead for attacks
that target a unit of 20 or more models. Attacks made
by this weapon cannot have a Rend characteristic
greater than -3.


PAGEBREAK
Darkwalkers

DARKWALKERS

The Darkwalkers are apex ambushers who rule over the most remote places in each realm. Spiteful and wily, they
hunt by luring their prey deep into ancient forests and desolate wastelands, encircling enemy armies and cutting
off routes of escape before pouncing from the shadows to butcher the terrified enemy.

69

The strength and ferocity of the Darkwalkers is equalled
only by their hateful cunning. More than any other
Greatfray they rely on surprise and misdirection when
laying waste to their foes. To the beasts of this Greatfray,
the land itself is a weapon to be used against the civilised
races, and they make use of tangled jungles, mist-
covered swamps and darkened mountain passes in order
to outmanoeuvre and outwit their enemies. Even the
most lumbering gor-kin or Thunderscorn beast of the
Darkwalkers is able to blend into the shadows, and from
there they loom over their unsuspecting prey and wait for
the time to strike.

Darkwalker beastherds are nomadic, travelling from land
to land as they spread anarchy and desecration. They can
cover great distance in impossibly short spans of time,
and are expert at cutting off fleeing foes or intercepting
reinforcing troops before they have adjoined the main
body of their army. The beasts of this Greatfray have an
instinctual understanding of Realmgates, and know the
locations and destinations of countless hidden portals.
By luring pursuing enemies through these secreted
gateways, the Darkwalkers scatter vast armies across
multiple realms before hunting down each isolated
pocket of foes. Should the enemy somehow manage
to regroup,
the Darkwalkers simply retreat back into
the shadows, emerging once more where the enemy
leasts suspects.

ABILITIES

Shadowbeasts: The Darkwalkers are apex ambushers,
luring their foes into the shadows before pouncing
upon them.

WARHERD and THUNDERSCORN units in a

DARKWALKERS army are considered to have the
BRAYHERD keyword for the purposes of the Brayherd
Ambush battle trait (pg 61). In addition, up to half
(rounding up) of the reserve units that are set up in
ambush can arrive in your second movement phase
instead of your first movement phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first DARKWALKERS HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Desolate Shard.

Desolate Shard: Roughly hewn and black as night, this
stone shard exudes the corruption of the Chaos w ilds.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, the
bearer can use the Desolate Shard if they are within 3"
of a terrain feature. If they do so, roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 1" of that terrain feature. On a 4+
that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

COMMAND TRA IT

A DARKWALKERS general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 62-63.

Nomadic Leader : This swift and deadly alphabeast
drives his bestial kin to spread terror far and wide.

Add 1 to run rolls for friendly DARKWALKERS units
while they are wholly within 12" of this general.

COMMAND ABILITY

Savage Encirclement: Barking orders in an animal
tongue, the Darkwalkers alphabeast orders their
warriors back into the shadows, enabling them to prowl
unseen while they outflank the enemy.

You can use this command ability at the end of
your movement phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
DARKWALKERS unit that is more than 9" from any
enemy units and wholly within 18" of a friendly
DARKWALKERS HERO. Remove that unit from the
battlefield and place it to one side. At the end of your
next movement phase, set that unit up again anywhere
on the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
Gavespawn

70

GAVESPAWN

The Gavespawn are worshippers of the Chaos entity known as Morghur, and in his name they seek to reduce all of
existence to a writhing whirl of pure anarchy. Grotesquely twisted, even by the standards of the Beasts of Chaos,
the creatures of the Gavespawn launch stampedes to spread their devolvement throughout the civilised lands.

The beasts of the Gavespawn skitter and crawl as they
charge across the battlefield, and in a frenzy of lashing
limbs they hack into their foes. Their savagery is
accompanied by unnatural howls and profane jabberings
that give praise to Morghur. After the enemy have been
massacred, the warped beasts take the mutilated remains
of the dead to their Herdstones, where they are offered up
to the Great Devolver.

More so than any other Beasts of Chaos, the creatures of
this Greatfray are abhorrent for a sane mind to behold,
their bodies contorted and their horns twisted into cruel
configurations. To the Gavespawn, there are no greater
creations of Chaos than Chaos Spawn, for they are seen
as the progeny of Morghur,
to be emulated in their
mindlessness and impossibly warped form. The mightiest
Gavespawn champions may even receive the ultimate
blessing of their nightmarish patron and be reborn as a
Chaos Spawn when they are cut down in battle.

It is common amongst the Gavespawn for Bray-Shamans
to lead their beastherds, for they are the speakers of
Morghur’s word and the bringers of his mutative magic.
By steering the stampedes of their beastherds towards
nodes of warping energy, they seek to tear open the rents
between the Chaos and Mortal Realms, for they believe
that when all of existence is reduced to anarchy, Morghur
wi l l be made manifest.

ABILITIES

Gift of Morghur : The Gavespawn see spawndom not as
a curse, but as an ascension into devolution.

COMMAND TRA IT

A GAVESPAWN general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 62-63.

If a friendly GAVESPAWN HERO is slain, roll a dice
before removing the model. On a 2+ one CHAOS
SPAWN is added to your army. Set up the CHAOS
SPAWN anywhere on the battlefield within 6" of the

slain HERO. If the HERO had the KHORNE, NURGLE,

SLAANESH or TZEENTCH keyword, the same keyword
must be chosen for the CHAOS SPAWN . If they did not,
you cannot use the Cursed of the Dark Gods ability to
choose a keyword for that CHAOS SPAWN .

COMMAND ABILITY

Propagator of Devolution: The Gavespawn view

Chaos Spawn as holy creations of Morghur, and are
driven to emulate their frenetic savagery.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
GAVESPAWN unit wholly within 12" of a friendly

GAVESPAWN CHAOS SPAWN . Add 1 to the Attacks

characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons until the
end of that phase.

Unravelling Aura: In the presence of this alphabeast,
magic devolves into anarchic Chaos energy.

This general can attempt to unbind one spell in the
enemy hero phase in the same manner as a WIZARD. If
this general is already a WIZARD, they can attempt to
unbind 1 additional spell in the enemy hero phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first artefact of power given to a GAVESPAWN
HERO must be the Mutating Gnarlblade.

Mutating Gnarlblade: This weapon writhes with coiled
tentacles and fanged maws.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to the
Damage characteristic of that weapon. However, each
unmodified hit roll of 1 for attacks made with that
weapon inflicts 1 mortal wound upon the bearer after
all of the bearer’s attacks have been made.


PAGEBREAK
On their warpath through the Realm of Shadows, the Gavespawn encroach upon a domain of the
Daughters of Khaine,
lashing out at the secretive aelves with frenetic savagery.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Blood

Swamp

72

BATTLEPLAN

BLOOD SWAMP

When a beastherd encroaches on
civilised lands and begins to car ve
a path of bloody slaughter, the
inhabitants w i l l often despatch a
force into the wilds to locate and
destroy the heart of their attackers’
malign power – the Herdstone.
Harried on every flank and led
astray at every twist and turn, the
desperate warriors pay in blood for
each step they make. When at last
they come before the Herdstone,
most of their number scattered and
lost, the survivors are ensnared by
the Beasts of Chaos on all sides.

This battleplan tells one such tale.
Those invading the beastherd’s
domain have ventured deep into
the forsaken swamp that is the
creatures’ stamping ground. Now
is their last chance to destroy the
Herdstone, else all is lost.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Beasts of Chaos player
and their opponent is the Invader
player. The Beasts of Chaos player
must use a Beasts of Chaos army.

Each army has a unique command
ability, described opposite.

BEASTS OF CHAOS
COMMAND ABILITY

Guard the Herdstone: The

Herdstone is the symbol of your
beastherd’s
streng th – rally around it,
and show these invaders the folly of
attempting to cast it down!

You can use this command ability
once per battle at the start of your
movement phase. If you do so, add 3"
to the Move characteristic of friendly

BEASTS OF CHAOS units until

the end of that phase. In addition,
friendly BEASTS OF CHAOS models
must finish any move in this phase
closer to the HERDSTONE than it
was at the start of the move.

INVADER
COMMAND ABILITY

The Final Charge: At last, your

quarry stands before you. Although
your army is downtrodden and
weary, one final push can see this foul
megalith toppled.

You can use this command ability
once per battle, at the start of your
charge phase. If you do so, pick
a friendly HERO. You can re-roll
charge rolls for friendly units that
start the phase wholly within 12" of
that HERO. In addition, all friendly
units wholly within 12" of that HERO

at the start of the following combat
phase fight before any other units.
Fight with all eligible units one after
the other, and then resolve any fights
with any other units.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents the
malevolent swamp in which the
Beasts of Chaos have erected their
Herdstone. The Beasts of Chaos
player sets up any terrain as they see
fit. Place a HERDSTONE within the
Beasts of Chaos territory, as shown
on the map below.

SET-UP

The Invader sets up their army first.
The Invader’s units must be set up
wholly within their territory. Before
each Invader unit is set up on the
battlefield, the Invader rolls a dice.
On a 1, 2 or 3 the unit is lost in the
swamp, and is not placed on the
battlefield. Instead, the unit is set
up in reserve. If the Invader has any
other abilities that allow models
to be set up as reserve units, these
abilities cannot be used.

The Beasts of Chaos player then sets
up their army. They must set up as
many units in ambush as possible
(see Brayherd Ambush, page 61).


PAGEBREAK
73

LOST IN THE SWAMP
The twisting paths through the
swamp have led the invaders astray
at every turn. Scattered and lost, they
desperately need to rally together.

CLOYING MISTS
Tendrils of thick fog hang above the
swamp’s waters, obscuring from
sight everything fur ther than a few
paces away.

and has a Wounds characteristic
of 20. If the wounds allocated to
that HERDSTONE equal 20, it is
said to be sundered and the battle
immediately ends.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

The Invader wins a major victor y
if the HERDSTONE is sundered. If
all units in the Invader’s army are
destroyed, the Beasts of Chaos player
wins a major victory. If neither
player has won by the end of the fifth
battle round, the Beasts of Chaos

player wins a minor victory.

At the end the Invader’s movement
phase, they can roll a dice for each of
their reserve units. On a 4 or 5, the
unit can be set up on the battlefield
anywhere that is wholly within 6"
of the Invader’s
short table edge and
more than 9" from any enemy units.
On a 6, the unit can be set up on the
battlefield anywhere that is wholly
within 6" of the Invader’s
long table
edge and more than 9" from any
enemy units. Any reserve units lost
in the swamp that have not been set
up on the battlefield before the start
of the fourth battle round are slain.

BRAYHERD AMBUSH

The Beasts of Chaos player cannot
set up any of their reserve units
within 6" of either of the Invader’s
table edges.

The range of missile weapons and
spells is limited to 12". In addition,
units can only attempt to make a
charge move if they are within 12" of
any enemy units. Starting from the
second battle round, roll a dice at
the start of each battle round. If the
roll is less than the number of the
current battle round (for example,
a roll of 1 or 2 in the third battle
round), the fog clears and this ability
is no longer in effect.

SUNDERING THE
HERDSTONE
The beastherd’s malign obelisk is
saturated with chaotic power, but
weapons can still be brought against
it to smash it asunder.

The Beasts of Chaos player’s
HERDSTONE is treated as an enemy
unit by the Invader’s army. Resolve
any attacks against it as normal. It
does not have a Save characteristic


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

74

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can
be chosen from the followers
tables for your allegiance. If your
allegiance has more than one
followers table you can freely
choose which ones you use,
selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate
and roll on the followers tables
instead. To make a followers roll,
pick a column from one of the
followers tables and then roll
a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can

warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
warband with the Beasts of Chaos
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

start with a Follower’s Reward.
No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar. There
are some battleplans, for example in

the General’s Handbook , that have

been designed specifically for use in
Path to Glory campaigns.

The units you use for a game must
be those on your roster. Units can
either be fielded at their fu l l roster
strength, or broken down into
smaller units, as long as no unit
is smaller than the minimum size
shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!


PAGEBREAK
GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You

can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

2

3

75

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Beasts of Chaos Warband Tables

76

BEASTS OF CHAOS WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

Followers

D6

Brayherds

3 units

3 units

4 units

5 units

5 units

1

2

3

4

5

6

20 Ungors

5 Centigors

10 Ungor Raiders

10 Gors

10 Gors

Tuskgor Chariot

Monstrous Beastherds

Razorgor

10 Chaos Warhounds

10 Chaos Warhounds

2 Chaos Spawn

Cockatrice

Jabberslythe

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Tzaangor Shaman

Dragon Ogor Shaggoth

Doombull

Great Bray-Shaman

Beastlord

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Beastlord

Great Bray-Shaman

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-2

Brayherds

20 Gors

3

4

5

6

10 Bestigors

10 Tzaangors

3 Tzaangor Enlightened

3 Tzaangor Skyfires

Warherds

3 Bullgors

3 Bullgors

3 Bullgors

Cygor

Ghorgon

Monstrous Beastherds

3 Dragon Ogors

3 Dragon Ogors

3 Dragon Ogors

Chaos Gargant

Chimera

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6 Reward

1

Favoured of the Dark Gods: These warriors have

caught the interest of the Ruinous Powers.

Once per battle,
in any phase, you can re-roll failed
save rolls for attacks that target this unit until the
end of that phase.

2

3

Hungry for Battle: These warriors thirst
for slaughter.

Add 2 to this unit’s Move characteristic.

Renders of Flesh: These warriors have a dark
reputation for butchery and violence.

Once per battle,
in the combat phase, you can
re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
until the end of that phase.

4

5

6

Bestial Resilience: The endurance of these beasts
is legendary.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this unit.

Enraged: These warriors rampage across
the battlefield.

When you make a charge move with this unit, add
2 to the charge roll.

Rip, Gore, Tear : Feared by their foes, these warriors
unleash savage fury upon the battlefield.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can declare this unit wi l l rip, gore and tear its
foes apart. If you do so, until the end of the phase,
each unmodified hit roll of 6 for attacks made by
this unit inflicts 2 hits on that target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit.


PAGEBREAK
2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

77

8

9

Goaded Fur y : Your champion’s hatred for the
enemy prevents them from giving any quarter.

Once per battle, at the end of the combat phase,
you can pick your champion to pile in and
attack with its melee weapons again.

Baneful Weapon: Pulsing with sickly green light,
your champion’s
blade has been afflicted with a
strange, malevolent malady.

Pick one of your champion’s melee weapons
and note it down on your warband roster
as being diseased. Add 1 to that weapon’s
Damage characteristic.

10

Rampager: The wild destruction wrought by
your champion inspires fear in the enemy.

Add 1 to the Glory Points you earn when you
win a battle.

11

Heedless of Injury : Attacks that would kill a
lesser warrior are shrugged off by your champion.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to your champion. On a 5+ the
wound is negated.

12

Savage Blow : Your champion has become
practised at waiting for the per fect moment to
deliver a brutal killing strike.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can say your champion is attempting a
savage blow instead of attacking normally. If
you do so, pick an enemy model within 1" of
your champion and roll a dice. On a 4 or 5, the
target model suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6,
the target model is slain.

2

3

4

5

6

7

Shamed and Beaten: Your champion has been
grievously wounded during a challenge to his
position as alphabeast.

You lose 1 Glory Point. In addition, subtract 1
from your champion’s Wounds characteristic
for the remainder of the campaign.

Ghastly Mutation: Your champion has been
cursed with a transmutative flux. Though it
sometimes results in debilitating spasms,
its
mutations make the warrior a formidable foe.

Roll a dice at the start of your hero phase. On
a 1, your champion cannot move, attack, cast
spells or use any abilities until your next hero
phase. On a 4+ you can re-roll hit and wound
rolls of 1 for attacks made by your champion
until your next hero phase.

Battle Roar : The savage bellows issued from your
champion dispel all fear from those beasts that
follow him.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
units in the battleshock phase while they are
wholly within 12" of your champion.

Frothing Hatred: Your champion bears scars
from, and a grudge against, a par ticular enemy.

Note down the name of the warband you fought
the last battle against. Add 1 to hit and wound
rolls for attacks made by your champion that
target units from that warband for the rest of
the campaign.

Gorge on Flesh: The flesh of his enemies fills
your champion with strength as he devours their
warm carcasses

At the end of the combat phase, if any attacks
made by your champion that phase resulted
in an enemy model being slain, you can heal 1
wound allocated to your champion.

Dark Despoiler : This champion seeks to prove
themselves superior to the most renowned of
enemy warriors.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks made
by your champion that target an enemy HERO.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

78

WARSCROLLS

This section includes Beasts of Chaos warscrolls, warscroll battalions, endless spell and scenery warscrolls.
Updated September 2018; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier
publication date or no publication date.

Marauding Brayherd

WARSCROLL BATTALION

MARAUDING BRAYHERD

From twisted forests and desolate mountain ranges, mutated jungles and barren plains, the barbaric beastmen of
the Brayherds pour forth to tear down the civilisations of the Mortal Realms. Any who stand in their way are cut
down and trampled underhoof with animalistic savagery.

Ferocious Despoilers: To the blasting of brayhorns come
the roaming Brayherds, stampeding from all directions to
tear the enemy asunder.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly BRAYHERD units from
this battalion that were set up on the battlefield during
the same turn.

ORGANISATION

A Marauding Brayherd consists of the following units:

•

•

•

•

•

1 Beastlord

1-3 Great Bray-Shamans

2-6 units of Bestigors or Tuskgor Chariots in
any combination

3-9 units of Gors

4-12 units of Ungors, Ungor Raiders or Centigors
in any combination


PAGEBREAK
Hungering Warherd

WARSCROLL BATTALION

HUNGERING WARHERD

79

Drawn by the bellowing cries of an enraged Doombull, a Warherd on the hunt for fresh meat is an unstoppable
whirlwind of unimaginable violence, a crashing mass of muscle, blades, fangs and horns driven into a rapacious
frenzy by the scent of the foe’s blood.

ORGANISATION

A Hungering Warherd consists of
the following units:

•

•

•

1 Doombull

3 units of Bullgors

1-3 Cygors or Ghorgons in
any combination

Bloodscent: The herd’s bloodgreed
becomes all-consuming as they draw
close to the enemy lines,
impelling the
beasts to fall upon their victims in a
murderous frenzy.

Units from this battalion can move
an extra 3" when they pile in.


PAGEBREAK
Thunderscorn Stormherd

80

WARSCROLL BATTALION

THUNDERSCORN STORMHERD

Storms rage in the skies above as the Thunderscorn Stormherds march to war. It is rare that they descend from
their mountain domains, but when they do the civilised lands are flooded by bitter rains, and deafened by the
incessant clap of thunder mixed with the bellowed war cries of the Dragon Ogors.

ORGANISATION

A Thunderscorn Stormherd
consists of the following units:

•

•

1-3 Dragon Ogor Shaggoths

3-9 units of Dragon Ogors

Raging Storm: As lightning

arcs down to the battlefield,
the
Thunderscorn are imbued with
renewed vigour while their enemies
are riven by lethal crackling energy.

In your hero phase, you can roll a
dice for each unit from this battalion
that is on the battlefield. On a 4+
you can heal 1 wound allocated to
that unit.

After rolling a dice for each unit
from this battalion, roll a dice
for each enemy unit within 1" of
any models from this battalion.
On a 4+ that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
Desolating Beastherd

WARSCROLL BATTALION

DESOLATING BEASTHERD

81

Since the Age of Myth, the Beasts of Chaos have rampaged across the Mortal Realms. They gather in teeming
beastherds to lay waste to cities and fortresses and slaughter their inhabitants. They are the true children of
Chaos, and do not bow before any of the Dark Gods.

Bringers of the Wild: The rampaging

creatures of the beastherds are intent
on despoiling the lands of their foes,
and are never more ferocious than
they are when surrounded by the
detestable trappings of civilisation.

If the unmodified hit roll for an
attack made by a unit from this
battalion that is wholly within
enemy territory is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on that target instead
of 1. Make a wound and save roll for
each hit.

ORGANISATION

A Desolating Beastherd consists of
the following units:

•

•

•

•

•

•

1 Beastlord or Doombull

1-3 Great Bray-Shamans

1-3 units of Bestigors or
Bullgors in any combination

1-3 units of Gors or Tuskgor
Chariots in any combination

2-6 units of Ungors or Ungor
Raiders in any combination

0-1 Ghorgon or Cygor


PAGEBREAK
Brass Despoilers

82

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BRASS DESPOILERS

Amongst the creatures of the warping wilds are those
who find pure Chaos in the moment of slaughter,
and who are filled with a desire to drown the realms
in gore. These beasts often turn to the worship of
Khorne, who they see as the Great Brass Bull. In
his name, they stampede out from the wilderness,
reaping the skulls of the civilised races and braying
their praises to the Blood God. They are known as
Brass Despoilers, and they car ve paths of untold
devastation through the ranks of their enemies.

Skullfrays consist entirely of Brass Despoilers, and
they are bestowed with a portion of the Blood God’s
unquenchable fury. But Khorne also hones their
wildest instincts, opening their savage minds to
more refined and effective methods of butchering
their foes. The Khornate beasts march to war in
ordered formations, their gleaming blades arrayed
for maximum carnage. They cut through the ranks
of their foes with practised precision, lopping limbs
and severing heads with brutal efficiency. Only when
the battlefield is drenched in blood do they finally let
loose their pent-up ferocity, finishing off their foes in
an eruption of violence.

Martial Ferocity : The Brass Despoilers possess a Khorne-
given wisdom of war fare, and attack with mar tial
precision. As the blood of their enemies begins to flow,
they allow their bestial
fury to build up before unleashing
it in a devastating burst of brutality.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by units
from this battalion while they are wholly within 9" of
another unit from the same battalion. In addition, once
per battle,
in your hero phase, you can choose to unleash
this battalion’s bestial rage. If you do so, until your next
hero phase you can re-roll failed wound rolls for attacks
made by units from this battalion while they are wholly
within 9" of another unit from the same battalion

Followers of the Brass Bull: Units from this battalion

gain the KHORNE keyword.

ORGANISATION

A Brass Despoilers battalion consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

1-4 HEROES chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Beastlord
- Doombull

3-8 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Bestigors
- Bullgors
- Gors

0-8 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Centigors
- Dragon Ogors
- Tuskgor Chariots

•

0-2 Cygors or Ghorgons in any combination


PAGEBREAK
Phantasmagoria of Fate

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PHANTASMAGORIA OF FATE

83

A Phantasmagoria of Fate is comprised of Beasts of
Chaos who have given themselves to Tzeentch. They
view their dark patron as the Beast with Many Forms,
and through their twisted worship they are filled with
an insatiable hunger – not for flesh, but for magic.
They sniff out sites of power and places redolent
with enchantments where they may sate their arcane
appetites, and descend upon their foes amidst a mind-
warping cacophony of braying war cries.

Often birthed within a Twistfray,
the beasts of a
Phantasmagoria of Fate are possessed of unnatural
senses that allow them to perceive magic as it streams
across a battlefield. As their enemies attempt to weave
their spells, the Tzeentchian beasts hack and chomp
at the coalescing energies, greedily devouring the
arcane power before it can be shaped into a ward or
destructive bolt. After they have laid waste to their
enemies, the magic-engorged beasts return to their
constantly morphing Herdstones. There they burn the
tomes of knowledge pried from the mangled hands of
dead wizards, and regurgitate the energies that they
themselves have absorbed. In this way, they transform
and taint the ordered magics of the civilised races.

Devourers of the Arcane: The creatures that worship the
Beast of Many Forms have a dark affinity with sorcery,
devouring it in order to taint and transform it.

Units from this battalion that do not have the WIZARD
keyword can attempt to unbind one spell in the enemy
hero phase in the same manner as a WIZARD if they are
within 9" of the caster.

Covens of the Changer : Units from this battalion gain
the TZEENTCH keyword.

ORGANISATION

A Phantasmagoria of Fate consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

1-4 BEASTS OF CHAOS HEROES in any combination

3-9 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Bestigors
- Gors
- Tzaangors
- Ungors
- Ungor Raiders

0-9 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Bullgors
- Centigors
- Dragon Ogors
- Tzaangor Enlightened
- Tzaangor Skyfires
- Tuskgor Chariots

•

0-2 Cygors or Ghorgons in any combination


PAGEBREAK
Pestilent Throng

84

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PESTILENT THRONG

The Nurgle-worshipping beasts of a Pestilent Throng
see their god as the rotter of civilisations and the
eroder of realms. They are the bearers of his disease,
and the agents of his entropy. As they continue to
worship him, their bodies become host to plagues and
parasites, growing ever more bloated and corpulent.
Their skin erupts in multitudinous pustules and their
sagging flesh rots away to leave weeping open sores.
To simply look at these creatures induces vomiting
in many hardened warriors, and the stench of decay
that hangs in thick clouds around them can take the
breath out of their enemy’s lungs.

Rotfrays are made entirely of Pestilent Throngs.
Though riddled with poxes, the Nurglesque beasts
lose none of their strength, and their warpaths
through the civilised lands are devastating, and leave
naught but rot and decomposing bodies in their wake.
Where they are met with resistance, the warriors
of a Pestilent Throng charge heedlessly into battle,
determined to either hack apart the enemy or to die
as martyrs. Those beasts who are cut down explode
in showers of rancid flesh foetid pus, imparting their
infections to their foes as a final dying gift.

ORGANISATION

A Pestilent Throng consists of the following units:

Entropic Deluge: The Pestilent Herd harbours all manner
of foul poxes and contagions that they spread across the
Mortal Realms.

•

•

•

1-4 HEROES chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Beastlord
- Dragon Ogor Shaggoth
- Doombull
- Great Bray-Shaman

If a unit from this battalion is destroyed, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 7". On a 2+ that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Vectors of the Plague God: Units from this battalion

gain the NURGLE keyword.

3-7 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Bestigors
- Gors
- Ungors
- Ungor Raiders

0-7 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Centigors
- Bullgors
- Dragon Ogors
- Tuskgor Chariots

•

0-2 Cygors or Ghorgons in any combination


PAGEBREAK
Depraved Drove

WARSCROLL BATTALION

DEPRAVED DROVE

85

At orgiastic feasts in the warping wilds, the most
hedonistic Beasts of Chaos give themselves over to
Slaanesh, the Decadent Fiend, becoming part of a
Depraved Drove. Entire Slakefrays consist of these
excess-fuelled creatures, and when they look upon
the armies of the civilised races, they are filled with
insatiable jealousy. They lust after the baubles and
ornaments created by skilled artisans, and in battle
are most drawn towards those enemies who adorn
themselves with ornate armour or hold aloft ancient
gem-encrusted weapons. The Slaaneshi beasts surge
towards such foes with uncontrolled fervour, tearing
violently through those in their path before savagely
mutilating the bearer of the lusted-after artefact.

Upon obtaining the objects of their obsession, the
beasts of the Depraved Drove give in to their most
animal urges. They trample ensorcelled staves into
the ground, devour rune-etched ingots of precious
metal and drape their horns with the tattered
fragments of intricately woven banners. When battle
is over, and there are no more treasures for them to
ruin, the excessive beasts are filled with self loathing,
and so set off in search of new wonders to despoil.

Covetous Fur y : The beasts of a Depraved Drove both
idolise and loathe the trappings of civilisation. Their
bloodshot eyes are drawn ever towards exquisitely crafted
weapons and luxuriant finery, while their Slaanesh-
fuelled desire is to desecrate these trinkets and to
slaughter those who bear them.

You can re-roll failed charge rolls made for units from
this battalion while they are within 12" of an enemy
HERO with an artefact of power. In addition, you can
re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with melee weapons by
models from this battalion that target an enemy HERO
with an artefact of power.

Marked by the Decadent Fiend: Units from this

battalion gain the SLAANESH keyword.

ORGANISATION

A Depraved Drove consists of the following units:

•

•

•

1-4 HEROES chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Beastlord
- Dragon Ogor Shaggoth
- Doombull
- Great Bray-Shaman

3-6 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Centigors
- Gors
- Tuskgor Chariots
- Ungors
- Ungor Raiders

0-6 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Bestigors
- Bullgors
- Dragon Ogors

•

0-2 Cygors or Ghorgons in any combination


PAGEBREAK
86

5

6"

7

4+

Great Bray-Shaman
Beastlord

WARSCROLL

BEASTLORD

Savage commanders and ferocious warriors, Beastlords are the alphabeasts of the
Brayherds. They exert dominance over their snarling kin through acts of grisly
violence, and lead ruinous stampedes into the civilised lands.

MELEE WEAPONS

Paired Man-ripper Axes

Range

1"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Beastlord is a single model armed with Paired
Man-ripper Axes.

ABILITIES

Dual Axes: Armed with two man-ripper axes, the
Beastlord rains down blows upon the foe, hacking
them apar t with animalistic fury.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with Paired Man-ripper Axes.

Hatred of Heroes: Leaving weaker foes to his
followers, a Beastlord reserves his prodigious
streng th and fury for the greatest of the
enemy’s
champions.

You can re-roll failed wound rolls for attacks
made by this model that target a HERO.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Grisly Trophy : With a roar of triumph, the
Beastlord raises a severed head into the air.

You can use this command ability in the
combat phase if any attacks made by a friendly

BEASTLORD with this command ability
resulted in an enemy model being slain that
phase. If you do so, until the end of that phase,
you can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by
friendly BRAYHERD units wholly within 18" of
that BEASTLORD . If any attacks made by that
BEASTLORD resulted in an enemy HERO or
MONSTER being slain that phase, you can re-roll
both hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks made
by friendly BRAYHERD units wholly within 18"
of that BEASTLORD instead.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, HERO, BEASTLORD

5

6"

6

6+

WARSCROLL

GREAT BRAY-SHAMAN

Through profane sacrifices and malefic rituals, the Great Bray-Shamans harness the
anarchic Chaos energies that emanate from the wilds to invigorate their bestial allies
and unleash devastation upon their foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Fetish Staff

Range

2"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Devolve spells.

DESCRIPTION

A Great Bray-Shaman is a single model armed
with a Fetish Staff.

ABILITIES

Infuse with Bestial Vigour : Raw chaotic energy

emanates from the Bray-Shaman,
imbuing
surrounding beastmen with streng th.

At the start of your movement phase, add 3" to
the Move characteristic of models in friendly
BRAYHERD units wholly within 12" of any
friendly GREAT BRAY-SHAMANS until the end
of that phase.

DEVOLVE

Delving into the minds of its enemies, the Bray-
Shaman magnifies the savage and animalistic
par ts of the foes’ psyche until they are little more
than growling beasts.

Devolve has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster
that is visible to them and not within 3" of any
friendly units. Your opponent must move that
unit up to 2D6" so that each model in the unit
ends its move as close as possible to a model from
the friendly unit that was closest to it at the start
of the move.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, HERO, WIZARD, GREAT BRAY-SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
Gors

WARSCROLL

GORS

87

Born of Chaos mutation and filled with feral rage, Gors gather in massive herds and
charge towards their enemies. They wield crude but brutal weapons with which they
hack and rend the flesh of their foes.

1

6"

5

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Gor Blade(s)

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Gors has any number of models. The
unit is armed with one of the following weapon
options: Gor Blade and Beastshield; or pair of
Gor Blades.

FOE-RENDER : The leader of this unit is a Foe-
render. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Foe-render’s Gor Blade(s).

BRAYHORN : 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

BANNER BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be a Banner Bearer. A unit that includes
any Banner Bearers can move an extra 1" when it
runs or piles in.

Beastshields: The primitive beastshields
carried by some gors allow their w ielders to
contemptuously bat aside the desperate blows of
their enemies.

ABILITIES

Rend and Tear : The frenzied strikes of those gors
armed with dual weapons are all but impossible to
defend against.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with a pair of Gor Blades.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target a unit with Beastshields.

Anarchy and Mayhem: When assembled in large
herds, gors feed off each other’s
rage and strive to
outdo their kin in the spilling of blood.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons while it has 20 or more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, GORS

1

6"

4

6+

Ungors

WARSCROLL

UNGORS

The smallest of the gor-kin, Ungors are vicious and spiteful creatures. They are the
lowest creatures in the hierarchy of the wilds, subject to savage torments by the larger
beastmen, and they take out their bitter hatred on the civilised races.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ungor Blade
Gnarled Shortspear

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

4+
5+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Ungors has any number of models. The
unit is armed with one of the following weapon
options: Ungor Blade and Half-shield; or Gnarled
Shortspear and Half-shield.

HALFHORN : The leader of this unit is a
Halfhorn. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Halfhorn’s Ungor Blade or Gnarled Shortspear.

BRAYHORN : 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

BANNER BEARER : 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be a Banner Bearer. A unit that includes
any Banner Bearers can move an extra 1" when it
runs or piles in.

ABILITIES

Baying Hatred: The bitter resentment and hatred
felt by the ungors is only magnified when they
gather in large herds.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
by this unit while it has 20 or more models, or
re-roll hit rolls of 1 and 2 for attacks made by this
unit while it has 30 or more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, UNGORS

Half-shields: Though crudely fashioned,
the
shields carried by ungor herds serve well enough
to fend off their assailants’ attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this unit.


PAGEBREAK
88

1

6"

4

6+

Ungor Raiders

WARSCROLL

UNGOR RAIDERS

What Ungor Raiders lack in strength they make up for in cruel cunning. They are the
most man-like of all Beasts of Chaos, and with rudimentar y bows they rain deadly
hails of arrows down upon their enemies.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Raider Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Jagged Shank

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Ungors has any number of models, each
armed with a Raider Bow and Jagged Shank.

HALFHORN: The leader of this unit is a
Halfhorn. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
with a Halfhorn’s Raider Bow.

BRAYHORN: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

BANNER BEARER: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be a Banner Bearer. A unit that includes
any Banner Bearers can move an extra 1" when it
runs or piles in.

Baying Anger : When assembled in larger
herds, Ungor Raiders are capable of
unleashing devastating volleys of arrows from
their shor tbows.

ABILITIES

Vile Invaders: Ungor Raiders tend to range ahead
of the beastherd, killing the enemy’s
sentries and
positioning themselves for sudden ambushes.

After armies are set up, but before the first battle
round begins, this unit can move up to 6".

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by
this unit with missile weapons while it has 20
or more models, or re-roll hit rolls of 1 and 2 for
attacks made by this unit with missile weapons
while it has 30 or more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, UNGOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, UNGOR RAIDERS

1

6"

6

4+

Bestigors

WARSCROLL

BESTIGORS

Bestigors are the elite warriors of the Brayherds, mighty creatures who arm
themselves with the best weapons and armour plundered from the civilised lands.
They serve as bodyguards to their Beastlord and as shock troops on the battlefield.

MELEE WEAPONS

Despoiler Axe

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bestigors has any number of models,
each armed with a Despoiler Axe.

GOUGE-HORN: The leader of this unit is a
Gouge-horn. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of a Gouge-horn’s Despoiler Axe.

BRAYHORN: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

BANNER BEARER: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be a Banner Bearer. A unit that includes
any Banner Bearers can move an extra 1" when it
runs or piles in.

ABILITIES

Despoilers: Bestigors reserve the greatest part of
their hatred for those who champion and defend
the values of order and civilisation.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
that target enemy units with 10 or more models.
In addition, you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks by this unit that target ORDER units.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, BESTIGORS

Bestial Charge: Always at the forefront of a
Brayherd, Bestigors launch themselves at their
foes with unbridled ferocity.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons in a turn in which it made a
charge move.


PAGEBREAK
Tuskgor Chariots

WARSCROLL

6

10"
4+

6

TUSKGOR CHARIOTS

89

Crafted from scrounged lumber and twisted iron, Tuskgor Chariots race across the
battlefield to outflank the foe or crash into their forward ranks. These ramshack le
vehicles are driven by reck less beastmen who are eager to be first into the fray.

MELEE WEAPONS

Despoiler Axe
Gnarled Spear
Tusks and Hooves

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
1
4

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Tuskgor Chariots has any number of
models. Each Tuskgor Chariot has a crew of 1
Bestigor and 1 Gor. The Bestigor is armed with
a Despoiler Axe, and the Gor is armed with a
Gnarled Spear.

MOUNT: This unit’s Tuskgors attack with their
Tusks and Hooves.

Tuskgor Charge: Spurred on by merciless
whipping, Tuskgor Chariots barrel
into their foes
with devastating force.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit. In
addition, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
this unit’s melee weapons in a turn in which it
made a charge move.

Despoilers: For all their contempt
for order and
civilisation, Bestigors reserve the greatest part of
their hatred for those who champion and defend
such values.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a
Despoiler Axe that target enemy units with 10
or more models. In addition, you can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for attacks made with a Despoiler Axe
that target ORDER units.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TUSKGOR CHARIOTS

8

7"

7

4+

Doombull

WARSCROLL

DOOMBULL

Doombulls are the dominant beasts of the Warherds, charging ahead of their
stampeding kin and leading by brutal example. L ike all bullgors, they are consumed
by the bloodgreed, and they gluttonously devour the raw flesh of those they k i l l.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bullgor Horns
Slaughterer’s Axe

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

2
3

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-2

Damage

1
3

DESCRIPTION

A Doombull is a single model armed with a
Slaughterer’s Axe and Bullgor Horns.

ABILITIES

Bloodgreed: Ravenous for blood, the Doombull
descends upon its foes with unbridled ferocity.

Each unmodified wound roll of 6 for attacks
made by this unit inflicts 1 mortal wound on the
target in addition to any normal damage.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Slaughterer’s Cal l: A feral roar by the Doombull
aler ts the Warherd to the scent of flesh on the
w ind, sending them into an attacking frenzy.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
WARHERD unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
model with this command ability. Add 1 to
wound rolls for attacks made by that unit until
the end of that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BULLGOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, WARHERD, HERO, DOOMBULL


PAGEBREAK
Cygor

WARSCROLL

CYGOR

The cyclopean eye of a Cygor allows it to see the flows of magic that wend across the
battlefield. As they tear their way through the ranks of the enemy, they feast upon
spells as well as the sorcerous souls of those who cast them.

90

14

5+

7

MISSILE WEAPONS

Desecrated Boulder

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Horns

Range

Range

2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

2+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Rend

-1

Damage

D6

Damage

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

8"
6"
5"
4"
3"

Desecrated Boulder

18"
15"
12"
6"
3"

Massive Horns

8
7
5
4
2

DESCRIPTION

A Cygor is a single model armed with Massive
Horns and a Desecrated Boulder.

ABILITIES

Soul-eater : Feeding off the swirling winds
of magic, Cygors pose an incredible threat
to spellcasters.

This model can attempt
to unbind 2 spells in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, each time it unbinds a
spell, the caster suffers 1 mortal wound and you
can heal 1 wound allocated to this model.

Ghostsight: Cygors are blind to all except
sorcery, which appear as motes of blazing light in
perpetual darkness.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks made by
this model that target a WIZARD.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BULLGOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, WARHERD, MONSTER, CYGOR


PAGEBREAK
Ghorgon

WARSCROLL

GHORGON

91

Ghorgons are the largest Warherd creatures, warped to massive proportions by their
rapacious bloodgreed. These colossal beasts slash at their foes with bladed limbs,
reaching through carnage to grab those enemies whose flesh is most delectable.

MELEE WEAPONS

Butchering Blades
Huge Slavering Maw

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

3
D6

14

5+

7

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

DESCRIPTION

A Ghorgon is a single model armed with
Butchering Blades and a Huge Slavering Maw.

Huge Slavering Maw

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

Move

8"
6"
5"
4"
3"

DAMAGE TABLE

Butchering Blades

5
4
3
2
1

ABILITIES

Ravenous Bloodgreed: The bloodgreed of

Ghorgons exceeds even that which afflicts the rest
of the Warherd, and drives them to terrify ing
violent acts of savagery.

Each unmodified wound roll of 6 for attacks
made by this model inflicts D3 mortal wounds
on the target in addition to any normal damage.

Swallow Whole: The huge, cavernous maw of a
Ghorgon can swallow a man whole – a grisly fate
for any warrior.

Each time this model attacks, you can pick an
enemy model within 1" of this model after all of
this model’s attacks have been resolved and roll
a dice. If the roll is equal to or greater than that
enemy model’s Wounds characteristic,
it is slain.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BULLGOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, WARHERD, MONSTER, GHORGON


PAGEBREAK
92

4

7"

6

5+

Bullgors

WARSCROLL

BULLGORS

Bullgors are hulking bestial warriors possessed of terrify ing strength and unnatural
resilience. They tower over other foot soldiers on the battlefield, and they cleave gore-
soaked swathes through the armies of their enemies.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bullgor Axe(s)
Bullgor Great Axe
Bullgor Horns

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
2
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-2
-

Damage

2
3
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bullgors has any number of models. The
unit is armed with Bullgor Horns and one of the
following weapon options: pair of Bullgor Axes;
Bullgor Axe and Bullshield; or Bullgor Great Axe.

BLOODKINE: The leader of this unit is a
Bloodkine. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
a Bloodkine’s Bullgor Axe(s) or Bullgor Great Axe.

WARHERD DRUMMER: 1 in every 3 models

in this unit can be a Warherd Drummer. Add
1 to charge rolls for a unit that includes any

Warherd Drummers.

WARHERD BANNER BEARER: 1 in every 3

models in this unit can be a Warherd Banner
Bearer. Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of a
unit that includes any Warherd Banner Bearers
for each enemy unit within 12" of that unit.

ABILITIES

Bloodgreed: Ravenous for blood, bullgors descend
upon their foes with unbridled ferocity.

Each unmodified wound roll of 6 for attacks

made by this unit inflicts 1 mortal wound on the
target in addition to any normal damage.

Dual Axes: Bullgors unleash a whirlwind of fury
when armed with an axe in each hand.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made with
a pair of Bullgor Axes.

Bullshields: Towering wooden shields protect
bullgors from attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target a unit with Bullshields.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, WARHERD, BULLGORS

2

14"
5+

5

Centigors

WARSCROLL

CENTIGORS

With man-like torsos and the bounding lower bodies of four-legged beasts, Centigors
charge towards their foes in a drunken rage, braying loudly as they plunge their spears
into the trembling ranks before them.

MELEE WEAPONS

Centigor Spear
Clawed Forelimbs

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

4+
5+

To Wound

4+
5+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Centigors has any number of models,
each armed with a Centigor Spear, Beastbuckler
and Clawed Forelimbs.

GOREHOOF : The leader of this unit is a
Gorehoof. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
a Gorehoof ’s Centigor Spear.

BRAYHORN: 1 in every 5 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

BANNER BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be a Banner Bearer. A unit that includes
any Banner Bearers can move an extra 1" when it
runs or piles in.

ABILITIES

Beastbuck lers: These crude shields are used to
deflect the enemies’ blows in close quar ters.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target a unit with Beastbucklers.

Charging Spear : Savage mockeries of
conventional cavalry, Centigors are most deadly
on the charge.

You can re-roll failed wound rolls for attacks
made with this unit’s Centigor Spears if it made a
charge move in the same turn.

Drunken Revelr y : Centigors drink with reckless
abandon, even in the heat of battle.

At the start of your hero phase, you can say that
this unit is drinking wildly. If you do so, until
your next hero phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made by this unit and attacks that target this unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, CENTIGORS


PAGEBREAK
Dragon Ogor Shaggoths

WARSCROLL

10

8"

7

4+

DRAGON OGOR SHAGGOTH

93

Lords of the highest mountain peaks, Dragon Ogor Shaggoths are truly ancient and
enormous creatures, through whom the anarchic fur y of the primordial storm is
unleashed upon the denizens of the Mortal Realms.

MELEE WEAPONS

Storm-wrought Axe
Sweeping Tail
Taloned Forelimbs

Range

2"
3"
1"

Attacks

3
D3
2

To Hit

3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

3
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Dragon Ogor Shaggoth is a single model
armed with a Storm-wrought Axe, Sweeping Tail
and Taloned Forelimbs.

ABILITIES

Beneath the Tempest: Dark clouds gather above
the battlefield,
threatening to unleash the fury of
the tempest.

If the roll-off at the start of a battle round to
determine who takes the first turn is a tie, roll

a dice for each THUNDERSCORN unit on the
battlefield. On a 4+ heal D3 wounds allocated to
that unit.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Summon Lightning spells.

Summon L ightning: The Shaggoth calls down a
fork of eldritch lightning to empower its allies.

Summon Lightning has a casting value
of 7. If successfully cast, pick a friendly
THUNDERSCORN unit wholly within 20" of
the caster and visible to them. You can heal D3
wounds allocated to that unit. In addition, you
can re-roll failed wound rolls for attacks made by
that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, THUNDERSCORN, DRAGON OGOR, MONSTER, HERO,
WIZARD, SHAGGOTH

5

8"

6

4+

Dragon Ogors

WARSCROLL

DRAGON OGORS

Brutal fusions of ogroid brute and draconic fiend, Dragon Ogors are both indomitable
and deadly. They stampede to war to the sound of thunder and the flash of lightning,
obliterating their enemies in a tempestuous rage.

MELEE WEAPONS

Paired Ancient Weapons
Draconic War-glaive
Draconic Crusher
Rak ing Foreclaws

Range

1"
2"
1"
1"

Attacks

6
4
3
2

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-
-1
-
-

Damage

1
1
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Dragon Ogors has any number of
models, each armed with Raking Foreclaws.
In addition, each model is armed with one
of the following weapon options: Paired
Ancient Weapons; Draconic War-glaive; or
Draconic Crusher.

ABILITIES

Storm Rage: Akin to a storm front, Dragon Ogors
display unmatched ferocity on the charge.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this unit while
it is wholly within 12" of a friendly DRAGON

OGOR SHAGGOTH .

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, THUNDERSCORN, DRAGON OGORS


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Warhounds

WARSCROLL

94

1

10"

4

6+

CHAOS WARHOUNDS

Chaos Warhounds possess the ferocity and stature of wolves, while also bearing the
stigma of Chaos mutation. They race towards their prey in slavering packs, their
fanged maws snapping in anticipation of the k i l l.

MELEE WEAPONS

Slavering Jaws

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Warhounds has any number of
models, each armed with Slavering Jaws.

ABILITIES

Outrunners of Chaos: Packs of Chaos

Warhounds
close upon their prey with
unnatural quickness.

In your movement phase, if you declare that this
unit wi l l run, do not make a run roll. Instead,
add 6" to the Move characteristic of all models in
this unit for that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, CHAOS WARHOUNDS

Chaos Spawn

WARSCROLL

CHAOS SPAWN

Chaos Spawn are impossibly warped creatures, writhing wretches whose bodies are
so twisted by mutation that they shamble mindlessly towards their enemies before
lashing out with their many repulsive and lethal appendages.

5

2D6"
5+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Freakish Mutations

Range

1"

Attacks

2D6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Chaos Spawn has any number of
models, each armed with Freakish Mutations.

Curse of the Dark Gods: Chaos Spawn often bear

the mark of their creator.

You can choose one of the following keywords
for this unit the first time it is set up: KHORNE ,

NURGLE , SLAANESH or TZEENTCH .

Writhing Tentacles: The bodies of these

creatures are ever in flux, making them
wildly unpredictable.

If you roll a double when determining the
number of attacks made by a CHAOS SPAWN ’s
Freakish Mutations, add 1 to hit and wound rolls
for attacks made by that model until the end of
the phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CHAOS SPAWN


PAGEBREAK
10

12"

6

5+

Jabberslythe

WARSCROLL

JABBERSLYTHE

95

Grotesque conglomerations of monstrous body parts, Jabberslythes lurch forth from
their swampy lairs to hunt. Their anarchic form drives those who look upon them to
madness, while their corrosive blood melts those foolish enough to attack them.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Slythey Tongue

MELEE WEAPONS

Vorpal Claws
Spiked Tail

Range

9"

Range

1"
3"

Attacks

1

Attacks

6
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Jabberslythe is a single model armed with a
Slythey Tongue, Vorpal Claws and a Spiked Tail.

FLY : Jabberslythes can fly.

ABILITIES

Aura of Madness: Simply being in the presence
of a Jabberslythe is enough to drive a seasoned
warrior to insanity.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit that is within 6" of any friendly
JABBERSLYTHES . On a 6 that unit cannot
attempt
to cast or unbind spells, move, or attack
until the start of your next hero phase.

Spurting Bile Blood: Jabberslythes are filled with
deadly acidic blood that can cause horrific burns
to those who dare attack them.

Roll a dice each time a wound is allocated to this
model that was inflicted by a melee weapon. On
a 4+ the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after all of its attacks have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, MONSTER, JABBERSLYTHE

8

12"
6+

5

Cockatrice

WARSCROLL

COCKATRICE

Cockatrices flap and slither towards the enemy in a flurry of motion. Their piercing
glare turns victims to stone, while their savage talons shred flesh and their cruel beaks
snap clean through armour and bone.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Petrifying Gaze

MELEE WEAPONS

Vicious Beak
Sword-like Talons

Range

10"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

2
4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Cockatrice is a single model armed
with a Petrifying Gaze, Vicious Beak and
Sword-like Talons.

FLY: A Cockatrice can fly.

ABILITIES

Petrifying Gaze: The gaze of a Cockatrice can
transfix foes where they stand, turning them
to stone.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Cockatrice’s Petrifying Gaze.
Instead, roll a dice. On a 4+ the target suffers D6
mortal wounds.

Maddened Ferocity : A Cockatrice is not a bold
creature, but when it picks its moment to strike,
falls upon its prey in a berserk frenzy.

it

A Cockatrice has an Attacks characteristic of 8
instead of 4 with its Sword-like Talons if it made
a charge move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, MONSTER, COCKATRICE


PAGEBREAK
Chimera

WARSCROLL

CHIMERA

A Chimera is a terrify ing mixture of bestial body parts bound together by raw Chaos
energy. From on high they eye the battlefield with their three heads, searching for prey
amongst the trembling enemies below.

96

12

10"
5+

6

MISSILE WEAPONS

Fiery Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Avian Head
Draconic Head
Leonine Head
Mauling Claws

Wounds Suffered

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

DESCRIPTION

A Chimera is a single model armed with Fiery
Breath, an Avian Head, a Draconic Head, a
Leonine Head and Mauling Claws.

FLY : A Chimera can fly.

Range

14"

Attacks

1

To Hit

Range

1"
1"
1"
2"

Attacks

3
3
3
6

To Hit

3+
4+
4+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

To Wound

Rend

See below

To Wound

4+
4+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

Damage

D3
2

1

Fiery Breath

D6 mortal wounds

D3 mortal wounds

D3 mortal wounds

1 mortal wound

1 mortal wound

ABILITIES

Avian Head

Leonine Head

-3

-2

-2

-1

-1

D6

D3

D3

1

1

Draconic Head’s Fiery Breath: Whipping its

draconic head back to inhale deeply,
unleashes a gout of flame at its foes.

the Chimera

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Chimera’s Fiery Breath. Instead
the target suffers the number of mortal wounds
shown on the Damage table above.

Vicious Charge: Chimeras are single-minded
in their need to close with their prey and rip
it asunder.

Add 2 to charge rolls for this model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, MONSTER, CHIMERA


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Gargant

WARSCROLL

CHAOS GARGANT

Foul-tempered colossi that have become twisted by the warping energies of the
wilds, Chaos Gargants lumber to war in a state of unthinking fury, bludgeoning and
battering all before them.

12

5+

6

97

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Club
Vicious ’Eadbutt
Mighty Kick

Range

3"
1"
2"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-3
-2

Damage

1

D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

8"
6"
5"
4"
3"

Massive Club

3D6
2D6
2D6
D6
D6

Vicious ’Eadbutt

6
D6
D3
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Chaos Gargant is a single model armed with a
Massive Club, Vicious ’Eadbutt and Mighty Kick.

Timber!: A dying gargant is indiscriminating
in their choice of where – and on whom – their
body falls.

If this model is slain, before removing the model
from the battlefield the players must roll off. The
player who wins the roll-off picks a point on the
battlefield 3" from this model. Each unit within
2" of that point suffers D3 mortal wounds. This
model is then removed from the battlefield.

Stuff ’Em In Me Bag: Gargants are known to grab
hapless warriors and stuff them screaming into
their bags ‘for later’…

After this model piles in, you can pick an enemy
model within 3" of this model and roll a dice. If
the roll is equal to or greater than double that
enemy model’s Wounds characteristic,
it is slain.

Drunken Stagger : Often inebriated in battle,
gargants can be just as much a hazard to their
allies as their enemies.

If a charge roll for this model is a double, this
model cannot make a charge move that phase. In
addition, the players must roll off. The player who
wins the roll-off picks a point on the battlefield
3" from this model. Each unit within 2" of that
point suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Whipped into a Frenzy : The leaders of a

beastherd often intentionally wound gargants so
as to send them into a berserk rage.

At the start of the combat phase, if this model
is within 3" of any friendly BEASTS OF CHAOS
HEROES , you can whip it into a frenzy. If you
do so, this model suffers 1 mortal wound, but
you can add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
this model’s melee weapons until the end of
that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, GARGANT, MONSTER, CHAOS GARGANT


PAGEBREAK
98

4

10"

6

5+

Razorgors

WARSCROLL

RAZORGORS

Wild swine warped to monstrous size, Razorgors follow the stampedes of the
beastherds into battle, where they gouge and gore their way through the enemy lines,
slowing only to gobble up the mangled remains of their v ictims.

MELEE WEAPONS

Large Tusks and Hooves

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Razorgors has any number of models,
each armed with Large Tusks and Hooves.

ABILITIES

Uncontrollable Stampede: Barrelling forwards

in a reeking mass of swollen muscle and jutting
spines, Razorgors smash their prey asunder with
the impact of their charge.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit. In
addition, if this unit made a charge move in the
same turn, an unmodified hit roll of 6 for an
attack made by this unit inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target in addition to any normal damage.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, BEASTS OF CHAOS, MONSTERS OF CHAOS, RAZORGORS

Tzaangor Skyfires

WARSCROLL

4

16"

6

5+

TZAANGOR SKYFIRES

Tzaangor Skyfires soar across the battlefield raining death upon the foe. Able to catch
glimpses of the future, the Skyfires send their Arrows of Fate on baffling trajectories,
striking their targets’ most vulnerable weak spots with confounding accuracy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Arrow of Fate

MELEE WEAPONS

Bow Stave
Vicious Beak
Teeth and Horns

Range

24"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

2
1
D3

To Hit

5+
4+
4+

To Wound

5+
5+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Tzaangor Skyfires has any number
of models, each armed with an Arrow of Fate,
Vicious Beak and Bow Stave.

FLY : Tzaangor Skyfires can fly.

MOUNT: This unit’s Discs of Tzeentch attack
with their Teeth and Horns.

AVIARCH : The leader of this unit is an Aviarch.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with an
Aviarch’s Arrow of Fate.

ABILITIES

Guided by the Future: These warriors’ attacks
are directed by glimpses of the future.

In the combat phase, you can re-roll failed hit
and wound rolls for attacks made by this unit
if no enemy units within 3" of this unit have
already fought in that phase.

Judgement from Afar : To be struck by an Arrow
of Fate is to be judged by destiny itself.

An unmodified hit roll of 6 for an attack made
with an Arrow of Fate inflicts D3 mortal wounds
on the target and the attack sequence ends (do
not make a wound or save roll).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, DAEMON, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE,
TZAANGOR SKYFIRES


PAGEBREAK
6

16"

6

5+

Tzaangor Shaman

WARSCROLL

TZAANGOR SHAMAN

99

A Tzaangor Shaman is an agent of change in Tzeentch’s
ser vice. With dark magics the
Shaman grants a boon of mutation to his foes, transforming them as they writhe and
scream into a more pleasing form – that of a Tzaangor.

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Change
Ritual Dagger
Teeth and Horns

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
2
D3

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

D3
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Tzaangor Shaman is a single model armed
with a Staff of Change and Ritual Dagger.

FLY: A Tzaangor Shaman can fly.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

ABILITIES

Sorcerous E lixir : Tzaangor Shamans drink
strange concoctions in battle to augment their
sorcerous might.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, this model
can attempt
to cast one additional spell. If it does
so, you can re-roll one or both of the dice when
you make the casting roll for that spell.

Visions of the Future: Seeing the battle

unfold before them through prophetic
v isions, the shaman guides the aim of nearby
Tzaangor Skyfires.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a friendly
TZAANGOR SKYFIRE unit’s Arrows of Fate
while that unit is wholly within 12" of a friendly

TZAANGOR SHAMAN .

Visions of the Past: Through clacking litanies the
Tzaangor Shamans enhance the bizarre senses of
their Enlightened kin.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Boon
of Mutation spells.

Boon of Mutation: The Tzaangor Shaman
curses its foes with the dubious gift of Tzeentch’s
mutagenic power,
transforming its victims into a
form more pleasing to the Changer of Ways.

Boon of Mutation has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. For each enemy
model slain by these mortal wounds, you can add
1 new TZAANGOR model to a single friendly

TZAANGORS unit. Each new TZAANGOR

model must be set up wholly within 12" of the
caster and within 1" of the unit they are being
added to.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a

friendly TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED unit’s

Tzeentchian Spears and Vicious Beaks while
that unit is wholly within 12" of a friendly

TZAANGOR SHAMAN .

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, DAEMON, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD,
TZAANGOR SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangor Enlightened

WARSCROLL

100

3

6"

6

5+

TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

Tzaangor Enlightened wield ornate spears of a quality beyond the weaponry of their
lesser kin. Able to perceive the strands of the past, the Enlightened reveal the hidden
secrets, discovering their weaknesses before moving in to strike.

MELEE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Spear
Vicious Beak
Teeth and Horns

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
1
D3

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
5+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

2
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Tzaangor Enlightened has any number
of models, each armed with a Tzeentchian Spear
and Vicious Beak.

Babbling Stream of Secrets: The dark truths

revealed by the Tzaangor Enlightened utterly
unnerve the foe.

MOUNT: This unit can be mounted on Discs
of Tzeentch. If it is, the unit has the DAEMON
keyword, a Wounds characteristic of 4 instead of
3, a Move characteristic of 16" instead of 6", and
can fly. Discs of Tzeentch attack with their Teeth
and Horns.

AVIARCH: The leader of this unit is an Aviarch.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of an
Aviarch’s Tzeentchian Spear.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within

9" of any friendly TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

units, add 1 to the number of models that flee.

Guided by the Past: These warriors see at once
every moment that led to the present, and use this
knowledge to deadly effect.

In the combat phase, you can re-roll failed hit
and wound rolls for attacks made by this unit if
one or more enemy units within 3" of this unit
have already fought in that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED


PAGEBREAK
2

6"

5

5+

Tzaangors

WARSCROLL

TZAANGORS

101

Tzaangors are savage, avian beastmen dedicated to Tzeentch who fall upon their foes
in a flurried rush of blades and vicious stabs. Eager to impress their duplicitous god,
the Tzaangors fight with lunatic energies, hoping to earn further gifts of change.

MELEE WEAPONS

Savage Blade(s)
Savage Greatblade
Vicious Beak

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

2
1
1

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
5+

Rend

-
-1
-

Damage

1
2
1

Ornate Totems: The icons carried by the
Tzaangors can steal magical power from nearby
w izards, and use it to blast the enemy.

While this unit has one or more Icon Bearers,
at the start of your hero phase you can pick an
enemy unit within 18" of this unit and visible
to it. Then, roll a number of dice equal to the
number of WIZARD units that are within 9" of
this unit. For each 4+ that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Tzaangors has any number of models,
each armed with a vicious beak. In addition,
each model in the unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: pair of Savage Blades;
or Savage Blade and Arcanite Shield. 2 in every
5 models can replace their weapon option with a
Savage Greatblade.

TZAANGOR MUTANT: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Tzaangor Mutant armed with
a pair of Savage Blades and a Vicious Beak. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of a Tzaangor
Mutant’s pair of Savage Blades.

TWISTBRAY: The leader of this unit is a
Twistbray. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
with a Twistbray’s melee weapons.

ICON BEARERS : 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. While this unit
has any Icon Bearers, it can use the Ornate
Totems ability.

BRAYHORN : 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

ABILITIES

Destined Mayhem: Nearby leaders and
champions of the Arcanites
inspire Tzaangors
deliver killing blows upon the enemy.

to

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made by this
unit with melee weapons while this unit is wholly
within 12" of any friendly ARCANITE HEROES .

Arcanite Shield: This lavishly wrought shield can
protect against both physical and magical attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to a friendly TZAANGORS
unit that has any models armed with Arcanite
Shields. On a 6+ that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

Paired Savage Blades: Tzaangors armed with two
savage blades have a better chance of landing a
blow on the enemy.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a pair of
Savage Blades.

Savagery Unleashed: Favoured by their god, these
warriors deliver a flurry of attacks upon their foes.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons if it has at least 9 models when
the attacks are being made.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGORS


PAGEBREAK
Ravening Direflock

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

RAVENING DIREFLOCK

102

The spectral crows of a Ravening Direflock are harbingers of doom, filling the minds of those who hear their piercing
caws with an inescapable sense of dread. They circle over the battlefield, harr y ing those who tr y to flee the carnage. Left
unattended they fly off to roost in the warping wilds, with some even nesting in the crenelations of the Varanspire.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Harbingers of Dark Omens: Those who hear

the cawing of these fell creatures experience
terrify ing v isions of their own impending doom.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of
units while they are within 6" of any Ravening
Direflock models. BEASTS OF CHAOS units
are not affected by this ability.

A Ravening Direflock consists of 3 models (if it
is dispelled, remove all 3 models).

Summon Ravening Direflock: Dark feathers

borne on the wind coalesce to form the terrible
shapes of the Ravening Direflock.

Summon Ravening Direflock has a casting
value of 5. Only BEASTS OF CHAOS
WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If
successfully cast, set up a Ravening Direflock
model wholly within 12" of the caster and
more than 3" from any units, then set up the
second and third Ravening Direflock models
wholly within 6" of the first and more than 3"
from any units.

Black-souled Cowardice: Should a combatant

approach the eldritch avians of the Direflock in
the vain hope of ending the waking nightmares
that afflict them, the birds will take wing, only
to settle elsewhere on the battlefield and resume
their dispiriting cawing.

If a unit finishes a move within 1" of a
Ravening Direflock model, remove that
Ravening Direflock model from the battlefield.
The player whose turn is taking place must
set it up again exactly 3D6" from its previous
location and more than 3" from any units,
and then set up the two remaining Ravening
Direflock models wholly within 6" of the first
model and more than 3" from any units.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, RAVENING DIREFLOCK

Doomblast Dirgehorn

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

DOOMBLAST DIRGEHORN

Wrought from coalesced Chaos energies, the Doomblast Dirgehorn emits an unending dolorous blast that drowns out
all thought. The howling cacophony strips the minds of those in earshot of their sanity, reducing skilled warriors to
fumbling fools who lash out in a state of animal stupor.

DESCRIPTION

A Doomblast Dirgehorn is a single model.

Summon Doomblast Dirgehorn: Drawn from

beneath the ear th, animal bones are fused into
the shape of a giant horn.

Summon Doomblast Dirgehorn has a
casting value of 6. Only BEASTS OF CHAOS
WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell.
If successfully cast, set up a Doomblast
Dirgehorn model wholly within 12" of
the caster.

ABILITIES

Booming Cacophony : In the terrible blasting
of the Dirgehorn can be heard the bestial growls
of a thousand beastherds.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
units within 3" of this model. BEASTS OF
CHAOS models are not affected by this ability.

Rising Discord: The discomposing sound
of the Dirgehorn grows ever louder until
it
reverberates across the entire battlefield.

At the start of each battle round after this
model is set up, add 3" to the range of this
model’s Booming Cacophony ability. If this
model is dispelled, the next time it is set up on
the battlefield, the range of this ability starts
at 3".

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, DOOMBLAST DIRGEHORN


PAGEBREAK
Wildfire Taurus

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

WILDFIRE TAURUS

103

Wildfire Tauruses are summoned from the fires of the largest Herdstones. They take the shape of gargantuan flaming
bulls, stampeding through massed ranks of armoured warriors without breaking stride, setting flesh ablaze and
flattening those not consumed in the conflagration.

DESCRIPTION

A Wildfire Taurus is a single model.

Summon Wildfire Taurus: Wisps of flame

develop into a roaring, charging beast of black
smoke and wildfire.

Summon Wildfire Taurus has a casting value

of 6. Only BEASTS OF CHAOS WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set
up a Wildfire Taurus model wholly within 12" of
the caster.

PREDATORY: The Wildfire Taurus is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 12" and
can fly.

ABILITIES

Raging Stampede: From the moment it is
manifested upon the battlefield,
the Wildfire
Taurus
is an unstoppable force.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Whirlwind of Destruction: Warriors are sent

sprawling,
set aflame and trampled underhoof
as the Wildfire Taurus charges headlong through
their ranks.

After this model has moved, each unit that it
moved over, and each other unit that is within
1" of it at the end of its move, suffers D3 mortal
wounds. If a unit has 10 or more models it suffers
D6 mortal wounds instead. If this spell inflicts
any wounds on a unit, that unit fights at the end
of the next combat phase, after the players have
picked any other units to fight in that phase.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, WILDFIRE TAURUS

Herdstone

SCENERY WARSCROLL

HERDSTONE

Wrought from the Chaos-infused substance of the realms, Herdstones are the sites at which the Beasts of Chaos
carr y out their savage rituals. As the Greatfrays stampede further into civilised territories, they continue to erect
Herdstones, from which the corruptive taint of the anarchic wilds bleeds freely into the land.

DESCRIPTION

A Herdstone is a single terrain feature. It is
an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Entropic Lodestone: As the corrupting influence
of the Herdstone spreads, buildings, armour and
other trappings of civilisation and order begin to
crumble to dust.

Subtract 1 from save rolls for attacks that target
units within 6" of this terrain feature. At the start
of each battle round after the first, add 6" to the
range of this ability. BEASTS OF CHAOS units
are not affected by this ability.

Locus of Savagery : A Herdstone marks the
domain of the Beasts of Chaos, and in its presence
they fight with unfailing vigour.

BEASTS OF CHAOS units wholly within 6" of
this terrain feature do not take battleshock tests.
At the start of each battle round after the first,
add 6" to the range of this ability.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, BEASTS OF CHAOS, HERDSTONE


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

104

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that has
any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Beasts of Chaos army. Updated
September 2018; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline in Beasts of
Chaos army if general
is a Beastlord or Great
Bray-Shaman
Battleline in Beasts of
Chaos army if general
is a Doombull

Battleline in Beasts of
Chaos army if general
is a Dragon Ogor
Shaggoth

Battleline in Beasts
of Chaos army only if
general is a Tzaangor
Shaman

BEASTS OF CHAOS

WARSCROLL

Gors
Ungors
Chaos Gargant
Chimera
Cygor
Ghorgon
Jabberslythe
Beastlord
Doombull
Dragon Ogor Shaggoth
Great Bray-Shaman
Tzaangor Shaman

Bestigors

Bullgors

Centigors
Chaos Spawn
Chaos Warhounds
Cockatrice

Dragon Ogors

Razorgors
Tuskgor Chariots
Tzaangor Enlightened
Tzaangor Enlightened on Discs
of Tzeentch
Tzaangor Skyfires

UNIT SIZE

MIN

10
10
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

10

3

5
1
10
1

3

1
1
3

3

3

MAX

30
40
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

30

12

20
6
30
1

12

6
4
9

9

9

Battleline
Battleline
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

80/210
60/200
180
240
180
200
160
90
120
180
100
180

120/300

160

80
50
80/210
100

140

40
60
100

140

200

Tzaangors

10

30

180/480

Battleline

Ungor Raiders

Thunderscorn Stormherd
Brass Despoilers
Desolating Beastherd
Depraved Drove
Pestilent Throng
Phantasmagoria of Fate
Hungering Warherd
Marauding Brayherd
Doomblast Dirgehorn
Ravening Direflock
Wildfire Taurus
Herdstone

10

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

40

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

80

190
190
150
150
200
200
150
180
60
40
100
0

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery

CHAOS

Beasts of Chaos

ALLIES

Slaves to Darkness


PAGEBREAK
What’s Next?

WHAT’S NEXT?

From out of blackness they come, emerging from the depths of the realms’ seas upon a surging tide of magic.
These merciless raiders do not seek merely to slaughter or enslave. however, for they are the Idoneth Deepkin –
they have come to take their victims’ very souls.


PAGEBREAK
