
PAGEBREAK
Across the Mortal Realms neither city nor
civilisation stood.
Justice had been crushed,
ground to dust like the bones that crunched
beneath the march of mailed feet. Hope was
gone, replaced with rattling chains and cruel
enslavement. Mountains of skulls were stacked
as tribute, and blood flowed in rivers. So total
was the victory that
the lands themselves were
warping, changing as reality itself
teetered on
the brink. Crimson skies lowered, pouring forth
unnatural
tempests across the broken earth.

The victory of Chaos was all but complete, yet
Khorne knew that
to rule was for the strongest
alone. So did the daemonic Blood Legions and
mortal Bloodbound Warhordes pause in hunting
down the cowardly remnants of
foes who hid
in illusory glades or skulked below mountains.
Instead,
they turned upon the followers of the
other Dark Gods. Triumph followed triumph,
until
there was not an army left
that was willing
to openly challenge Khorne’s supremacy. And
then lightning split the skies.

The Stormcast Eternals proved a worthy foe, and
they soon rekindled a spark of hope so that old
allies rejoined the fray. With the Chaos Gods
fractionalised,
the wars that
followed undid
much of Khorne’s domination. Yet
iron sharpens
iron, and the Lord of Battle’s rage burns
brighter than ever. There shall be retribution.
And the blood will flow…


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

2

THE BLOOD GOD AND
HIS ARMIES ........................4

Khorne’s Domain ............................8
Daemons of Khorne .....................10
The Path of Skulls .........................12
Armies of Unreason .....................14
Bane of Sorcerers ...........................16

AEONS OF SLAUGHTER ...........18

THE RANKS INFERNAL ...........20

The Blood Legions ........................22
Bloodthirsters ................................25
Heralds of Khorne ........................26
The Heart of the Blood Legions . . 28
Daemon Engines ...........................30
Hounds of Wrath ..........................31

WARHORDES OF KHORNE . . . . .32

The Chosen of Khorne .................34
Lords of the Bloodbound .............36
The Gorechosen.............................38
Champions of Slaughter ..............40
Bloodbound Throngs ...................42

ARTEFACTS OF
SLAUGHTER ...............................44

BRINGERS OF
CARNAGE ..........................48

KHUL’S KILLERS ........................60

PAINTING YOUR BLADES

OF KHORNE ....................................62
Bold and Grisly Details .................63

ARMIES OF KHORNE . . . . . .68

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ..........69

Battle Traits .....................................69

Command Traits ............................72
Artefacts of Power .........................73
Blood Blessings of Khorne ...........76
Judgements of Khorne ..................77
Skull Altar .......................................78
Reapers of Vengeance ....................80
The Bloodlords ...............................81
The Goretide ...................................82
The Skullfiend Tribe ......................83
Battleplan: The Bloodstorm .........84
Battleplan: A Feast of Skulls ........86

PATH TO GLORY ........................88

Blades of Khorne
Warband Tables .............................90

WARSCROLLS .............................94

Blood Legion ...................................94
Murderhost .....................................95
Bloodthunder Stampede ...............95
Tyrants of Blood .............................96
Blood Hunt ......................................96
Gorethunder Cohort .....................96
Blood Host ......................................97
Charnel Host ..................................97
Skullseeker Host ............................97
Bloodbound Warhorde .................98
Gorechosen .....................................99
Brass Stampede ..............................99
Dark Feast .......................................99
Bloodmad Warband ....................100
Red Headsmen .............................100
Skulltake ........................................100
Slaughterborn ...............................101
Gore Pilgrims ...............................101
Bloodforged ..................................101
Skarbrand ......................................102
Bloodthirster of
Unfettered Fury ............................104
Bloodthirster of
Insensate Rage ..............................105

Wrath of Khorne
Bloodthirster .................................106
Skulltaker ......................................107
Karanak .........................................107
Flesh Hounds ................................108
Skullmaster, Herald
of Khorne ......................................108
Bloodmaster, Herald
of Khorne ......................................109
Bloodletters ...................................109
Bloodcrushers ...............................110
Herald of Khorne on
Blood Throne ................................111
Skull Cannons ..............................111
Korghos Khul ...............................112
Skarr Bloodwrath.........................113
Valkia the Bloody.........................113
Mighty Lord of Khorne...............114
Bloodsecrator ................................114
Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut . . .115
Slaughterpriest .............................116
Skullgrinder ..................................117
Aspiring Deathbringer ................117
Exalted Deathbringer ..................118
Bloodstoker ...................................119
Blood Warriors .............................119
Bloodreavers .................................120
Garrek’s Reavers ..........................120
Magore’s Fiends ............................121
Riptooth .........................................121
Wrathmongers .............................122
Mighty Skullcrushers ..................122
Skullreapers ..................................123
Scyla Anfingrimm .......................124
Khorgoraths ..................................124
Hexgorger Skulls ..........................125
Bleeding Icon ................................125
Wrath-Axe ....................................126

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES ..................................127

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting ser vices.

Chaos Battletome: Blades of Khorne © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Chaos Battletome: Blades of Khorne, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer,
Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses
thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-526-3

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
Nothing can temper the Blood God’s volcanic wrath, and his favour can only be gained through
ceaseless slaughter and a worthy tribute of skulls.


PAGEBREAK
THE BLOOD GOD
AND HIS ARMIES

4

THE BLOOD GOD
AND HIS ARMIES

Mighty embodiments of the darkest of mortal emotions and compulsions, the Chaos Gods reside outside of
reality. They are eternal beings of near limitless power, abominations who seek to corrupt all they survey.
Constantly warring with each other, these deities vie for mastery over the Mortal Realms. In these conflicts there
is one who most often stands ascendant.

Khorne is the Lord of Rage, the
Taker of Skulls. He is wrath
incarnate, master of slaughter, and
the embodiment of a never-ending
compulsion to destroy. By his wi l l
thousands of civilisations have
been butchered. Khorne’s
legions of
daemons and his mortal followers
carve gruesome paths across the
realms. For the glory of their god,
they spill the blood of all who stand
before them and reap mountains
of skulls for the Skull Throne. And
still, it is never enough to sate the
immortal entity to which they
dedicate their lives.

Khorne’s kingdom is in the Realm
of Chaos, where he battles his
brothers, the other Chaos Gods,
for supremacy. Although the dark
powers of these hellish deities have
ever ebbed and flowed, the Lord
of Battle’s eventual domination is
certain. Khorne is paid tribute with
every drop of blood that is spilt in
battle, and whenever great wars
are waged, his immortal being is
greatly strengthened. The unending
conflicts that consume the Mortal
Realms only serve to empower the
Blood God. Whether the fallen
served a just or unjust cause, Khorne
cares not – all that matters is that the
blood continues to flow.

Khorne is depicted in many different
ways by his worshippers, though
most claim their deity is a towering
warrior so vast that he blots out
the stars, with the snarling visage
of a monstrous war-hound. His
massive form is heavy with corded
muscle clad in interlocking plates
of baroque brass armour, and
his eyes are fiery orbs filled with
boundless hatred. Upon Khorne’s
fingers are many brass rings; most
are emblazoned with his own jagged
skull rune, whereas upon others are
mounted the severed heads of lesser
gods claimed,
it is said, in personal
combat. When the Blood God
speaks, he does so in bellows of black
rage, each guttural syllable capable
of igniting the air.

The Blood God sits upon a
monumental throne of skulls, from
which he roars a never-ending call
to war that rings throughout the
realms. At his side rests a colossal
sword, known variously as the Ender
of Worlds,
the Allslaughter, and
other equally doom-laden names. A
single swipe of this gigantic weapon
can split reality asunder, erasing
whole cities from existence or
exterminating entire armies. So does
the Blood God show his displeasure.

Consciously or not, all warrior
cultures pay Khorne homage, and
every single life taken in anger
increases the Blood God’s power.
That which Khorne demands from
his followers – daemons and mortals
alike – is simple: blood, more blood,
and skulls. His only temple is the
battlefield, for the Blood God is
worshipped not through prayer, but
through conflict. While war rages,
Khorne’s power waxes strong, so
those devoted to him seek violence
at every opportunity. When no other
targets are available, the followers
of Khorne wi l l fall upon themselves.

This is no affront to the Blood God;
he looks well upon those warriors
who slay their allies, for in doing
so they prove their understanding
of the greater truths – that real
power cannot be shared, and most
importantly,
that Khorne cares not
from whence the blood flows, only
that it flows. A devotee who does
not continually seek more violence
quickly falls out of their patron
deity’s favour.

LORD OF BATTLE

In the direst of need, Khorne
rises from his throne, and
echoes of his armoured footfalls
shake the realms. With an
honour guard of Bloodthirsters,
each with the power of an
army in its own right, the Lord
of Battle unleashes his full
rage, scattering the daemon
armies of his rivals with each
sweep of his mighty blade.
Such willingness to physically
participate in the Great Game
is what marks Khorne out from
his fellows. Even so, his personal
interventions are rare, and each
calamitous occasion marks a
turning of the tide in the eternal
war between the Dark Gods.


PAGEBREAK
THE FORCES OF KHORNE

As the armies of Khorne advance,
savage war cries, chanted prayers
and the harsh blare of brazen horns
rise above the tramp of mailed
feet and the scuttle-clack of cloven
hooves. There is no cacophony in the
Mortal Realms more dreaded, and
for those who hear it, it is probably
already too late to flee.

Khorne’s mor ta l agents are not left
to wreak slaughter alone. Where
their deeds are most heinous –
where blood is spilled so that it
flows like a river – rea lity splits and
living nightmares emerge. From the
Rea lm of Chaos come the w i l l of
the Lord of Sku l ls made manifest:
the Blood Legions, daemon armies
of Khorne.

The red ravagers of Khorne close
quickly, charging through clouds
of arrows and wading through
sorcerous blasts. They trample their
own fallen in their eagerness to
reach the foe, and smash headlong
into their enemies with rending
impact. Axes and swords rise and
fall, blood gushes. The invaders
bring slaughter and ruin, and in
their wake leave splattered gore and
piled sku l ls .

Their road to supremacy in the
Mortal Realms was paved with
sku l ls. During the Age of Chaos, a l l
traces of civilisation were assailed.
Some empires fell to treachery,
plague or diabolical sorcery, but
most were razed by bloodthirsty
armies. Leading the charge were
Khorne’s Bloodbound – the name
given to those corrupted mortals
who have not only given themselves
wholesale into the Blood God’s
ser vice, but who have been deemed
worthy enough of acceptance.

Many mortals become obsessed
with the glorification of might of
arms, but only those with sk i l l and
matchless brutality have a chance
to gain the favour of the Blood
God. Should their grisly tributes be
deemed worthy,
they are granted
dark gifts from Khorne: hellforged
armour,
fell weaponry, and the
unnatura l strength to bear them.
Those found wanting are sacrificed
in short order.

Gathered together in warbands or
larger Warhordes,
the Bloodbound
smash their foes’ defences. Beneath
their blades, countless empires
of the Mortal Realms have fallen,
their peoples corrupted, enslaved
or mercilessly slaughtered, and
their sku l ls piled high in tribute
to Khorne.

5

himself, the daemons attract their
own followers, mortals drawn
towards the raw power of so mighty
a force. Toady sycophants are slain
out of hand, but the Bloodbound
warriors who prove themselves
worthy often fight alongside the
Blood Legions. They are a l l too
eager to do so, hoping to earn the
favour of Khorne in their eternal bid
for immortality.

When entire Blood Legions and
Bloodbound Warhordes march
together to war, reason itself begins
to collapse around them. Beneath
their foul tread the lands become
corrupted, hi l ls transforming into
sku l ls and blood bubbling up from
the cracked ear th . Ever ything twists
into a nightmarish vision, a bleak
and horrid reflection of the madness
of Khorne’s own domain. This is
the Blood God’s ultimate goal: to
k i l l and to conquer,
to master a l l
realms and to turn ever ything into
an extension of his domain in the
Realm of Chaos. He seeks to raise
the red-and-black banners above
all, either slaying every living thing
or enslaving them under his own
iron rule.

Should those ambitions come to
pass, a l l w i l l be bathed in blood. All
w i l l be eternal war.

Drawn by the most extreme acts of
bloodshed imaginable, Khorne’s
daemons enter reality to join in
the slaughter,
for they are created
to wage war without restraint or
mercy. Amongst their infernal
ranks are loping Bloodletters,
snarling Flesh Hounds, rampaging
Juggernauts, roaring Sku l l Cannons
and, towering above a l l others,
the bat-winged Greater Daemons:
the terr ifying beings known
as Bloodthirsters.

Once summoned to the Mortal
Realms, the daemons of Khorne are
free to rampage across the lands. As
immor ta l creatures that exist only
to make war,
they w i l l wreak havoc
until they return back to the Realm
of Chaos, either through their lord’s
w i l l or by having their bodies slain,
forcing them back to regain their
physical form. As they are entities
created from the essence of Khorne

F rom atop a mountain of skulls that stretched upwards far beyond
the height of sanity, Khorne brooded upon his brass throne. His
black hear t and indomitable will did not tolerate defeat. His
brother gods, the scattered kingdoms, the lesser deities – from the self-
proclaimed King of Bones in Shy ish to the fey queen of the woods – his
foot had been upon all their necks before Sigmar sent his whelps back
into the Mortal Realms.

Much of his work had been undone, and his nostrils now detected
a once-familiar odour – that of civ ilisation. The Blood God glowered.
Smoke rose from his body. There was only one solution, as there always
was. He roared, an enraged bellow that blasted across the realms, and
upon rippling banners and scaly flesh, the rune of Khorne burned bright
as his armies marched to war.


PAGEBREAK
It is Khorne’s desire to drown the Eight Realms in a tide of slaughter. Relentlessly the Blood God sends forth his
daemon legions and mortal hordes to conquer and ki l l, not resting until there is nothing left but pooling gore and
shattered bone. The skull tributes are stacked high before the armies march off to find new quarry…


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Khorne’s Domain

8

KHORNE’S DOMAIN

There is a place of endless war, where clouds of rage drift across battlefields that stretch to the far horizon. Bones,
sundered armour and shattered blades are strewn everywhere, and rivers of blood flow into vast lakes. Brazen
horns blare as armies charge into the fray, warriors hacking each other apart beneath crimson skies.

Far from the light of any sun or
star lies the infernal place known
as the Realm of Chaos. It is a land
of nightmares, unrestrained by
physical laws. In this warped plane
of existence, mortal fears are given
unholy form, and time and space
twist insanely in upon themselves.
This is the home of the Chaos Gods,
and the principal battlefield on which
each deity strives for dominion over
his brothers.

As the Mortal Realms are shaped
by their defining features, so too are
the landscapes beneath the rule of
each of the Dark Gods. At present,
the largest of the kingdoms in the
Realm of Chaos is that of Khorne,
the Blood God. His is a realm built
upon a foundation of violence, a
blood-soaked landscape that echoes
endlessly to the clash of arms and the
bellowing of challenges.

Khorne has no appreciation for
beauty of form in his black heart, and
he yearns only for violence, for he is
the Blood God, the Taker of Skulls.
His immortal mind has room only
for thoughts of war, rage and murder.
So it is that Khorne’s
land is one of
constant battle. It serves no other
function, for to the Lord of Skulls all
else is trivial, and it is dominated by
endless vistas of blasted wastelands
made ruddy by the blood spilt upon
them. Occasionally,
jagged canyons
and craters break the uneven ground,
each a site of a titanic clash in which
Khorne’s daemonic servants battled
amongst themselves or against the
minions of a rival Chaos God. Bones
are littered everywhere, in some
places piled high like drifted snow.

Here and there, clusters of smaller
pits pockmark the broken earth.
These are the brutal arenas in which
champions endlessly fight, each
competing to win the favour of
almighty Khorne. Challenge after
challenge is fought as long lines of
slaves, would-be conquerors and

slavering monsters from across the
realms are marched into these pits.
Few escape such bloody bouts of
combat. The fallen who die bravely
are resurrected to fight again and
again in an endless battle that can
never be won, while those who prove
weak are despatched forevermore.

Surrounding the borders of this
domain are jagged volcanoes. These
volatile mountains spew out rivers
of earthblood, the blazing liquid
as hot as Khorne’s anger. With
sudden violence the volcanoes erupt,
hurling burning brass skulls across
the Realm of Chaos or out into the
Mortal Realms. Thousands of forges
harness the roaring hellfires within
those mountains, using their hateful
heat to create daemon blades and
graven armour for Khorne’s greatest
champions. Oily crimson clouds
billow forth from the smokestacks,
mixing with the emissions that

churn out of the smouldering
volcanic peaks to give the skies an
ominous appearance.

Hacked into the slopes or formed out
of skull-faced rock are the Juggernaut
pens, the clang of their butting heads
echoing the distant mechanised
thump of the rage factories or hate-
forges. If one could see through the
thick smoke that shrouds those slopes
there would be but endless skullfields
and broken land, a bleak vision that
stretches beyond the horizon. Yet
something still more foreboding
looms beyond…

THE BRASS CITADEL

Towering over the desolation of
Khorne’s
realm is the Brass Citadel.
Here, at the dark heart of his realm,
is the Blood God’s awe-inspiring seat
of power. The unfathomable scale
of this fortress makes a mockery of

THE GREAT GAME

The Dark Gods of Chaos each have their own particular spheres of
influence, their own daemonic and mortal servants, and their own
territories. The Realm of Chaos is not merely the home of the Dark Gods.
It is also their eternal battlefield, for they are rivals in an endless battle
for supremacy known as the Great Game. While fighting for power
bonds are formed and then broken as Khorne, Nurgle, Tzeentch vie for
domination of not only the Realm of Chaos, but also the Mortal Realms.
Even the pantheon’s newcomer,
the Great Horned Rat, attempts to sneak
into the feud. One of the Dark Gods is missing, and many – including
Khorne – do not know the fate of Slaanesh, the Dark Prince.

While the Chaos Gods are all enemies in the Great Game, each bears
a special enmity for one of their brothers. While Khorne finds the
Great Horned Rat to be honourless and weak, Nurgle to be foolishly
sentimental, and Tzeentch’s
reliance on sorcery nothing more than
cowardice,
it is the missing Dark Prince that most stokes the Blood
God’s ire. Slaanesh represents all that Khorne most despises; his
decadence is at odds with the Blood God’s martial pride, and his
wayward fetishes clash with Khorne’s
single-minded desire for
indiscriminate slaughter. Slaanesh, for his part, found Khorne’s artless
brutality dull, and took a perverse delight in agitating the Blood God.
With the Dark Prince gone, Khorne ruled vir tua l ly uncontested during
the Age of Chaos, but new challengers have since risen – and the Blood
God eagerly seeks to grind each of them to dust beneath his iron heel.


PAGEBREAK
9

mountains and is testament to the
Lord of Battle’s power. Its colossal
walls are spattered with gore and
topped with spiked crenellations that
claw through the dark clouds belched
forth from Khorne’s
foundries. Vast
arrays of braziers hang from cruel
hooks, shedding their burning glow
out over the surrounding wasteland.

The walls of this monolithic
stronghold are jagged, their
immensity covered with iron gallows
and brutal spikes. Upon these hang
the remains of champions slain
in Khorne’s fighting pits. They are
strung, skinned and bleeding, so
their drippings streak down the
burnished walls and collect in the
moat of boiling blood that encircles
this dread stronghold.

Within the walls are the Fields of
Damnation. When the Blood Legions
are not fighting upon the skullfields
or within the Mortal Realms, this
is where they are put through their
endless paces. Here is where the
Bloodthirsters contest one another’s

position in the hierarchy, fiercely
battling to improve their standing;
like all of Khorne’s
servants, his
Greater Daemons are given nothing
freely, and must earn their place
through the spilling of blood.

In the central keep is Khorne’s
enormous throne room. The air here
has the coppery scent of a thousand
abattoirs, and the visceral humidity
stains armour crimson. Around the
perimeter stand eight titanic pillars
which rise from a carpet of bone to
the vaulted obsidian ceiling. Around
these columns prowls Karanak,
Khorne’s
three-headed hound, and
from the chamber’s rear comes the
clang of furnace-daemons working
at the Blood God’s anvil. All is lit by
a raging fire, its flames fuelled by the
souls of cowards who fled from battle.

At the grand chamber’s centre is a
mountain of skulls that grows higher
with each offering from Khorne’s
followers. On the summit of this
grisly mound is a great throne of
brass. It is here that the Blood God

sits and oversees all, his eyes drawn
back and forth from the endless
wars of his own realm to the myriad
battles across the Mortal Realms.

Over the ages Khorne has seen
innumerable conflicts. Long eras of
bloodshed have allowed the Lord of
Battle to grow strong, putting him
still further above his rivals – but
not all is well. The glories of the Age
of Chaos ended with the return of
Sigmar, and now that so many of
the realms’ peoples are free of their
chains, civilisation is once more
flourishing. This new landscape has
allowed Tzeentch,
foremost of the
Blood God’s rivals in the pantheon
of Chaos, to inveigle his way towards
greater power – for societal ambitions
were always his route to ascendency.
As populations soar,
it will also not
be long before Nurgle’s plagues wax
strong once again. The Great Horned
Rat remains unworthy of Khorne’s
attention, but Nagash’s
recent bid for
power has not gone unnoticed. And
a strange siren call seems to wail just
out of hearing…


PAGEBREAK
Daemons of Khorne

10

DAEMONS OF KHORNE

Manifestations of primal rage and bloodlust, daemons of Khorne have nothing but contempt for notions such as
peace, and despise the cowardly trickery of magic. They wish only to feel flesh rend under their smouldering claws,
to cleave and crush with their hellforged weapons until the battlefield is drenched in gore.

Like blood gushing from a severed
artery, the daemon legions of Khorne
pour into reality to take battle to
the defenders of the Mortal Realms.
As they march in serried ranks, the
din of blaring horns, snarling war
cries and shouted orders drowns the
battlefield in a murderous cacophony.
Bloodletters lope forwards, long
tongues slathering, cruel eyes glinting
and vicious hellblades raised. From
behind them comes the roar of
infernal war engines as the maws of
Skull Cannons and Blood Thrones
bray hellishly in anticipation of the
coming feast. Along the flanks of the
formation prowl packs of slavering
Flesh Hounds, sniffing for the
sweet scent of fear that wafts from
the enemy, while around them the
ground trembles and cracks under
the hellforged hooves of mighty
Juggernauts ridden by howling
Bloodcrushers. As this tide of red
skin, brass and iron surges forwards,
it is darkened by the shadows of
mighty Bloodthirsters, who crack
the air and buffet the legions
below with each beat of their great,
leathery wings.

When Khorne’s Blood Legions are
unleashed upon their enemies, they
fight with the relentless fur y of their
god-sire. They bathe in the sprays
of warm blood that erupt with each
slash of their claws and blades, and
then wrench the skulls of their still-
living victims from their spines.

Daemons of Khorne are not living
creatures in the way that the
flesh-and-blood denizens of the
Mortal Realms are. Rather, they are
projections of their lord’s infinite
rage, drawn into existence and
given form by his unfettered will.
They arise from the violent roil of
Khorne’s domain, where the Blood
God is the omnipotent master of
all. They are fractured shards of his
hateful essence, born of anger and
consumed by barbaric impulses.
They are empowered with a portion

of Khorne’s martial prowess. Each
daemon is given energy – or what
some might call ‘life’ – for the
singular purpose of slaughter.

The daemons of the Blood God have
no compassion or mercy in their
black hearts, being more akin to
living meat-cleavers than mortals.
A single blow might fell their foe,
but they will continue their rampage
regardless, shattering shields,
hacking at flesh, and tearing and
ripping in their haste to spill blood
and reach more of the enemy. Such is
the daemons’ devotion that to simply
kill is not enough: they must reduce
their opponents to piles of rent flesh.
To fight against such creatures is to
see your comrades eviscerated and
decapitated, their severed heads lifted
so that all might see their final horror
and ultimate defeat.

Unlike mortals, daemons never
tire; their limbs do not grow leaden
from swinging a heavy weapon,
but instead remain as fresh and full
of fur y at the end of the battle as
they were at the beginning. In fact,
Khornate daemons actually gain
in strength during the conflict, for
the splattering of gore and the cries
of the dying only invigorate their
insatiable bloodlust. They eagerly
charge from one melee to the next,

driven on to greater frenetic acts of
rage until no foe is left. The daemons
butcher their enemies to the very last,
for mercy is anathema to the Lord
of Battle and therefore to his savage
reflections also. Gore-covered from
their acts of butchery, they emerge
from the maelstrom of combat so
desperate for more that the injured
or wounded become targets, to the
degree that even a twitching death
throe draws repeated stabs from the
crimson-skinned fiends.

‘Blood for the Blood God,

Skulls for the Skull Throne!’

- Battle cry of Khorne

daemons and mortal worshippers alike

Although each daemon heeds the
will of their creator,
they do not need
his command to kill, for slaughter
is their sole purpose and their
only obsession. All but the lowest
of Khorne’s daemons are able to
act with the independent will of a
nightmare given form. They can even
fight amongst one another, and at
times entire legions will engage in
battles against others of their ilk –
indeed, in the Realm of Chaos this
is common enough as the daemons
vie for higher ranking. So long as it
results in carnage, such dissension
in the ranks is pleasing to Khorne,
and his champions will challenge
each other in the blood pits that litter
his domain to attain greater glory
before him.

WARRING IN MORTAL
AND IMMORTAL LANDS

Khorne’s Blood Legions are made
for war, and to them it matters not
where they battle – only that they do.
However, where Khorne’s daemons
fight determines how easily they are
able to deploy their forces, as well as
what happens when their physical
forms are slain.


PAGEBREAK
11

Daemons move freely in the
Realm of Chaos. Their legions are
constantly on the march, travelling
to battles as the Dark Gods send
their armies to claim territory.
These conflicts range in scale from
apocalyptic wars beyond a mortal’s
mind to comprehend,
to small
border skirmishes. Yet whether they
are fighting across one of the Dark
Gods’ domains or trekking into the
anarchy of the Formless Wastes,
the
daemons of Khorne can advance at
their own w i l l.

It is not so easy for daemons to enter
the Mortal Realms. There are several
known ways in which they can
cross the barrier between the Realm
of Chaos and reality. The most
reliable way is to travel through a
corrupted Realmgate, or to capture
an uncorrupted portal and desecrate
it so that it opens a pathway to
Khorne’s domain. Securing such
direct means of transportation is
rare, and many wars have been
waged to do so.

A far more common method of
daemons gaining ingress into the
lands of mortals is by summoning.
Other Ruinous Powers use sorcerers
as conduits to enable their daemons
to enter the Mortal Realms, but
as magic is abhorred by Khorne,
his followers instead gather in
tribes and warbands to praise their

god with murder. Gruesome and
gore-soaked rituals w i l l weaken the
barrier enough for the Blood God’s
daemons to claw and hack their way
through. Particularly impressive
feats of slaughter w i l l draw the eye
of Khorne, and such is the intensity
of his gaze that it w i l l fur ther enable
his daemons to manifest themselves
in reality. Some,
like the Heartseeker
Tribe, eat the hearts of their foes,
while others,
like the Axeclan Tribe,
stack sku l ls to create crude icons of
Khorne. There are many variants –
a l l based around extreme violence
– but a l l can bring contact with
Khorne’s daemons.

Should those who brought them
into reality be judged worthy,
the summoned daemons wi l l
fight by their side – otherwise,
the creatures w i l l fa l l upon the
mortals in a frenzy of violence.
After entering the Mortal Realms,
daemons w i l l rampage unchecked
and cannot return unless either
Khorne summons them back, they
find a corrupted Realmgate or they
are slain.

Should a daemon of Khorne be slain,
its fate w i l l depend upon whether
it was felled in the Realm of Chaos
or in the Mortal Realms. As they
are shards of a god, their souls are
functionally immortal, but their
physical forms are not; once these

suffer enough damage, the creature’s
energy is returned to its maker. In
the Realm of Chaos such a journey
is nearly instantaneous, but if slain
in the Mortal Realms the daemon’s
spirit has a longer and more perilous
journey that exposes them to
the soul-predators that roam the
Sku l l Lands.

Eventually the spirits of Khorne’s
slain daemons w i l l appear before the
Brass Citadel – not the main gates,
for the defeated are undeser ving
of that honour. Instead, they must
face the ignominy of entering
the fortress through the Gates of
the Vanquished.

To gain admittance through the
Gates of the Vanquished a daemon
must reveal its true name to the
gatekeeper, as well as how it came to
lose its form. The spirit then travels
down the fiery nether-tunnels that
wind below the base of Khorne’s
sku l l mountain. Their path takes
them to the flames of Helbrass, a
furnace fuelled by the Blood God’s
boundless hate. Those who sur vive
the blasting heat and spirit-battles
within the flames are gifted a new
physical form and placed in a legion.
Those daemon souls who meet their
end in Helbrass are agonisingly
pulled apart, their names forever
forgotten and their energies
returned to Khorne.

THE RISE OF ULL’ZHARR

The Bloodletter whose true eight-syllable name was Ull’zharr-khul’Thar-
skur’Rath-khur-nak first served in the Blood Legion of Rath’Ghar. As
daemons are loath to reveal their true names, the creature was known only
as Ull’zharr, but gained notoriety during the Throb-land Wars between
Khorne and Slaanesh. When Rath’Ghar and his legion were ambushed
by Daemonettes led by Sslish the Depraved, Ull’zharr alone had the
wherewithal to cut out of the gossamer bonds which held the Khornate
forces fast. Fighting alone, Ull’zharr in his fur y slew scores of Daemonettes
before being pulled down and snipped to pieces. Enraged at Rath’Ghar
for
allowing himself and his legion to be captured, Khorne refused to remake
their physical forms, banishing all of them within the flames of Helbrass
– all, that is, save Ull’zharr. The daemon had earned the
honour of fighting in the Skullpits, where he attained the
rank of Herald by defeating hundreds of other would-be
champions. During the Age of Chaos, Ull’zharr fought
in many campaigns in the Mortal Realms, leading his
cohort in enough slaughters to earn the right to enter the
Brass Pens. By capturing a Juggernaut, Ull’zharr emerged
as a Skullmaster.


PAGEBREAK
The Path of Skulls

12

THE PATH OF SKULLS

Khorne demands much of those mortals who dare to follow him. The Blood God is a merciless and unforgiving
deity, and those who fail to appease him are subject to swift and brutal punishment. Yet for those with the
strength to tread the path of skulls and conquer its deadly trials, the reward is untold power.

In addition to his daemonic Blood
Legions, Khorne has many mortal
followers. Some are drawn to the
Lord of Skulls by ambitions of
power, others through the simple
glorification of martial prowess.
Khorne’s worshippers do not
congregate in temples or partake in
cloistered prayer. They meet on the
battlefield to praise their god through
ruthless and unending slaughter,
for
this is the only offering that is suitable
for the Blood God. As such, Khorne’s
followers are not proselytised
through words but through violence.

Some are born into tribes of blood
culture, where eating the heart of
a slain enemy is a rite of passage
to become a warrior. Others see
Khorne’s bloodlust as the precept by
which great power and dominance
over the Mortal Realms are achieved.
Still others do not willingly devote
themselves to Khorne, but are instead

slowly overtaken by an insatiable love
of bloodshed as they seek vengeance
for murdered loved ones or engage in
violence for some other just cause.

In an age of constant war, there is a
fine line between glorifying battle
and treating it as a religion; within
just a few generations, and without
any overt signs of Chaos corruption,
a tribe can move from taking simple
pride in the ability of its warriors
to defend its lands, to lauding its
military above all. With each martial
act it comes closer to becoming a

brutal, savage culture in which might
determines right and no quarter is
asked for or given – and with each
such act does Khorne’s hold on them
tighten. Thus does a tribe move from
defending its territory to attacking
its neighbours, from taking prisoners
and sparing civilians to butchering
the innocent, from grimly accepting
killing to revelling in it.

Regardless of reason, a mortal who
becomes a follower of Khorne has
only carnage in their future, for they
have stepped onto the path of skulls.
It is an avenue to immortality that is
crowded with hopefuls, but only the
strongest and most selfish survive
to the end. When those on the path
gather en masse, they raid and engage
in frenzied battles to appease their
deity. The skulls of the slain are
given up in worship, with those of
superlative foes making the most
hallowed of offerings. There is no


PAGEBREAK
filling with rows of jagged fangs, or
immense horns erupting from the
sides of their skull. The quest to gain
favour becomes an addiction; each
fresh ki l l is made in anticipation of
further gifts. With each skull they
offer, their mortality recedes further
away, replaced by the dark glory
of daemonhood.

discrimination in where this blood
comes from, and Khornate warriors
will kill their own leaders to gain
greater glory for themselves.

THE BLOODBOUND

There are many who give blood
offerings to Khorne and who, in
return, receive unnatural power.
Only the most dedicated of these
Slaves to Darkness follow that path
of brutality further and undertake
the eight archaic Trials of Khorne. If
the trial is survived, the gore-covered
acolyte is made Bloodbound, one
of Khorne’s chosen warriors. These
favoured servants are bestowed
with daemonic gifts of strength
and martial prowess. Such unholy
blessings mutate their recipients so
that their veins quake with rage,
and the iron smell of fresh blood
becomes to them like the sweet scent
of air to a drowning man.

It is difficult to discern how such
gifts are bestowed, for some powers
are matched with the fierce attributes
of the receiver, while others are
simply inexplicable. Those who are
greatly blessed wi l l find their fingers
growing into claws, their mouth

On the path of skulls, there are many
routes that a warrior may take, each
with their own brutal proficiencies in
war and slaughter. Such progressions
are not always in a straight line,
but those who leave the bloodiest
offerings find themselves becoming

13

further engorged with daemonic
energies. Boldness, bravery and
martial prowess are all rewarded, but
nothing gains Khorne’s
favour more
than copious tributes of blood and
skulls. When a champion has soaked
entire continents in blood they
may rise to lead their Warhorde as
a Mighty Lord of Khorne. But even
then the Blood God demands more
slaughter,
for ultimately the path has
but two destinations.

‘Slay or be slain – thus was it always,

thus

shall

it ever be. By my axe blade shall

I

conquer and live eternally, or fall

in battle

and offer my own blood to Khorne.’

- Korghos Khul

Those pledged to Khorne must
continue k i l ling in his name
until every last shred of their
mortality is abandoned and they
are transformed into a monstrous
Daemon Prince. Alternatively,
they
themselves w i l l meet a violent,
bloody death. Either way, such
sacrifice is a pleasing offering to the
Lord of Battle.

D urnok grunted as he
yanked his axe out of
the ogor’s spine. There
were no more foes left standing,
yet he was still full of the heady
rush of battle. He had hoped
Khorne might reward him for
his deeds – he had just slain
dozens of worthy foes, including
single-handedly felling the
largest of the enemy. Yet even as
he hacked off the ogor’s head for
the skull pile, Durnok felt only
the simple elation of battle, and
not the glorious throbbing of
the Blood God’s power pulsing
within his body. The would-be
warlord howled in frustration as
he turned upon his tribespeople,
creating red ruin as his axe
swept through them. At last, as
Durnok laughed at the carnage
he was causing, Khorne’s
terrible favour was bestowed
upon him.


PAGEBREAK
Armies of Unreason

14

ARMIES OF UNREASON

During the Age of Chaos, the Blood Legions and the Bloodbound fought in multiple campaigns to establish their
deity ’s supremacy. Although the arrival of the Stormcast Eternals pushed back the armies of Chaos and reclaimed
some of what was lost, many of the lands are still beneath the thral l of the Blood God.

It was during the Age of Myth that
men first became corrupted by
the Chaos Gods. It began slowly
for those who would come to be
dedicated to Khorne; the values of
the most aggressive and warlike of
cultures began to twist until they
saw war not as a means to an end,
but rather as a way of life. Once
accustomed and addicted to the
violence of battle it was only a matter
of time before the more extreme
elements rose. Many trained knights
of civilised empires and honourable
warriors of wilderness tribes
would be aghast to witness their
descendants acting like bloodthirsty
zealots, offering no quarter and
desecrating the fallen, eating their
flesh or ceaselessly hacking them
apart to revel in the gore.

By the beginning of the Age of
Chaos, fully fledged Bloodbound
Warhordes
stalked the lands of all
realms. By the end of that era the
minions of the Dark Gods held the
majority of continents across the
Mortal Realms, squeezing them in
an ever-tightening, merciless grip
of iron. Where once myriad peoples
prospered, now their scattered bones
stretched for miles. Where great
miracles of magic lit the lands with
their glory, now skull-clad fortresses
of brass and iron leered over the
ruins. And wherever Khorne’s
mortal worshippers gathered in vast
enough numbers to draw their god’s
gaze, there also did the Blood God’s
daemons manifest.

Each Bloodbound tribe has their
own unique, if gruesome, method of
drawing the Blood Legions through
the barrier between the Realm of
Chaos and the Mortal Realms. In
the midst of battle, the fanatics of
the Bloodfeast Tribe devour the
flesh of freshly killed champions
and imbibe their still-warm blood
while chanting praise to Khorne. As
they do so, enormous brass chalices
carried by the tribe’s Slaughterpriests

begin to fill with ichor, and when
the gore of enough worthy foes has
been consumed, the overflowing
cups are poured onto the battlefield.
The beacon of violence that this
grisly ritual creates serves to guide
slaughter-hungry daemons through
the void between realms.

Other warbands have less sanctified
methods for summoning the infernal
legions. When the Brazen Butchers
beset their enemies, they attempt
to hack each foe into eight pieces.
When the battlefield is covered with
enough severed body parts, daemons
begin to crawl from the piles of gore.

The desecration of a Realmgate can
bring entire Blood Legions to the
battlefield. Should Khorne’s attention
be drawn by the ritual despoilment
of a gate with the viscera of its
guardians, the passage between
realms can be linked directly to the
Lord of Battle’s domain.

BLOOD HUNT

When they first arrive through the
veil that separates realms, the Blood
Legions immediately begin to reap
sku l ls for Khorne. It is a task they
never stop,
for they require neither
rest nor sustenance – they need
not even air,
for the only thing that
sustains them is constant bloodshed.
Their life is one ceaseless campaign
of war, cutting swathes through a l l

they find until they themselves are
slain or they are recalled by Khorne
for some more pressing duty.

During the course of these constant
campaigns in the Mortal Realms,
should cohorts of the Blood
Legions be reduced in number,
they w i l l simply fight on at reduced
strength. If losses are severe, the
remaining daemons w i l l seek to join
other formations, and if none are
available,
they w i l l simply continue
their k i l ling spree as best they can.
Throughout
the realms there are
tales of travellers encountering
small bands of Khornate daemons,
roaming the lands in search of
blood. A lone Bloodletter,
the last of
his legion, w i l l st i l l
lope frantica l ly
to close with any living creature it
can savage with its hellblade.

For their par t, most Bloodbound
Warhordes are also on constant
campaign, erecting encampments
as they move across the lands. Once
they have slaughtered or enslaved
the local populace they w i l l march
on to set up a new site, often leaving
behind a fortified strongpoint
to
stand guard over the ruins. Typical
encampments are little more than
skin huts or the hollowed out sku l ls
of enormous beasts dragged on great
wagons by slave-trains that stretch
for miles.

Although the constant hunt for
new vict ims ensures that the
Khornate warriors are frequently
on the march, this does not mean
that there are not locations of vital
importance to them. Permanent
residences for the Bloodbound are
rare, but not unheard of, such as
the Jagtooth Forts in Aqshy or the
Boneclaw Hi l ls in Ghur. They also
have sacred grounds, most often
the sites where the greatest deeds
of slaughter happened, where blood
flowed in rivers and reality cracked
apart. There the lands have become
saturated with the energies of the


PAGEBREAK
15

concentrate upon war alone. Indeed,
it was slave labour that lifted up
Korghos Khul’s pyramid of skulls.
Behind the Blood God’s Warhordes
trail lines of manacled drudges. It is
they who stack skulls, prepare ritual
feasts, and drag iron-wheeled wagons
laden with equipment, fell idols and
food; at need, the slaves will even
serve as the food itself.

The coming of the Stormcast
Eternals, and those early defeats
suffered at the hands of Sigmar’s
armies and their allies, continue
to serve as a source of rage for the
followers of Khorne. They find the
Stormhosts worthy foes, and focus
their hatred upon them and all that
they have built. Khorne himself

remembers every one of his losses
during the Realmgate Wars,
from the
fall of Mount Infernus – the largest
of the monuments raised in his name
– to the least idol erected by the most
primitive of tribes.

To look upon the vast new cities
raised by the forces of Order causes
any Khornate warrior to fall into a
black rage. They long to batter down
their walls, and slaughter every
citizen to honour the Blood God.
Indeed, many of these fledgeling
strongholds and cities have already
been toppled by Khorne’s daemon
and mortal armies, and with every
passing day the Lord of Battle’s
followers come closer to bringing
about a true reckoning.

Realm of Chaos. Such warping
powers have a rejuvenating effect
upon daemons, and Blood Legions
sometimes congregate there while
they muster for the next battle.

At some of these locations – such as
the Skull Mount of the Cotha region
in Aqshy or the Bloodswamp in
Ghyran – enormous structures have
been erected. Fell idols offer tribute to
Khorne, who favours those who raise
in his name monolithic and gore-
covered monuments that declare his
supremacy for all to see.

Some of the regions bathed in
dark energies are vast in size. The
Scablands – once the site of the
Lympirric Empire – is now a cracked
wasteland where scavengers hunt
through piled bones and the ground
oozes blood like a fresh wound. In
such an area it takes little effort to
break the veil between dimensions.
It was here that a Slaughterpriest first
unlocked the secret to summoning
an altar from the Skull Lands, a grim
platform from which they could
invoke the judgements of Khorne –
physical manifestations of the Blood
God’s power and rage.

Many a Bloodbound leader – from
Korghos Khul to Lord Rhex – has
come to the Scablands to receive
boons directly from the Blood God.
In the empire’s heart had once stood
the Lympirric Goldflame Gate, a
Realmgate that connected Aqshy to
Chamon. Since its capture during the
Red Century the portal has been the
site of many a ritualised slaughter.
Now known as the Dripping Gate,
this bleeding doorway leads not to
the Realm of Metal, but to the Skull
Lands in the Realm of Chaos.

All Bloodbound seek to capture or
corrupt their own unholy sites, and
to control even one such place is
the mark of a powerful tribe. The
Cliff of Skulls, Eightpillars and the
Lavableed Portal are sites in Aqshy
that were consecrated with oceans
of blood by the Goretide during
their rise to ascension in the Great
Parch. It is in such grim places that
the Bloodbound raise fell keeps and
slave pits. Slaves are vital for Khorne’s
mortal followers, for having prisoners
carry out their labour allows them to


PAGEBREAK
Bane of Sorcerers

16

BANE OF SORCERERS

There is little that does not make mighty Khorne rage, but nothing gets the fu l l focus of his fur y as do the eldritch
arts. Magic is anathema to the Blood God, and he incites his followers to seek out and destroy spellcasters at any
cost. The sorcerous cataclysm brought about by Nagash has elevated this ire to an entirely new level of loathing.

Across the Mortal Realms, the sage
and foolish alike seek the secrets
of magic to repel their enemies
or attain everlasting glory. They
beseech Khorne’s brothers in the
Chaos pantheon, seeking eldritch
knowledge and hoping that their
adulation wi l l be rewarded with
powers of witchery. Some supplicants
become wizards of incredible ability,
gifted with an understanding of
magic in reward for their devotion.
But none ever entreat Khorne for
gifts of sorcery, as it is known that
such requests wi l l never be answered
– save perhaps for a visitation by the
Blood God’s hordes.

Khorne despises magic, for it is the
antithesis of the physical exertion
he favours. Strength, skill and
face-to-face slaughter are the sole
tenets of worship that he demands.
Those who use magic spend their
lives studying ancient tomes and
learning obsequious litanies rather
than tearing free the skulls of
their enemies and offering them
to Khorne in tribute. They either
eschew close combat or use their
powers to aid them – a revolting
deceit no better than those who
attempt to triumph through trickery
and artifice rather than pure brawn,
martial skill, and sheer bloody-
minded physical determination.

The reek of magic enrages the
Blood God. The flux-cairns of the
Tzeentchian Arcanites and the
ancient glades of the Sylvaneth draw
his baleful gaze, for in such places
the aura of enchantment hangs thick.
His daemon and mortal followers
fall upon these sites like predatory
animals swarming a lumbering
beast, and through their butchery
they smother the redolence with the
pure scent of freshly spilt blood.

Few draw more of Khorne’s
ire than
the Seraphon, for these warriors of
Azyr are magic given form. Even
when their reptilian flesh is rent

by blades, blood does not flow –
their bodies merely evaporate as
their life force flows back to their
slann masters.

THE NECROQUAKE

Khorne holds nothing but contempt
for Nagash, the Great Necromancer
and self-proclaimed God of Death.
The armies of the dead fight in
endless battles, but they do so
without fur y or righteous anger.
They have none of the red vital
fluid to spill in order to please
and invigorate Khorne. In them is
only magic.

Several times Khorne has sent forth
his Blood Legions and Bloodbound
Warhordes
to defeat Nagash, a
challenger who has risen to the
status of a lesser god. Each time
they met with success, and once
Nagash was even cut down – yet
he eventually rose again. Through
incredible necromantic artifice,
Nagash and his minions kept rising
up to threaten Khorne’s
supremacy.

Bitter over previous defeats, Nagash
had long brooded in the dark
underworlds, endlessly dwelling
upon the indignities heaped upon
him. Nagash believed that all souls
would travel to the underworlds of

Shyish to be ruled by him alone, for
as self-proclaimed Supreme Lord
of the Undead he felt this was his
due. Chief amongst those wronging
him were the Chaos Gods, for they
corrupted or devoured souls and
did not allow them to pass into their
natural afterlife. His grievances
extended to many other factions –
ranging from the aelves to Sigmar’s
Stormcast Eternals – that also
withheld the souls of their fallen for
their own purposes. Thus did Nagash
plot his revenge against a l l.

In a calculating and methodical
fashion, Nagash began his plan over
a thousand years ago. Only recently
was the ritual spell of hitherto
unforeseen power nearly completed,
with the construction of a vast black
pyramid of harvested realmstone in
the heart of Shyish.

Had the ritual reached its
conclusion, Nagash would have
ripped the souls out of every living
thing in the realms, destroying all
life. Every faction in the Realm of
Chaos and the Mortal Realms sent
armies to halt the dreaded ritual,
but they all met with failure, stalling
against waiting armies of the dead.
Yet where martial strength failed,
the lowly skaven – through sheer
ignorance of what was unfolding
around them – befouled the spell at
the last moment so that it did not
work as intended. Instead, the ritual
ended with a backlash of fell energies
that overwhelmed Nagash and swept
across the void, and from there into
each of the Mortal Realms.

This tidal wave of eldritch energies
– which would come to be known
as the necroquake – loosed rampant
undeath and wild magic. The dead
rose to attack the living, murderous
spirits swarmed over every realm,
and a powerful new type of sorcery
rampaged across the landscape –
endless spells that, once cast, moved
with a mind of their own.


PAGEBREAK
17

As aftershocks continued, each one
rocking the Mortal Realms anew,
Nagash commenced his Soul Wars.
Dozens of simultaneous campaigns
were launched across the lands as the
God of the Dead sought to avenge
himself upon those who would steal
the souls he felt were his by right.

ENDLESS SPELLS

Upon looking down from his brass
throne, Khorne was enraged by what
he saw. The power of magic was
rising, and potent new spells were
not only flying across the battlefields,
but continuing to stalk the lands
long after the conflict in which they
were invoked had ended. In his
simmering fury, Khorne issued a
new blood-edict.

Destroy all sorcerers has always
been Khorne’s mantra, but with
the arrival of the period known
amongst the learned as the Arcanum
Optimar,
the Blood God began to
offer immediate boons to those
who slew spellcasters, and the more
gory and spectacular the death, the
greater the reward. To Khorne there
is no such thing as overkill, and
the splattered remains of a wizard
sprayed across a wide area is a fitting
warning to any who might dare to
practice such loathsome craft.

So hot was Khorne’s anger on the
matter that his gaze pierced the
veil of reality with a new intensity.
Where he saw his minions beset by
sorcerous powers, the heat of his
glare became palpable. Invigorated
by the presence of his indomitable
will, Slaughterpriests could use the
blazing power of the Blood God’s
hatred to better unbind the very
fabrics that held spells together.

It was Lakshar Bloodspeaker,
Korghos Khul’s chief Slaughterpriest
within the Goretide, who first
invoked a judgement of Khorne. It
happened in the Scablands, where the
barrier between reality and the Realm
of Chaos was already stretched thin.
With rich offerings of blood and the
sheer immensity of his own hatred,
the Slaughterpriest’s
ritual caused a
Skull Altar to rise from the ground.
Upon it, Lakshar sacrificed members
of a Tzeentchian cult, further fuelling
his powers. When the cult’s leader
was brought to the altar, Lakshar’s
rancorous chants summoned forth
a blazing icon of Khorne above the
tribute’s head, which hovered in mid-
air for a moment before plunging
down to skewer the sorcerer upon its
sharpened brass prongs.

Lakshar’s discovery was just the
beginning. All across the Mortal

Realms, Khornate priests found that,
through the power of their focused
hatred and maledictive chants,
they could summon manifestations
from Khorne’s domain. Skull Altars
appeared, rising as if grown from
the battlefield itself, their metal still
blazing with the heat of the Blood
God’s incandescent rage. From these
platforms, skull tributes could be
transferred directly to the base of
the Skull Throne, and about them
swirled raw and brutal energies that
dampened eldritch forces.

Vows of violence against wizards
were rewarded with spell-eating
monstrosities like the Hexgorger
Skulls, while purest rage could call
forth a vengeful axe that chopped
down from the sky to cleave those
who dared stand against Khorne’s
will. In the midst of battle a Bleeding
Icon could now appear, declaring
Khorne’s dominance and the
impending doom of his enemies.

Backed by these judgements of
Khorne, the Blood God’s followers
met the increased arcane power of
their foes head on. Slaughterpriests
led the way into this new era, using
the gory remains of slain wizards
to daub themselves in warpaint – a
savage tribute sure to gain even more
of the Blood God’s favour.

COLLARS OF KHORNE

The infamous Collars of Khorne are most commonly
seen clasped around the neck of Flesh Hounds,
although they can sometimes be worn by a favoured
mortal champion or other daemon-type. Such prized
gifts are forged from the heat of Khorne’s
rage at the
very foot of the Blood God’s throne, and they contain a
portion of his indomitable will.

Some say that the collars’ power comes from infusions
of the blood of powerful wizards slain by Khorne’s
followers, while others claim that the devices exude
a fraction of the Blood God’s eternal loathing for any
form of witchcraft. All that is known for sure is that
the collars repel magic, making their wearers the bane
of sorcerers. Even the most powerful of mages finds
spells directed at a target wearing a Collar of Khorne
fizzling out ineffectively or disappearing harmlessly
into the air. As their incantations falter, some casters
have even heard harsh, barking laughter – like the
rumble of distant thunder – as their eldritch efforts
come to naught. Because of their anti-magic aura, the

Flesh Hounds of Khorne are highly feared by wizards.
Sorcerers of all races tell warning tales and horror
stories of those in their craft who heard the hellish
baying and could not escape. No enchantment or
conjured illusion can throw the Flesh Hounds off the
scent of their quarry, and they wi l l not cease chasing
down their prey until their dagger-like teeth have rent
apart the object of their hunt.

Most Collars of Khorne are made up of simple brass,
although while in the act of cancelling out magic,
runes and sigils of Khorne can often be seen blazing
to life along these unadorned bands. The collars are
sometimes studded or spiked, and those bearing iron
spikes often have them on both the outside and inside
of the ring. The eternal heat of the Collar of Khorne’s
forging binds it to its recipient, shrinking to a tight fit
so that not even a claw can come between the device
and its wearer’s skin. Once so clasped, nothing short of
decapitation can remove the thick band of metal from
around its owner’s neck.


PAGEBREAK
AEONS OF SLAUGHTER

18

AEONS OF SLAUGHTER

Since the last days of the Age of Myth, the cal l of the Blood God has echoed through the realms. Hordes of mortal
warriors and legions of daemonic butchers have paid savage tribute to Khorne, bathing the lands in gore and
collecting skulls for the Skull Throne.

As time does not flow in the
Realm of Chaos – where the laws
of reality are not in effect – this
timeline is largely reflective of the
Mortal Realms, although there are
occasional crossovers with major
events in the Great Game that take
place in the Realm of Chaos.

AGE OF MYTH

SLAANESH IS MISSING

Following the destruction of the
world-that-was, the youngest of
the Ruinous Powers goes missing.
With that constant thorn in his side
removed, Khorne directs his legions
to conquer new territories across
the Realm of Chaos. The Blood God
claims nearly a quarter of what once
was the outermost ring surrounding
the Dark Prince’s Pleasure Palace.

SLOW CORRUPTION

Upon discovering the Mortal
Realms, Khorne desires them for
his own. With no ready access to
the lands, however,
the Blood God
is forced to proceed slowly. While
the Brass Citadel shakes to Khorne’s
frustrated roars, the militarisation
and power-hungry ways of humans,
and the betrayal of the duardin gods,
become the weak spots through
which the seeds of corruption
are planted.

THE SKULL LANDS EXPAND

Despite a temporary alliance
between Tzeentch, Nurgle and the

Great Horned Rat, Khorne’s Blood
Legions succeed in conquering
swathes of the Formless Wastes,
adding those territories to
the immensity of the Lord of
Battle’s
realm.

THE RISE OF IDOLS

With savage tribes stacking high the
skulls of their greatest ki l ls, and the
newfound cities of Order building
monuments to their own militar y
conquests, Khorne’s power continues
to grow, and blood cults soon
flourish within primitive villages
and grand cities alike.

AGE OF CHAOS

THE FIRST GORESTORM

The Chrome Kingdoms are torn
asunder by hundreds of thousands
of Wrathmongers gathered under
the banner of Akor Ragemaker, one
of the mightiest Skullgrinders to
ever live.

THE FALL OF MIREHOLD

In the Plague Lakes of Vhynosoir
the Bloodbound unite with Nurgle’s
faithful for a massed naval invasion
of the city of Mirehold. As soon as
the city falls, the Khornate warriors
turn upon their pox-ridden allies,
burning their fleet to cinders.

BURNING SKIES

Sigmar is defeated, and the God-
King resolves to withdraw to the
Realm of Heavens, closing the Gates
of Azyr behind him. The tyrants of
Chaos are free to consume the lands
he once protected.

THE RED CENTURY

Also known as the Great Slaughter,
this period marks the beginning of
the Blood God’s rise to supremacy.
Khorne’s armies reave a bloody
path across the realms, with only
Shyish resisting. Vast monoliths,
skull-piles and icons of the Dark
Gods are raised over dozens of
once-great cities and nations, such

as Thal’donn, Capilaria and the
Scablands, to commemorate the
victories of the forces of Chaos.

WARS OF THE DEAD

Ever defiant, Nagash refuses to bow
before the Chaos Gods. He raises
army after army of the undead in
an attempt to keep his dominion
over the underworlds of Shyish, yet
the Great Necromancer is defeated.
Finally, at the Battle of Black Skies,
against the combined legions of the
Ruinous Powers, he is cast down and
slain, forced to recover in one of his
hidden sanctuaries for centuries.

THE FIRST TO FALL

Aqshy is almost entirely overrun
by the Lord of Battle’s armies, the
Blood Legions and Bloodbound
toppling the last of the realm’s
civilisations built during the Age of
Myth. The slaughter is boundless,
and those not slain in the carnage are
soon enslaved. There are hundreds
of Bloodbound tribes and Blood
Legions scouring the lands, but the
most infamous of all is the Goretide,
led by the fearsome Korghos Khul.
All empires are destroyed, and
although hidden encampments of
opposition remain, those survivors
are constantly hunted. A number of
Fyreslayer magmaholds also hold
out, albeit under a constant state
of siege as Chaos forces seek to slay
their occupants. Such minor details
hold little interest for Khorne, and he
turns to a greater cause.

ONLY ONE CAN RULE

With few worthy mortals left to hunt,
the Blood God’s wrathful eye turns
upon his fellow gods. In the Realm of
Chaos, Khorne’s Blood Legions spear
deep into the Garden of Nurgle, the
Crystal Labyrinth and the Pleasure
Palace. The Great Game soon spills
over into the Mortal Realms, and so
begin the Blood Times. Those forces
of Tzeentch, Nurgle and Slaanesh that
aided in the conquer of Aqshy are the
first to be slain, and before long the
followers of Khorne’s brothers feel the


PAGEBREAK
19

Blood God’s ire in all of the realms.
Khornate warbands turn on former
comrades, butchering them in the
Lord of Battle’s name. Several times
the hated Seraphon arrive to thwart
the Blood God’s slaughter of his rival
gods’ servants, although more often
than not, they too are destroyed.

AGE OF SIGMAR

A NEW FOE

Sigmar’s great work is revealed with
the opening of the Heavens and
the unleashing of his Stormcast
Eternals. The Hammers of Sigmar
Stormhost first strikes at the
Brimstone Peninsula, where Vandus
Hammerhand’s Thunderstrike
Brotherhood seizes the first Gate
of Azyr from the Goretide of
Korghos Khul. Soon other strikes
occur a l l across the Mortal Realms.
It is the beginning of a fierce and
deadly rivalr y.

WAR FOR AQSHY

Upon Aqshy’s arid sprawls – the
Great Parch in par t icu lar – the
Hammers of Sigmar lead the fight.
Al l across the Igneous Delta the
Bloodbound find themselves beset,
their slaves liberated and their
strongholds destroyed. Although
Khul believes he has the Stormcasts
trapped, the leader of the Goretide is
betrayed by Lord Skinskein. Enraged
at his failure to slay his arch-enemy,
Khul
leads the Goretide to massacre
Skinskein and many of his a l lies,
annexing the traitor’s daemon legion
into his own ranks .

THE DYING LIGHT

Beneath the g loaming canopy of
the Stovinyan Shadowforest,
the
Skullfiend Tribe and their allies

meet the Astra l Templars and a
great host of Seraphon in a frantic
battle for control of the Seven Stones
of Rhael.

REALMGATE WARS

The Stormcast Eternals establish
beachheads around key Realmgates.
Hundreds of bitter and bloody
battles rage across all of the Mortal
Realms as the forces of Chaos seek to
drive back Sigmar’s warriors.

RISE OF ORDER, RETURN OF
THE COWARDLY

The Idoneth emerge from beneath
the waves, where they had hidden
from Khorne’s dominance. The
shadows swirl in Ulgu, and from
the recesses that defied exploration
come new armies – both the warrior
women of Morathi and something
darker. The Sylvaneth rise up in
Ghyran, having grown strong after
an era hiding behind hated illusions.
Many of these sku lk ing aelven
factions ally with the Stormcast
Eternals. Through their combined
efforts, civilisation returns to the
Mortal Realms and many new cities
are raised.

KHUL RETURNS

With his Goretide now bolstered by
the daemonic legion claimed at Orb
Infernia, Korghos Khul ambushes
the Heavenhost Chamber of the
Hammers of Sigmar at Farrakyre
Pass, decimating their number.
It is sweet vengeance, but not
nearly enough.

MALIGN PORTENTS

Khorne catches the scent of magic in
the air, and has visions of Nagash’s
plan – a ritual to destroy a l l
life
in the Mortal Realms. Hating the
Great Necromancer’s ambitions of
passionless, perfect order, Khorne
sends forth many mortal and
daemonic armies to prevent such a
future coming to pass.

THE NECROQUAKE

Delaying the invaders of Shyish,
Nagash nearly succeeds in his ritual
to end life on the Mortal Realms.
After skaven agents contaminate the
Great Black Pyramid the spell goes
awry, but st i l l releases massive waves
of necromantic and other eldritch
energies across the cosmos, waking
the dead, sending vast swarms of
vengeful spirits to a l l realms, and
boosting the power of magic.

WAR IN THE UNDERWORLDS

Seeking to stem the rising undead
tide that threatens to overtake the
Mortal Realms, Blood Legions
and Bloodbound tribes flow into
the Realm of Death in ever larger
numbers. The greatest of Khorne’s
military successes come from the
Hallost Campaign,
led by the Blood
Legion known as the Reapers of
Vengeance and the Warhordes
of the Skullfiend Tribe, while the
continuing conquest of territory
around the Chaos-held city of
Gothizzar is a boon to all the
Ruinous Powers. Other efforts, such
as the invasion of Ossia, end in defeat
for Khornate forces. In one of the last
conflicts of the War for Lyria, at the
Battle of Ghrun, the Bloodthirster
Khazkhan – commander of the
Helfire Legion – almost destroys
Lady Olynder, Nagash’s newest
Mortarch. Before he can land the
final blow, the Greater Daemon is
driven back by Arkhan the Black and
the Great Necromancer himself.

KHUL THE CONQUEROR

Knowing his fortunes have turned
against him and that he has lost the
favour of Khorne, Khul
is forced to
conquer several Bloodbound tribes
that attempt
to usurp the Goretide.
After claiming their sku l ls, Khul
leads the ransacking of the newly
risen city of Brighthall,
located
in the Reaver Wastes of Aridian
in Aqshy.

THE TRIALS OF KHUL

Khul’s victories upon Orb Infernia
are reversed as a result of his
enemies’ temporal magics, and
the old order of feuding Daemon
Princes is restored. In frustration,
Khul
leads his Goretide to hunt
elsewhere, vowing one day to return
and re-conquer those lands.

IRON SHARPENS IRON

Although Khorne is frustrated and
enraged by the ascension of so many
rivals, the Blood God always rises
to a challenge. Fuelled by boundless
hate and eager to re-establish his
total supremacy over the Mortal
Realms, Khorne exhorts his minions
to war with berserker fury…


PAGEBREAK
THE RANKS INFERNAL

20

THE RANKS INFERNAL

Of all the Chaos Gods, Khorne is by far the most martial, and shows the most rigour in the ordering of his armies.
Though they are savage, the Lord of Battle’s daemons adhere to a strict hierarchy in which the most powerful
beings dominate and lead their lessers to war.

The wind blows hot, brazen horns
blare, and the coppery smell of blood
fills the air. Reality itself screams
as a hole is torn in its fabric, blood
pouring from its ragged edges. Out
from this nightmarish portal march
the Blood Legions, red-skinned
horrors that bound towards the foe,
a murderous gleam in their merciless
eyes. They move in the shadows of
fell banners that ripple with red-hot
hate. Their sole purpose for existing
is to slaughter.

Khorne commands daemons more
numerous than the stars. Each
bears the marks of the Blood God –
strength, ferocity and seething rage
– yet their role and ranking in his
armies of gruesome conquest vary.
The general rule is that the mighty
rule over the multitudes, for this is
the way of Khorne.

Each daemon has a place in the
great hierarchy, which is structured
like a grim pyramid of skulls with
Khorne sitting at the pinnacle. His
direct leadership has seen the Blood
Legions carve out the largest of all
domains in the Realm of Chaos. This
was not done through magic, plague
or trickery, but rather through battle:
brutal, incessant, and unrelenting.

In the unforgiving press of melee,
Khorne’s
forces are unmatched by
the minions of any other god. It is
the strength and ferocity that each
of the Blood God’s daemons exhibits
that will determine their rank
within their pack, their cohort, and
ultimately their legion.

It is possible – through deeds of
carnage – for Khornate daemons to
be imbued with greater amounts of
power, rising above their station. As
each daemon is, in essence, a shard of
a god, their motivation to dominate
and rule over others is beyond mortal
understanding. Thus each daemon
strives to outfight and out-kill all
others. Similarly, daemons who draw

Khorne’s
ire are either stripped of
their rank, or,
if the infraction was
truly inglorious, their very beings
are ripped away,
their immortality
subsumed back from whence it came.

ORDERED FOR
SUPREMACY

Every daemon – from the greatest
being to the least – is ranked in
a militant structure, and each is
constantly striving to ascend. Highest
in Khorne’s hierarchy are the greater
daemons known as Bloodthirsters.
Clad in baroque armour and
wielding fearsome weaponry, each
of these mighty beings is a demigod
of war. There are eight ranks of
Bloodthirsters who command the
Blood Legions. This does not include
Bloodthirsters with unique roles
directly beneath Khorne; there are
said to be eighty-eight such beings,
each with their own unique task,
such as Wroth’kar,
the eight-horned
Guardian of the Eight Gates.

Of the Bloodthirsters, those known
as the Exalted form the first host.
These horrific daemons are beings
of unfathomable power, capable of
sundering armies single-handedly.
They are Khorne’s august generals,
and from the Brass Citadel they
prosecute his wars upon the realms.
After aeons of being inured to battle,

even the mightiest champions
are but playthings to the Exalted,
undeser ving of slaughter in single
combat. Only the greatest armies,
its ranks millions strong, are worthy
of having their blood spilled by the
Exalted’s own blades.

Beneath the Exalted are the
Bloodthirsters of the second host,
the Lords of Murder. Though
subordinate,
their stygian might
is only slightly less than that of
the Exalted. And so it goes, with
each rank a formidable power,
but also manifesting its own
unique battle prowess or method
of slaughter. The eighth host – the
Bloodthirsters of Unfettered Fur y –
are the most common of Khorne’s
Greater Daemons.

LEGION STRUCTURE

At fu l l strength, each Blood Legion
is formed of eight cohorts, and each
cohort is composed of eight packs
of daemons led by a Herald or even
a mighty Bloodthirster of the eighth
or higher rank . Once on campaign,
the number of daemons within each
cohort can decrease for a variety
of reasons – the most common, of
course, being casualties. A cohort’s
numbers can also swell, however,
perhaps due to the addition of
auxi liar ies , or if an influx of carnage
upon the battlefield draws in
additional daemons from the Realm
of Chaos. It is also not unheard of
amongst the minions of Khorne for
a cohort to subjugate the daemon
packs of another legion.

The bulk of most cohorts is made
up of Bloodletters. These barbaric
troops charge snarling into the
enemy lines, hacking through ranks
of foot soldiers with their enormous
blades. Leading these fiendish killers
are Bloodmasters, who occupy
the roles of captain and lieutenant
within the Blood Legions. They
slice their way through the thick of


PAGEBREAK
battle, always seeking out opposing
champions who have managed to
thus far withstand the onslaught.

Where the enemy believes
themselves secure behind wa l ls of
shields, stampedes of thunderous
Bloodcrushers smash through
defences like an avalanche of
metal. Frenzied Bloodletters riding
atop monstrous steeds eviscerate
the scattered remnants of once-
impenetrable formations, while
their hellforged mounts crush the
fallen beneath anvil-sized hooves.
While the other daemons advance
to the foe’s
fore, slavering Flesh
Hounds race around the flanks
to disembowel cowering wizards.
Blood Thrones hurtle forwards
to plough into and devour a l l
who stand before them. Those
unfortunate enough to be ingested
by a Sku l l Cannon’s maw are roasted
in the daemon machine’s belly
before their flaming sku l l
is fired
into the ranks of their a l lies .

DIABOLICAL PURPOSE

The incomparable frenzy of the
Blood Legions is not without
design, and their hatred not without
diabolical purpose. Khorne is not
just mindless wrath, for behind the
apoplectic rage there is a tactical
mien – although this acumen is
in keeping with his propensity for
aggression and bold offensives.

Feints and elaborate tricker y are
not the way of the Blood God. The
Blood Legions attack with brutish
might, and none can equal their lust
for violence. Khorne’s offspring are
blessed with unholy strength so that
each of their blows car ves through
armour and cleaves bone. Their
preternatural gifts of speed and
precision allow their jagged blades
to thrust through parries and rend
the flesh of their enemies.

Those most favoured leaders – the
dreaded Bloodthirsters and Heralds
– are also endowed with a portion
of the Blood God’s infinite mi litar y
understanding. With but a fraction
of his battle acumen, Khorne’s
generals are able to car ve through
armies and topple cities, ordering
their savage forces to shred massed
infantr y and leave the enemy
champions to be engaged in glorious
single combat.

A Blood Legion charging its enemy
has the appearance of a tumultuous
stampede of rage-blind beasts.
This apparent
tempest is actua l ly a
regimented mi litar y body, however,
sharpened like an executioner’s
axe for the sole purpose of waging
war. As a daemon forge’s hellfires
are stoked to infernal perfection
for the crafting of blades, so too is
the fu l l fur y of Khorne’s daemons
ignited moments before they cleave
into an opposing army. The order

and direction of their assaults
– no matter how savage – are as
considered and well chosen as any
orchestrated by the most tactica l ly
brilliant commanders in the
Mortal Realms.

21

‘It was on the eighth day of

the siege

that

the foe brought a new weapon

to bear. A flaming meteor descended

to burst before the city’s gate. Out

of

those flames rose a daemon of

monstrous proportions,

taller

than

mountains. An Exalted Bloodthirster

had been sent. Our scrying spell was

broken and we could witness the event

no longer, but we know the capital

fell

and was razed within the hour.

‘

- Excerpt

from The Fall of Civilisation

preserved in Azyrhe im

KHORNE’S SACRED NUMBER

There is no mortal record of why the number eight is
sacred to Khorne, for this number has been bound to
him and he to it since even before his rage first washed
over the realms. Some say that eight is his number
because eight mighty gods were slain by Khorne in the
moment of his birth, and their skulls are the foundation
for his skull throne. Others have postulated that eight
great ages of war and slaughter will pass before Khorne’s
bloodthirst is finally slaked. Whatever the reason, the
figure and its multiples are strongly reflected in the
organisation of Khorne’s daemon armies, from the
number of Bloodthirster ranks to the number of cohorts
in a full strength legion, and in the largest of wars
prosecuted by Khorne’s minions, it is the eighth assault
wave that is the most powerful of all. It is a number that
also appears throughout the Blood God’s domain: there
are eight main gates to access the Brass Citadel, and
eight towers guard its outermost wall; a slain daemon

must survive eight battles within the flames of Helbrass
before Khorne will once again give them physical shape.

It is not only Khorne’s daemonic armies that make use
of the sacred number eight, for the hordes of his mortal
followers also revere it as the blessed value of the Blood
God. As well as being reflected in the organisation of
the Bloodbound Warhordes,
the number is central to
many of their blood-soaked tribal rituals. For instance,
on the Corroded Escarpment in Chamon, idolaters of
Khorne sacrifice eight noble warriors in the crafting of
each of their brass-graven statues, casting their hearts
within the molten metal and burnishing the facets with
their blood. In Ghyran, aspirant tribespeople of the
Fleshcarvers Warband are initiated into the ranks of
Bloodreavers only after they have sawn off two of their
own fingers and two of their own toes to display the
sacred number eight proudly on their body.


PAGEBREAK
The Blood Legions

22

THE BLOOD LEGIONS

Though Khorne’s rage burns hot, he is also lord of all things martial, and he orders his ranks with brutal
efficiency. Each of his cohorts has a unique role to fulfil, as do the legions they form. All of these formations w i l l
eagerly join any kind of battle, but each has its own advantages.

The composition of cohorts and the
Blood Legions they form depends
upon their purpose. Of course, all
daemons of Khorne are slaughter
and rage made manifest, so they all
excel at war, but there are specific
formations that are geared towards a
certain role.

The Charnel Host, for instance –
one of the most commonly seen
of Khorne’s
formations – is made
up of eight packs of Bloodletters
and a Bloodmaster, and is led by a
Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fury.
Driven on by the Greater Daemon,
the Bloodletters and Bloodmaster’s
hellforged blades carve into the foe.
The Red Tide Legions are primarily
composed of Charnel Host Cohorts;
they are crimson oceans of savaging
blades that often serves as the
vanguard of Khornate invasions,
overrunning the enemy with waves
of zealous infantry.

Other cohorts excel at different
functions. With its mix of infantr y
and cavalr y, a Murderhost Cohort
is made to break the enemy’s
formations. Whi le the Bloodletters
engage the foe, the Bloodcrushers
and Flesh Hounds move to the
flanks or burst through gaps in the
line. Flesh Hound-heavy Ravager
Cohorts are used to run down
cowards who flee the battle, while
the focus of the Sku l lseeker Cohorts
is on hunting down and gathering
the mightiest of tributes for Khorne.

A Blood Hunt Cohort is made up
of a Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster
leading Flesh Hounds and
sometimes Bloodcrushers. They
are often separated from the main
body of the legion, sent to chase
down quarry.

Gorethunder Cohorts are formations
of Skull Cannons led by a Herald
on a Blood Throne. They can be
attached to any legion to provide
firepower ; within the Helthunder
Legions, for example, they provide
close support for seven hulking
brass engines of unique design and
enormous size. Rarely seen in the
Mortal Realms, the devastation
wrought by their ordnance has made
them the stuff of legend.

The Blood Host Cohort centres
around a Bloodthirster, and can
contain multiple of these Greater
Daemons. Even amongst the Blood
Legions they are known for their
aggressive charges, mak ing such
a cohort an ideal hammerblow to
the enemy, a formation that can
smash a hardened target and begin
a slaughter.

Bloodthunder Stampede Cohorts
are composed of Bloodcrushers,
and they often form up with one
or more Gorethunder Cohorts
to form a Helstamp Legion. This
is a fast-moving army made to
punch through an enemy force and
rampage beyond their lines. During
the Age of Chaos it was common for
the Red Tide Legions to sweep in
first, pinning a foe in place while the
Helstamp Legions arrived to crack
the enemy centre and begin the rout.

Regardless of type, each of
Khorne’s cohorts and legions bears
a unique name. These are won by
bloody deeds or earned through
the infamy of their leader. The
Goreblade Legion, for example,
is
so named for leading the greatest
slaughter of human tribes in Aqshy,
while the Charnel Host led by

Zhu l’khar, a Herald who earned a
wreath of flames above his horns
after slaying a Greater Daemon of
Slaanesh,
is widely known as Zhul’s
Firehorn Cohort.

VISAGES OF TERROR

A l l of Khorne’s daemons have red
skin and sca les, though there can
be any number of variant hues or
markings along with a range of
claw, horn, and hoof colours as well.
Daemons of any given cohort tend
to share the same colouring, as they
have been wi l led into existence to
serve the same purpose in Khorne’s
murderous designs.

Some daemons, such as those of
the Brass Onslaught Cohort, are
a vivid, bright shade of red, the
colour of fresh ar ter ia l blood or
molten iron. Others, such as those
of the Jagged Tide, are a much
deeper hue,
like that of muscle
tissue or thick ly caked gore. Cer tain
daemons bear the same colouring
across their entire form, whereas
others,
like the Severers Cohort,
display discolouration on par ts of
their bodies. These distinctions
have led to many different cohorts
being identified by mortals;
their infamous acts of savager y
are remembered in horror, and
whispered of in hushed tones.

Cohorts tend to a l l bear simi lar
blades and armour. The Jagged Tide
is a cohort notable for wielding
blood-red weapons, whereas the
armour worn by the Ba lefu l Lords
Legion is as black as night.


PAGEBREAK
The Reapers have fought in many of the major conflicts
in the Mortal Realms, from the Battle of Burning Skies
to the Hallost Campaign. Its strength is often divided,
its varied cohorts fighting in multiple realms, but when
Khorne or the Reapers have a truly personal vendetta,
the legion is united in force. The tales of Ka’Kharnn’s
epic acts of vengeance have become legend, with entire
nations not only destroyed, but eradicated from history
through the slaughter of all who remember them.

23

In this manner they have slain the Colossi of the
Ghurlands, offered the Blood God the immense skull
of the godbeast Fangthar, and fashioned a mountain of
skulls using only the heads of orruk warlords.

Each of the cohorts in the legion is branded with a symbol
unique to their cohort – a blazing mark that shines until
their formation’s place is taken by some other, more
worthy group. Until then, the daemons of the Bloodlords
seek to maintain their and their legion’s position by
making increasingly impressive tributes to Khorne.

REAPERS OF VENGEANCE

The Reapers of Vengeance are perhaps the most
notorious of all the Blood Legions known by mortals.
Led by the Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster Ka’Kharnn,
they first rose in the hierarchy of the Blood God during
the incessant wars in the Realm of Chaos that marked
Khorne’s
largest expansion of the Skull Lands. Although
the fu l l tale is unknown to mortals, it has been learned
that Ka’Kharnn and his Blood Hunt Cohort wreaked a
terrible vengeance upon the Exalted Keeper of Secrets
that had bested several of the Blood God’s favoured. For
that deed, the Bloodthirster was raised in rank to the
third host and given an entire legion to command, the
Bloodcrushers of his cohort becoming his honour guard.

Since that time, the formation has become known as the
Reapers of Vengeance,
for they are the scythe with which
Khorne harvests those who have incurred his wrath.
Khorne cares little if his own armies are eradicated so
long as their blood is poured out with their defeat. But
when an enemy force uses trickery or hated magic to win
a major battle, turning soldiers to stone or banishing
daemons back to their twisted realm, Khorne does not
forget it. Upon his command the Reapers of Vengeance
descend to claim the bloodshed that has been denied the
Blood God.

THE BLOODLORDS

The Bloodlords Legion first came to infamy for their long
hunt across the Realm of Ghur. Following their slaughter
of the twelve orruk tribes that participated in Waaagh!
Ironfang at the height of the Age of Chaos, the Bloodlords
remained in the Realm of Beasts for many centuries.
There, in-between razing Sylvaneth enclaves and human
cities, they hunted the mighty beasts that had stalked
those lands since the dawn of the Age of Myth.

The enormous skulls of the largest of those legendary
creatures are prized by Khorne beyond nearly all other
spoils of slaughter. The many Bloodmasters of the legion
engage in savage competition, urging their cohorts
to greater acts of butchery that they may provide the
worthiest offering to the Lord of Battle. Such is the scale of
the carnage caused by this legion that at times Skulltaker,
Khorne’s most dread collector of heads, will join the
Bloodlords’ hunt.

The legion is composed of a variety of different cohorts
that have all earned the favour of Khorne. Those cohorts
regularly change, with those that win the most favour
joining the Bloodlords until their place is usurped.

Because of their ranking, the Bloodlords have earned the
right to direct their own blood crusades. This means that
they can choose to attack high-profile targets that are sure
to draw the eye of Khorne, thus keeping them in favour.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
25

Bloodthirsters

BLOODTHIRSTERS

The greatest of Khorne’s daemons are the dreaded Bloodthirsters, fiery incarnations of rage and slaughter. They
are a force of utter carnage on the battlefield, car v ing into enemies with unbridled fury. It is the Bloodthirsters
who lead the legions, and they seek to destroy all they survey, offering mountains of skulls to Khorne.

Bloodthirsters are the mightiest
warriors of Khorne’s daemon
legions. They are his generals and
personal guard, each one a primal
manifestation of war that exists only
to maim, slaughter and destroy. To
see one enter battle is to witness
sheer unfettered ruination.

A single Bloodthirster can devastate
entire enemy formations, hewing
scores of warriors apart with every
swing of its brutal weapons. Those
rare few mortals who witness such
an assault and somehow live to tell
the tale speak in fearful tones of a
towering, bestial monster enveloped
in rune-scarred brass armour,
dropping from the skies on bat-like
wings into the very heart of the
melee. There, in the midst of the
fu l l maelstrom of war, the daemon
explodes into a flurry of violence,
enacting an orgy of merciless and
unrelenting slaughter.

Of all the Chaos powers, Khorne
is the most militant. This trait
ensures his Blood Legions are
organised, often regimented with
strict hierarchical order into formal
cohorts. It is difficult for mortal
minds to comprehend all the brutal
machinations behind such ordering,
but it is known that there are eight
tiers of Bloodthirster in Khorne’s
legions, each with its own title and
duty, and each gifted its own unique
weapons and symbols of rank.

UNFETTERED FURY

The most numerous of the Lord of
Skull’s Greater Daemons are the
Bloodthirsters of Unfettered Fury.
Although they are the eighth and
lowest rank, their might is still
beyond mortal reckoning. They
stride to battle bearing a massive Axe
of Khorne in one hand – a weapon
that can cleave a Magmadroth in two
with a single swing. In their other
hand, each wields a vicious lash of
Khorne. Immense flame-wreathed
whips cruelly studded with brass

spikes, these weapons slice through
the air as easily as through flesh.
When not flaying the foe, the whip
is cracked to drive on Bloodletters,
Flesh Hounds or the mortal
followers of Khorne to greater
heights of fury.

INSENSATE RAGE

The Bloodthirsters of Insensate
Rage are of the sixth host, and are
charged with the task of shattering
seemingly unbreakable foes. Fuelled
by the burning intensity of their
fury, these daemons are able to heft
immense double-handed axes as
tall as a fortress gate; a single swipe
from such a weapon can obliterate
an entire battle line in an eruption
of gore. Bloodthirsters of Insensate
Rage are the most mindlessly savage
of their kind, so enraged that their
battle-lust exudes from them in
waves that drive nearby daemons of
Khorne into a ki l ling frenzy.

KHORNE’S WRATH

The Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirsters
comprise the third tier. They are the
Blood God’s agents of vengeance,
sent to tear apart those who have
personally insulted him. They are
also charged by Khorne with a
sacred duty – humbling the greatest
champions of the foe and butchering
them in the name of the Lord of
Battle. Relentless hunters, they snare
their quarr y with cruelly barbed
bloodflails, breathing jets of hellfire
upon them before hacking them
apart with double-bladed axes.

Regardless of their rank, to face
a Bloodthirster is to face utter
obliteration in the most violent
fashion possible. These colossal,
sulphur-wreathed fiends care
only for the test of strength and
endurance that is the crash of battle.
Amidst constant warring they seek
to honour Khorne with never-ending
offerings of skulls and blood.

SKARBRAND THE EXILED

Skarbrand was once the most favoured of all Khorne’s Bloodthirsters.
It was he that tore down the doors of Slaanesh’s depraved palace and
drowned it in tides of blood. It was he that slew two fellow Bloodthirsters
in single combat, and bound their wrathfu l souls into his axes, Carnage
and Slaughter. None could stand before the terrifying power of the
Blood God’s trusted servant, his right hand of ruin. Yet
the prideful rage
that dwelt within Skarbrand’s breast was fierce. It took but a whisper
from cunning Tzeentch to fan the fires of the Bloodthirster’s hubris and
set him against his master. One day, when Khorne’s back was turned,
Skarbrand struck. With a defiant roar, he leapt towards the Blood God,
putting every ounce of his strength into a blow that would have cleaved
a mountain in two. However, all that mighty strike achieved was the
merest chink in Khorne’s brass armour.

In his wrath the Blood God seized the traitorous Skarbrand and choked
all reason and thought from him, leaving only blazing rage. He then
hurled the daemon across creation, exiling him from the Realm of
Chaos. Since that day, Skarbrand has slaughtered his way across the
mortal lands, trapped in a state of pure,
incandescent fury. In the
long years since his exile, Skarbrand has filled oceans with blood and
destroyed armies untold. The exiled Greater Daemon has no grand
plan, and no motivation beyond the all-consuming urge to fight. The
more wounds Skarbrand sustains, the angrier he becomes, his power
increasing alongside his blazing wrath.


PAGEBREAK
Heralds of Khorne

26

HERALDS OF KHORNE

Even amongst the brutal Bloodletters of Khorne’s legions, there are those who excel in the art of slaughter beyond
their peers. These frenzied and unstoppable killers have earned special favour in the eyes of the Blood God
through deeds of unimaginable carnage. Known as his Heralds, death follows wherever these champions go.

The Heralds of Khorne are the
strongest and most dominating of
the Bloodletters, chosen out of the
ranks by the Lord of Battle himself.
Those who have excelled in the
brutal acts that Khorne favours
most – war, rage and bloodshed – are
given the opportunity to advance
themselves. There are but rumours of
the blood-soaked trials that follow,
but those who survive are anointed
as Heralds. Their hellblades absorb
a greater measure of power, and
they are granted titles that befit
their achievements and preferred
method of warfare. Whether a
Bloodmaster, Skullmaster, Brassfiend,
Sacred Executioner, Rendmaster, or
any other type of Herald, each is a
ferocious warrior who seeks to fulfil
his duty to Khorne and enact the will
of his ruling Bloodthirster.

BLOODMASTERS

Only those daemons who have
accomplished particularly notable
acts of brutality are worthy of the title
Bloodmaster. Driven by an insatiable
need for slaughter,
these daemonic
champions hack and tear at their foes
with a single-minded fury,
leaving
nothing but bloody chunks in their
wake. Truly a Bloodmaster is worthy
to bear a blade of blood.

The Bloodmaster is not the leader
of a pack of Bloodletters save by
example. They have no more battle
acumen or grasp of tactics than do
their daemonic comrades but they
do have an additional portion of
Khorne’s
rage. As the Bloodmaster’s
wrath builds, the emanations of its
battle-lust fuels nearby Bloodletters,
lending a portion of the champion’s
unfettered fury to their own attacks.
Soon, all that is left of the foe is a pile
of ruined corpses, another bountiful
offering of skulls for the honour of
the Lord of Battle.

There are many Bloodmasters whose
infamy has made them known across
the realms. The name of Ul’zhark

causes many in Aqshy to shudder, for
that was where he earned the title of
Red Butcher as part of the Destroyer
Legion beneath the dreaded
Bloodthirster Kul’rhex. Lazhkhul
Gorehorns earned his notoriety
during the Red Century, a time when
Khorne – fuelled by oceans of blood
spilt in his name – gained ascendency
over his brothers. Krazkoth fought in
the Brass Legions for long eras and
was destined for still-greater status,
but Khorne accepts failure from no-
one; following the pandemic of the
Dripeye Plague, the forces of Nurgle
pushed past the Brass Legions and
into the Skull Lands of Khorne. Thus
did Krazkoth lose his favoured status,
and was forced to lead the a cohort
beneath the Bloodthirster Skarbrand.
This, perhaps predictably, ended with
the Herald being slaughtered by that
most rageful of Greater Daemons,
never to be remade anew – for
Khorne tires quickly of those who
cannot claim victory.

SKULLMASTERS

There are those amongst the Heralds
of Khorne who favour the headlong
charge of daemonic cavalry, who
relish the sensation of skulls
shattering beneath brazen hooves,
and will thunder into the thick
of battle to seek out the worthiest

victims. These mounted
champions are known as
Skullmasters, and each rides
to war upon an armoured
Juggernaut of Khorne.

The pairing of Herald and
Juggernaut results in a force
of breathtaking destruction.
Few can withstand the furious
bladework and hulking mount
of a Skullmaster. Those not
split open by the rider’s blade
of blood and drained of their
essence are ground to bloody
paste beneath the Juggernaut’s
smouldering hooves, or spitted
upon its razor-sharp horns.

Some of the most feared of all
Skullmasters lead Bloodthunder
Stampedes – large formations of
daemonic cavalry that shake the
ground with their charge. With
an impact like a brass avalanche,
they can sweep the battlefield in a
carnage-filled advance that leaves
behind nothing but pock-marked
earth, each crater filling with the
blood draining out of the pulverised
remains of the foe.

SKULLTAKER

There is but one Herald of Khorne
who bears the title of Skulltaker,
for

I t was said in the old province of Paxxus that so long as the king
bore the blade known as Iuris his line of rule would never end. The
kingdom grew unchecked,
for all knew that whomever w ielded
Iuris could not be bested in battle. So it was for many generations,
until the arrival of Skulltaker. The daemon took up position beneath
the king’s gates, where only a handful of warriors could approach him
at a time. All the guards who dared come near were slain. In a voice of
iron, Skulltaker proclaimed that he would not leave until the king came
down for a duel. The king was no coward, and called for his sword. To
the sound of trumpets he met the foul Herald of Khorne beneath the
archway, and for an hour the battle went back and for th, each blade
parry ing the other. Skulltaker eventually took his foe’s measure, and
unleashed a hellish flurry of blows. The first strike of the Slayer Sword
shattered Iuris, and before long the king dropped to his knees and his
head was taken. Paxxus fell not long after, and has never been rebuilt.


PAGEBREAK
he is Khorne’s eternal champion. For
endless millennia he has collected
trophies beyond counting in honour
of his dark master. Skulltaker seeks
out only the greatest champions,
marching up to the gates of their
fortress holds or tribal camps and
demanding that his quarry come out
and face him in single combat. Those
who accept are offered a brief salute
of Skulltaker’s upturned blade before
the daemon rushes forwards to meet
them, as swift as a headsman’s axe.

Aeons of single combat have forged
Skulltaker into a peerless duellist.
At his blade have fallen some of
the most renowned warriors in the
realms. Warboss Grukka Groteye of
the Scraplokk Ironjawz fell after a day
and a half of battle at the Breaking of

27

Fangmaw Pass. Skulltaker not only
slew the Runefather Azhar-Grimnir,
but ended the duardin’s entire
bloodline by slaying all six of his
Runesons in quick succession.

Though Skulltaker’s predatory
instincts allow him to immediately
identify his enemy’s fatal
weaknesses, he does not look to slay
his opponent outright. Instead, he
strikes at limbs and eyes, hoping to
blind or cripple. Once his foe lies
helpless before him, the daemon
strides forwards and wraps his claws
around their head. Eldritch fires
flare and swirl around Skulltaker’s
talons, searing away the flesh and
muscle of his victim’s
skull until
all that is visible is bleached bone.
With smooth, practised ease,
Skulltaker gives a sharp twist of his
arm, snapping the freshly stripped
skull free from the spine. After
taking a brief moment to admire
his latest prize, the daemon sets
off in search of his next victim.
When he returns to Khorne’s
realm,
Skulltaker presents these trophies
to his master. Most wi l l be impaled
on spikes around the Brass Citadel,
but the skulls of those opponents
who provided particularly good
sport are left to Skulltaker to keep,
and he hooks them onto his cloak as
prized mementos.

None but Khorne know where
Skulltaker wi l l turn up next. He is
drawn by tales of martial prowess,
hoping they lead to warriors who
can offer up a true challenge –
and thus, a worthy skull. History
is littered with accounts of his
sudden and sinister appearance
before the gates of a Stormkeep, at
a Fyreslayer magmahold, or in the
midst of a raucous ogor feast. Each
time he demanded that a worthy
warrior rise to meet him. Of those
many accounts, only three speak
to anything other than victory for
Skulltaker. One of those – or so it is
said – is from the world-that-was,
when Khorne’s champion battled
Sigmar for three days without
pause. It took many centuries for
Skulltaker to recover from his
wounds, and the vengeful daemon
still takes great pleasure in repaying
the debt to Sigmar’s warriors at
every opportunity.

On occasion, Skulltaker will walk
the battlefields upon which Khorne’s
armies are doing battle. The exact
reason for the Herald’s presence is
usually unknown; perhaps his hunt
for worthy competitors has led him
there by chance, or maybe victory in
that arena is so important to his god
that the greatest of his champions has
been sent to secure it. Whatever the
reason, the most infamous of Heralds
simply appears, his blade rippling
with flames as he stalks amongst the
enemy, slashing contemptuously as he
seeks someone worthy of his blade.

‘To be on the receiving end of a

Juggernaut charge is to feel a mountain

drop upon you.’

- Vandus Hammerhand

BLADES OF BLOOD

To those Bloodletters who prove
themselves with extreme acts of
violence Khorne grants further
opportunities to earn his favour.
In the brutish trials and forced
combats that follow, the victor
not only leeches the energies
of those that they vanquish,
but they are also gifted an
extra sliver of the Blood God’s
boundless rage. This fell energy
empowers and transforms the
daemon’s hellblade, which still
drips with the blood of those it
had slain. Henceforth known as
a blade of blood, these profane
artefacts slaver for the taste
of viscera, and guide their
wielder’s swings unerringly
towards vulnerable spots in their
opponent’s defence. Each strike
not only penetrates armour
and flesh, but also the target’s
immortal soul.

Although their wielders have a
fondness for decapitating blows,
blades of blood need only to
deliver a mere scratch to draw
out a foe’s soul. Those few who
survive wounds from such
weapons are forever scarred
both physically and mentally.


PAGEBREAK
The Heart of the Blood Legions

28

THE HEART OF THE BLOOD LEGIONS

Filled with an unquenchable desire for bloodshed, the daemons of Khorne march forth in endless regiments,
forming the bulk of the Lord of Battle’s legions. The earth is scorched and churned beneath rank upon rank of
brimstone hooves, and the air rings to the clamour of coarse voices bellowing devotion to the Blood God.

BLOODLETTERS

Whether through explosions of fur y
or brutal design, shards of Khorne’s
wrathfu l essence congeal and are
given form. These fragments become
Bloodletters, the lithe and muscular
warriors of the Blood God’s hosts.
They are the most numerous of
Khorne’s daemons, and while a
single Bloodletter is deadly, a whole
pack is truly terrifying. Indeed, when
gathered in sufficient number the
Bloodletters’ fur y is fully aroused,
further increasing their martial skill.
Drawn to battle like scavengers to
carrion, they charge towards their
enemies with savage ferocity,
long
tongues flicking in anticipation of
the taste of blood.

Amongst a Bloodletter pack, the
daemon who has spilt the most blood
and wreaked the most carnage is
known as a Bloodreaper. Blessed
by Khorne with additional combat
prowess, the Bloodreaper’s status is
usually marked out by such signifiers
as larger horns or a longer hellblade,
although some of these champions
bear unusual colourations. While
Bloodletters follow the commands of
daemons more powerful than they,
in executing those orders it is the
Bloodreaper that must lead the pack
on the kill. The rank is temporary,

and can be won by any Bloodletter in
the formation should their martial
deeds surpass those of the incumbent.

The sight and sound of Bloodletters
marching against the enemies of
Khorne have caused many warriors
to flee before the battle has even
begun. Blasts from brazen horns
punctuate the soul-chilling chorus
of howls that accompanies the red
processions of doom. Upon grim
standards are displayed the names
of slain mortal champions,
inked in
the blood that pooled as these heroes
of their people lay dying, while other
hellish banners are draped with
entrails and gore from the countless
bodies that have been torn to shreds
by the Lord of Skulls’
legions. All
such banners bear the mark of
Khorne, a symbol feared throughout
the Mortal Realms. The pungent,
coppery waft of these bloodsoaked
banners is deeply unsettling, and the
loping Bloodletters seem to move
faster as the blood of each new enemy
champion is splashed across these
gruesome icons. Other Bloodletters
carry gore-drenched icons, banners
that flash in the midst of the carnage,
causing reality itself to blink. In that
crimson blaze, the icon summons in
fresh Bloodletters from the Realm of
Chaos to join the fray.

Although most frequently found in
the daemonic legions, Bloodletters
are regularly seen fighting on
battlefields alongside the mortal
followers of Khorne. The daemons
of the Blood God are drawn towards
sites where massive deeds of slaughter
are being committed. There, they
serve as manifestations of Khorne’s
favour,
immediately attacking in
their legendary ferocity. However,
when present amongst mortal forces,
Bloodletters also serve another
purpose: should any of the mortals
fall short of Khorne’s demands,
the Bloodletters will carve them to
bloody chunks with their hellblades
as quickly as they would dispatch
any other foe. Martial honour is
everything, and weakness, cowardly
acts, or signs of mercy or compassion
are not to be tolerated. Truly
Khorne cares not from whence the
blood flows…

‘Tis best

to die with blade in hand,

Facing towards

the foe,

The Lord of Skulls is watching,

And his crimson killers know.’

- Rhyme of the corrupted Hybor Tribe

HELLBLADES

Each Bloodletter carries a hellblade, a long, jagged
iron sword whose blackened blade burns with an
unquenchable lust for slaughter. Its edges are honed to
razor sharpness by Khorne’s eternal hatred so that it
can pierce armour, separate head from neck, or sever
an ogor’s thick arm without slowing its course. A
single scratch from a hellblade is often enough to fell
even the hardiest of foes. When wetted with blood,
such swords glow or smoulder, smoking and guttering
as they greedily absorb the life essence of mortals.

Legends surround how these horrific weapons are
forged; some say the hellblade is shaped from its
wielder’s essence, while certain myths claim that the
soul of another angr y daemon forms the core

of the sword. Whatever the truth, once grasped a
hellblade can never be discarded or torn from its
wielder’s hands.

Each life taken by a hellblade only serves to fuel
the fur y of the Bloodletter who wields it.
No matter how much the sword drinks,
however,
its thirst remains unquenchable,
for it is Khorne’s way to always demand
more blood.


PAGEBREAK
29

BLOODCRUSHERS

Bloodcrushers are Khorne’s
daemonic shock cavalry. They are
the unholy union of an especially
murderous Bloodletter and a
Juggernaut mount, a beast of
brazen brass and corded muscle.
Juggernauts are massively resilient
and incredibly strong, their charge
powerful enough to shatter boulders
or uproot the most ancient of
ironoaks. Together they plough
through enemy formations, the
Juggernaut goring its victims
upon its brutal blade-horn as
the rider swings his hellblade
in vicious arcs. The force of a
charging Bloodcrusher can collapse
the staunchest of battle lines,
leaving behind a carpet of gore as
decapitated bodies are trampled
into the mud.

A Bloodletter may become a
Bloodcrusher only when his
excessive acts of violence have
gained him enough favour in
the eyes of the Blood God. If the
daemon is deemed worthy of the
blessings of Khorne, he is taken
deep within the Brass Citadel to
the great stockade, an enclosed
steppe so large that its cracked earth
dips beyond the horizon. In this
enormous chamber,
the floor quakes
constantly under the thundering
hooves of thousands of Juggernaut
herds. The giant beasts stampede
across the plain and ram furiously
into each other. Sparks fly as their
riveted metal hides clash and plumes
of ashen smoke billow from their
snouts. The Khornate runes carved
into their brass and iron hides glow
with the heat of a furnace as molten
metal blood courses through their
daemonic bodies.

Juggernauts are aggressive monsters
that only respond to strength. Before
one of their number wi l l serve
a daemon rider, the Bloodletter
must outwit or outfight their
future mount. Many aspirants grab
the brass collars of Juggernauts
or leap onto their back from the
stockade’s
iron-spiked palisade,
attempting to wrestle control of
the metal behemoths. The majority
of Bloodletters are flung, gored or
stomped into the ground before the
Juggernaut devours what remains

of their essence. However,
those
who manage to survive through
the thrashing and bucking emerge
from the Brass Citadel with a truly
formidable steed.

In truth, a Juggernaut can never
be completely broken. Trying to
tame one is like tr ying to harness
an avalanche or funnel an erupting
volcano. When Bloodcrushers go to
battle,
it is the war-mount, not the
rider, who decides where they wi l l
attack. When the Juggernaut sights
an enemy,
its blood begins to boil
and it bursts into a flat-out charge.
The Bloodletter merely stands on
his steed as he is borne through the
combat, hacking from on high with
homicidal fervour.

FAMED FORMATIONS

While all Khorne’s daemons are
deadly, there are some whose
infamous deeds have garnered
them notoriety that extends
across the realms, mortal and
immortal alike. The Daemonettes
of Slaanesh shudder to recall the
Fellblades, a black-bladed pack
of Bloodletters, while Kul’rhex’s
Destroyer Legion toppled
human empires beyond counting
during the Age of Chaos. None
have yet stopped the charge of
the Brass-skull Bloodcrushers,
while the Helfire Legion has
built mountain ranges of skulls
before Khorne.


PAGEBREAK
Daemon Engines

30

DAEMON ENGINES

Products of the nightmarish industry that arms and armours the legions of Khorne, these horrific daemonic
engines are powered by a hateful sentience. Bound to a chassis of warped flesh and rune-scarred metal, these
slavering horrors can be sated only by bloodshed and slaughter.

SKULL CANNONS

Birthed from the monstrous soul-
forges that fuel Khorne’s endless
wars, Skull Cannons are nightmares
given form. These sentient
abominations desire nothing more
than to feel the crunch of flesh and
bone underneath their spiked wheels,
and give praise to the Blood God
with every foe torn to shreds within
their grinding maw. The only parts
of their victims that are kept intact
are the skulls, which are fed into
the great cannon mounted atop the
machine. There they are infused with
a fragment of Khorne’s ever-burning
wrath, coated in a pitch of boiling
blood and fired with an ear-splitting
roar towards the enemy ranks.

Piercing laughter peals from
chattering jaws before the missiles
slam home, erupting in a thunderous
fireball that sends broken, charred
bodies spinning through the air.
The horror of seeing friends and
allies shredded and their remains
put to such horrific purpose has
broken the will of many a mortal
warrior. If the initial barrage does
not scatter the foe, the sight of the
Skull Cannons racing towards
them over a sea of ruined corpses,
a cloud of gore erupting behind
them, surely will. Two Bloodletters
ride this nightmarish creation into
battle, shovelling fresh skulls into
the cannon’s maw and directing its
spiteful rage as best they can. These
daemons are the same pair that
oversaw the Skull Cannon’s creation
in the furnaces beneath the Brass
Citadel, and they take a creator’s
pride in its every atrocity, prompting
it onwards to claim more souls in the
name of the Blood God. In truth, the
Skull Cannons require little urging:
they are as wrathful and murderous
as any Khornate champion, and
exult in the ruination and horror left
behind in their wake.

A single Skull Cannon is a
formidable foe, but an entire
Gorethunder Cohort of the

hellforged fiends can strike fear into
even the most stalwart of enemies.
At the siege of Vexxlor it was massed
Skull Cannons that battered down
the gates,
leading to the grim
slaughter that followed. Even during
the city’s sacking the Skull Cannons
continued to play their part, stalking
victims down the long streets.

BLOOD THRONES

The Blood Thrones of Khorne are
brass-clad daemon engines fashioned
in the image of the very dais upon
which Khorne himself is enthroned.
Belching sulphurous smoke they
roar across the battlefield, crushing
all in their path beneath spiked
wheels, grinding bones to dust and
wetting the earth with a torrent of
gore. Those who avoid being ground
down by the profane contraptions
can still find themselves spitted
upon the hellblades of its Bloodletter
charioteers, or hacked down by the
Herald known as a Rendmaster who
rides upon the throne itself.

Few can comprehend the countless
acts of slaughter and atrocity that a
Rendmaster must commit to earn
its place upon a Blood Throne, for
such infernal gifts are not given
lightly. These daemon engines are
tokens of Khorne’s
favour. Legend
tells that each of the Blood Thrones
is forged from a sliver of brass taken

from the Blood God’s own hallowed
throne, infused with a fraction of
his own ever-simmering rage. The
daemonic vessels bound to each
engine are amongst the most prideful
and vicious of all those in Khorne’s
service. It takes a Herald of Khorne
to keep their murderous rage upon
the leash.

As the Blood Throne races towards
the enemy line, its Rendmaster
stands tall, blade of blood in hand.
With baleful eyes he scans the
battlefield for worthy foes whose
skulls will make the most prestigious
tribute to Khorne. His quarry chosen,
the Herald urges his Blood Throne
forwards, roaring in anticipation.
Blood Thrones often charge straight
into battle, tearing gaping holes
in the enemy line and carving a
bloody path through the panicking
formation. Great gouts of crimson
gore erupt into the air, and the
awful sounds of splintering bone
and tearing flesh can be heard as the
daemon engine crushes all before it.
Creatures that fall beneath the Blood
Throne’s
smoke-wreathed bulk are
churned up within its hungry maw.
They are turned to bloody gruel and
consumed, healing whatever wounds
the fell machine may have suffered.
Yet whilst all blood is considered
equal in the eyes of the Blood God,
the skulls of the fallen are not.
Those plundered from cowards are
fed into the baleful workings of the
daemon engine, but those of the
valiant slain are claimed instead by
the Rendmaster. He strips flesh from
bone and mounts them on the throne
itself, where they will forever remain
as a grim testament to the folly of
opposing Khorne.

‘And then with tongues of flame

The cannon spoke,

Its crashing roar

the gates did smote.’

- Last Lay of Vexxlor


PAGEBREAK
31

Hounds of Wrath

HOUNDS OF WRATH

To hear the baying of the Blood God’s hounds is to hear one’s own doom. Once these blood-hunters have scented
their prey, there is no chance of escape. These daemonic animals are tireless, and w i l l never cease the hunt until
they taste their quarry ’s flesh.

FLESH HOUNDS

Flesh Hounds are Khorne’s blood
hunters, sent to track down those
who have drawn his wrath. Roused
by a single blast of the great brass
horn, the Flesh Hounds are awoken
from slumber and loosed upon the
hunt. Their scaled, muscular bodies
are as much reptilian as they are
canine, and with sabre-like claws
they can easily tear muscle and rip
organs. Once they have feasted, they
return to the cavernous lairs within
the Brass Citadel where they gnaw on
the joints of their prey.

Many Flesh Hound packs contain
creatures larger and more vicious
than others of their kind. These Gore
Hound champions howl with such
rage that it causes their prey to burst
into flames, a scent which drives the
rest of the pack to greater fury.

In battle, red froth drips from
the Flesh Hounds’ snarling maws

as they charge the foe. They are
afforded anti-magic protection
from their Collars of Khorne, and
they especially favour ripping
apart wizards. When the battle
is over, Flesh Hounds hunt down
any who have fled the carnage,
ensuring none escape the fate that
Khorne demands.

KARANAK

The three-headed daemon Karanak
is the alpha of all Flesh Hounds and
Khorne’s personal hunter,
for he is
the manifestation of the Blood God’s
vengeance. When not out prowling,
Karanak lies at the foot of Khorne’s
skull mountain, gnawing on bones
not worthy enough to be added to
his master’s throne. Karanak is sent
to hunt those who have caused the
Blood God’s infinite wrath to erupt.
Mighty warriors who have proved to
be snivelling cowards, great blade-
masters who have become sullied

with magic, and Khorne’s own
champions who have failed him in
battle – all are prey to Karanak.

When one of Karanak’s
three snouts
locks on to a scent, the fate of the
hunted is already sealed. The first
head tracks its quarr y across space,
picking out the specific blood-scent
of the target, no matter which realm
they are in and no matter how far
they run. The second head is able
to perceive through time, seeing
those who tr y to hide from Khorne’s
wrath in the recesses of history as
well as those who wi l l incite his rage
in the future. The third head is the
most dangerous, for it tracks the
movements of prey from within their
own mind, through dreamscapes
and delusion – and only the insane
can escape their own thoughts.
Karanak ki l ls his victim with
lightning speed before dragging the
carcass to the Brass Citadel, where it
is laid at his master’s feet.


PAGEBREAK
WARHORDES OF KHORNE

32

WARHORDES OF KHORNE

Like the Blood Legions, the Bloodbound followers of Khorne conform to a brutal yet militant organisational
structure that is based around the most powerful of their savage kind rising to command. These armies are fierce,
unrelenting and eager for slaughter, and the realms tremble before their onslaught.

It is Khorne’s demand that the blood
flow in endless torrents, and his
mortal hordes are only too eager to
obey his holy word. In their wake,
the mightiest civilisations have been
left in ruins, with the skulls of the
dead stacked high in tribute. When
Khorne’s Warhordes wage war they
do so not for wealth, honour or
even survival – they kill only for the
gruesome glory of their dark god.

Worshippers of Khorne are not
bound together by oaths of fealty.
They pledge themselves to no-
one save the Blood God himself.
Although they despoil the realms
in warbands and tribes, unified by
hatred and the desire for slaughter,
these savage fanatics will turn upon
each other when there are no other
victims whose skulls can be reaped.
As such, it is the responsibility of
the warlord to keep their horde
from ripping itself apart. This task
is best done by directing their rage
at suitable targets, for only ceaseless
carnage and marching against ever-
greater foes can keep the insatiable
bloodlust and drive for individual
glory of the Khornate hordes from
turning inwards.

It falls upon a Lord of Khorne to
command the fury of an entire
Bloodbound Warhorde. To take such
a position requires a living legend – a
warrior who has risen through the
ranks through indomitable power
and unrelenting slaughter,
felling
not just foes beyond number, but
also members of his own tribe who
would dare challenge his authority.
These warlords clad themselves
in hellforged plate, and under
their grim banners are gathered
hordes of Bloodreavers, packs of
hulking Skullreapers and droves of
thundering Skullcrushers. Where
other armies have camaraderie,
Khornate warriors show only open
hostility to one another, but they
fight together so long as each is given
a part to play in the slaughter. A

Lord of Khorne wields the savagery
and hatred of his followers like a
butcher’s cleaver, expertly carving
through an enemy army. Despite
their awe-inspiring powers, even the
most powerful lords rarely hold their
frenetic followers together for more
than a few campaigns.

Directly beneath the Lord of
Khorne are his Gorechosen – his
eight mightiest and most favoured
champions. Each member of the
Gorechosen is a famed killer in their
own right, with numerous campaigns
of genocide to their name. They are
the Lord of Khorne’s personal guard,
and they are also the most likely to
bury a serrated axe blade in the back
of his skull, so he keeps them close at
hand, where their seething ambitions
can be observed.

Below the Gorechosen are the
sprawling warbands of the
Bloodbound army. Each of these
hordes is marshalled under a
champion who, through increasing
acts of ferocity and carnage,
looks to
ascend to the rank of the Gorechosen.
Warbands take on many shapes,
but all share the unquenchable rage
and hunger for violence bestowed
on them by Khorne. They are
drawn to the exploits of the mighty
Gorechosen and Lord of Khorne, and
are all too eager to join in the carnage
that occurs whenever these renowned
warriors charge into battle.

A Warhorde is typically divided
into eight distinct groups. These are
often given their own moniker or
named after a notorious leader, such
as the Skullhunters or Khallzhak’s
Redblades. In smaller armies, these
eight formations might each be a
single pack, but in larger groups each
of the eight is a battle force in its
own right.

One of the most common groupings
is a Bloodmad Warband, a formation
led by an Aspiring Deathbringer. It

contains throngs of Bloodreavers
and Blood Warriors bolstered by
Skullreapers and a Bloodsecrator. So
great is the fury manifested in such
a gathering that, when they start
reaping their gory tributes, the veil
between realms begins to tear. As
the blood flows from the Bloodmad
Warband’s killing spree, the skies
turn crimson, and a deluge of blood
soaks the lands in gore.

Another common formation is the
Gore Pilgrims. These zealots are
composed of Blood Warriors and
Bloodreavers who congregate under
Bloodsecrators and Slaughterpriests,
and follow them in their bloody
worship. When Gore Pilgrims do
battle, Khorne’s
loathing of wizardry
becomes increasingly manifest
as the blood begins to flow and
the Slaughterpriests chant their
hateful mantras.

The Blood Warriors of the
Bloodforged are led by daemonically
warped Skullgrinders and
Wrathmongers, berserker brutes who
wield ruinous wrath-flails. Skulltake
Warbands are likewise appropriately
named, and are composed of
Skullreapers and packs of skull-eating
Khorgoraths led by a Bloodstoker,
while a Dark Feast Warband engages
in gruesome acts of cannibalism to
boost their own power.

When enough of the larger warbands
are pulled together beneath a
powerful Lord of Khorne, their
savagery is unstoppable. They
rampage across the Mortal Realms,
carving a red path of ruin through all
they cross.

‘We reject your peace offering. The

fighting shall only cease when we have

hunted down the last of your tribe,

when every one of your skulls has

been stacked in offering to Khorne.’


PAGEBREAK
Here is shown the organisation of a typical Bloodbound Warhorde. It is comprised of eight warbands, and is
led by a Lord of Khorne. The fearsome Gorechosen surround their lord, enforcing his rule and bringing low his
enemies while awaiting a chance to seize control for themselves.

GORE PILGRIMS

Protected by Blood Warriors and
aided by Slaughterpriests, the
Bloodsecrator of this warband
brings the energies of Khorne’s
domain to the battlefield.

GORE PILGRIMS

This Gore Pilgrims
Warband contains a trio of
Slaughterpriests, who together
summon the judgements of
Khorne to the Mortal Realms.

DARK FEAST

The Bloodreavers of the Dark
Feast are driven into battle by
the cruel whip of the warband’s
Bloodstoker, where their
rage is stoked to an inferno
by the exultations of the
warband’s Slaughterpriest.

BLOODMAD WARBAND

Holding their icon of Khorne
high as they bellow challenges
at the foe, the Bloodsecrator of
the Bloodmad Warband directs
groups of Blood Warriors,
Bloodreavers and Skullreapers
into the fray.

SLAUGHTERPRIEST

With hateful chants,
this priest of battle
and bloodshed leads
the Bloodbound to
slaughter enemy
wizards.

EXALTED
DEATHBRINGER

The second in command
to the Lord of Khorne,
the Exalted Deathbringer
is a fell lieutenant looking
to make his mark.

ASPIRING
DEATHBRINGER

A champion on the
rise, he must either
prove himself worthy of
advancing along the path
of skulls or die trying.

BLOODSTOKER

It is a wise Lord of
Khorne who positions
his Bloodstokers in
the midst of the fray to
incite the Bloodbound
masses.

BLOODSECRATOR

The Bloodsecrator
bears the icon of
Khorne, a vital link
back to the Blood
God’s Domain.

SKULLTAKE

Whipped onwards by a
Bloodstoker, the Khorgoraths
and Skullreapers of the Skulltake
harvest many worthy trophies
for Khorne.

LORD OF
KHORNE

SKULLGRINDER

The battle-smith
of the Bloodbound
is a formidable
combatant whose
rage emboldens all
who fight near him.

BLOODSTOKER

Those who feel
the fur y of the
Bloodstoker’s whip
charge forwards with
greater resolve.

SLAUGHTERPRIEST

The Blood God’s temple
is the battlefield, and
it is there that the
Slaughterpriest calls
upon the judgements
of Khorne.

BLOODFORGED

Led by a Skullgrinder,
a whirling warband of
Wrathmongers and Blood
Warriors drive straight through
the enemy’s centre.

RED HEADSMEN

Consisting of many Blood
Warriors, a Skullgrinder and
an Aspiring Deathbringer,
this warband’s butchery of the
foe’s greatest champions draws
the attention of Khorne to
the battlefield.

SLAUGHTERBORN

An Exalted Deathbringer
leads the Blood Warriors and
Skullreapers who make up the
Slaughterborn’s
ranks into the
heart of the battle, where the
battle-scarred veterans truly
live up to their name.


PAGEBREAK
The Chosen of Khorne

34

THE CHOSEN OF KHORNE

The Bloodbound are the scourge of civilisation, the very sight of an assembled Warhorde enough to send
paroxysms of terror rippling through an opposing army. Though they no longer dominate the Mortal Realms as
they did in the Age of Chaos, their armies still march across the land, spilling oceans of blood in Khorne’s name.

THE GORETIDE

The ground shudders at the onset
of the Goretide. This immense
Warhorde is less a mighty army than
it is an entire nation of murderous
butchers, all bent on the utter
annihilation of everyone in their
path. Founded late in the Age of
Myth, the Goretide have risen from
a feral tribe of the Aqshian plains
to the most feared of Bloodbound
Warhordes. For centuries they have
swept the lands, toppling castles and
sprawling cities alike, leaving ruins
or erecting baroque, spike encrusted
fortresses in their place. They have
murdered great armies, exterminated
thriving peoples and taken the heads
of kings, heroes and saints beyond
number. Though innumerable
champions swell the Goretide’s
ranks,
the Warhorde’s unstoppable impetus
is the work of a single man. It is
their leader, Korghos Khul, who has
forged the Goretide into such a large

and notorious Warhorde.
It is his
commands that drive them onwards,
condemning entire civilisations to
death beneath blood-stained axes.

Korghos Khul rose to prominence in
Aqshy, and through his violent acts
helped to usher in the Age of Chaos.
Khul’s barbaric followers became
known as the Goretide, for wherever
the cannibalistic warriors went,
carnage and slaughter soon followed.

Although any warrior may offer up
their soul to Khorne in exchange for
power, only the most extreme in their
dedication – and most successful
in their tributes – are chosen by
their deity in return. These are the
Bloodbound, and they have survived
the eight ritual Trials of Khorne
to become the most powerful,
belligerent and murderous of the
Lord of Battle’s devotees.

It is the ever the way of Chaos to turn
mortals against one another, and this
is Khorne’s way of weeding out the
weakest. So it is with Bloodbound
Warhordes. Tribes rise, gain power,
and those that do not pull themselves
apart sweep across the lands in red
swathes of violence, a curse upon
the Mortal Realms greater than
any other. Over the years, some
Bloodbound tribes die out – falling in
battle or being subsumed into larger
Warhordes, while new tribes form to
start the process anew. Some of the
greater tribes have existed for many
centuries, their offspring forced to
endure the Trials of Khorne or die.

Bloodbound Warhordes can var y
widely, but they all have two main
things in common: a powerful
commander who holds the varied
forces beneath him in check, and
a penchant for bloodletting on a
vast scale that keeps them high in
Khorne’s
favour. Some Warhordes
can be identified by their gruesome
garb or fighting style. The Murderfist
Tribe,
for example, are known for
tearing the hearts out of their foes.
Each warrior’s hands – whether
bare or protected by the black plate
armour typical of their people – are
bright red; it is often difficult to tell
that these are ritual tattoos, as the
warriors of the Murderfist tend to
be drenched in gore and viscera.
Indeed, the most infamous of the
Bloodbound forces are known
across the Mortal Realms,
with two standing above
the others – the Goretide
and the Skullfiend Tribe.


PAGEBREAK
The SKULLFIEND TRIBE

Heads are hacked from necks like
wheat before the scythe as the
Skullfiend Tribe attack. Possessed
of a manic desire to claim sku l ls,
the aptly named Skullfiends are
led into battle by Lord Skardrax
the Slayer. The furious roars and
cruel, bellowed laughter of this
Juggernaut-mounted monster
resound across the battlefield, rising
above the cacophony of war as axes
crunch through bone and the dying
emit their final screams.

35

The Skullfiend Tribe believe that
the only way to honour the Blood
God is by taking the heads of
every foe they meet. Their massed
ranks of Skullreapers have refined
decapitation into a savage art form,
and their armies are accompanied
by howling packs of Khorgoraths.
The berserk tribe leaves trails of
beheaded corpses in its wake, fleshy
chaff abandoned to the crows. Heads
are slung into sacks or lashed to
belts, that they might be flensed
and offered to almighty Khorne.
The skulls of champions or fierce
monsters are especially prized, and
make the most impressive tributes.

The Skullfiend Tribe originated in
the Realm of Ghur, but they can be
found wherever their slaughter-path
takes them. Most recently a large
portion of the tribe has been pulled
into Shyish, where they sought to
halt the grandiose plans of Nagash.
Although nearly buried in waves of
malignant spirits, the Skullfiends
have slain their way free, and the
ongoing campaign across Hallost,
the Land of Dead Heroes, has
challenged them like nothing before.

Those tribes that were conquered
by the Goretide faced a difficult
decision – to join in the dark feast
after the battle or to be hacked down
and consumed themselves. So did the
Goretide grow, both in numbers and
in terror,
for rumours of their foul
deeds spread like wildfire across the
lands known as the Great Parch.

So many tales are told of the triumphs
and atrocities of Korghos Khul and
his Goretide that it is difficult to track
what is truth and what is legend.
From casting Aqsharya down in
flames to the utter eradication of the
nation of Eltharia, it is said that Khul
has destroyed a thousand empires.
Many dozens of lands across Aqshy
are named for the warlord or his
bloody deeds, and many structures
have been raised under his command,
such as the Jagtooth Forts and the
Red Pyramid – an edifice made from
millions of skulls reaped from across
the Brimstone Peninsula.

Before the sudden emergence
of Sigmar’s new armies, Khul’s
dominance was nearly complete
across the Great Parch. The Goretide
were the first of Khorne’s
servants to
clash with the Stormcast Eternals,
and a glorious feud has raged ever
since. The Hammers of Sigmar,
led by
Vandus Hammerhand, foiled Khul’s
ploys to achieve daemonhood.

Khul sought revenge, and on the
scorched plains of Aqshy he almost
had it – yet at the last moment he
was betrayed by his supposed ally,
the Daemon Prince Lord Skinskein
of Orb Infernia. Khul’s wrath was
absolute – he slew Skinskein and
claimed the traitor’s daemonic
legions, swelling the ranks of the
Goretide. In a rage, Khul destroyed
the Seraphon who arrived to halt the
Chaos plan as well as all the feuding
Daemons, claiming the hollow orb as
his stronghold. Yet this victory, too,
would soon be undone.

Through temporal sorcery, Khul’s
rivals rewound time on Orb Infernia
and restored the Seraphon and
warring Daemon Princes, reversing
the Lord of Khorne’s victories.
Enraged, Khul has vowed to destroy
once and for all those who have
obstructed his path to daemonhood.


PAGEBREAK
Lords of the Bloodbound

36

LORDS OF THE BLOODBOUND

Each of Khorne’s Bloodbound armies is led by a lord of war, a figure of such dread power and sinister charisma
that they can hold the volatile mass of a Warhorde together through sheer strength of w i l l and a palpable aura of
intimidation. These peerless killers number amongst the greatest warriors in all the realms.

LORDS OF KHORNE

Clad in iron and brass, and
commanding countless savage
warriors, the Lords of Khorne are
the Blood God’s greatest mortal
champions. The deep scars that
criss-cross their bulging muscles tell
of lifetimes spent waging wars and
committing atrocities. When a Lord
of Khorne espies a worthy enemy,
he falls upon them like the blade
of a guillotine, bringing swift and
inescapable death. He wades through
ranks of soldiers with the fu l l fur y
of his god, severing heads with
every swing of his axe and roaring
challenges for any brave or foolish
enough to answer. Under showers of

arterial blood he butchers champions
and monsters, kings and beasts. All
are but skulls to be piled high in
honour of Khorne.

such weapons. A Lord of Khorne may
also be accompanied in battle by a
ferocious daemon hound, or ride atop
a molten-blooded Juggernaut.

Lords of Khorne are those warriors
whose gruesome deeds have set
them apart from the throngs of the
Blood God’s worshippers. They have
levelled empires, massacred entire
civilisations, and driven whole
races extinct through persistent
carnage. For these bloody offerings,
Khorne rewards them with tools of
violence, gifting them hellforged
axes from one of Brass Citadel’s
myriad furnaces as well as the
immense strength required to wield

These powerful boons do not come
without a cost. Should a Lord ever
falter in their unremitting bloodshed,
the giving of such gifts wi l l be
questioned; Khorne is not a patient
god, and his brutal judgements are
always looming. A Lord of Khorne
must constantly face challenges from
his own warriors, but a leader who is
not reaping his way to greatness wi l l
find that, when his followers inevitably
rise up against him, it wi l l be they
that bear the Blood God’s favour.

Lords of Khorne can arise from
anywhere in the Mortal Realms,
and each is shaped by the lands
in which they have battled. One
might be a fearsome warrior-king,
a born conqueror. Another may
be a fearless barbarian who leads a
mighty horde in a screaming charge
towards the enemy. Whatever their
nature, armies flock to their banner
like scavengers following an apex
predator. These soldiers fight not for
coin or loyalty but for the chance of
slaughter. With the Lord of Khorne
leading them to battle, they never
want for opportunities to commit
acts of brutality.

AXES OF KHORNE

The axe is Khorne’s
favoured
weapon. Heavy, brutal and ideal
for lopping off heads, it suits the
Blood God’s warriors perfectly.
The most common of Khorne’s
gifts to his followers, the nature
of each weapon varies according
to the whims of the Blood God
and the fell smith that forged
it. No matter how varied the
shape of the blade, all are deadly
and fully capable of turning
on their wielder should he
prove unworthy.


PAGEBREAK
37

VALKIA THE BLOODY

Valkia the Bloody is known by many
names,
including the Gorequeen in
Aqshy, Lady Wrath in Hysh, and as
the Red Angel of Slaughter by the
Devoted of Sigmar. The legend goes
that she was once a mortal warrior,
a merciless tribal chief dedicated
wholly to the Blood God. Such was
her barbarity that her own people
gathered in a great horde to offer
her sku l l to Khorne. Furious at their
betrayal and faced with an entire
tribe looking to claim her head in
the name of the Lord of Battle, she
fought with the explosive anger of a
Bloodthirster,
impaling hundreds on
her barbed spear Slaupnir before she
was finally cut down. So impressed
was Khorne that he breathed
hellish vigour into her mangled
body. Valkia travelled, bleeding,
to the Blood God’s kingdom,
where she was reborn as a winged
daemon queen.

After a sojourn to butcher the
remainder of her tribe, Valkia carved
out her own kingdom in Khorne’s
domain, the volcanic fastness Mount
Ashenfel. It is from here that she
flies to battle, drawing to her side
daemonic legions and mortal hordes
alike. The Slaaneshi Daemon Prince
Locephax once chided Valkia, saying
she was more suited to being a slave
than a warlord – his still-living head
adorns her shield to this day.

To incur Valkia’s wrath is to invite
death. She streaks down from the
skies like a crimson bolt, driving
her spear with such force she often
impales foes in a spectacularly
gruesome fashion. They say that
wherever Valkia the Bloody goes, so
too does the Blood God’s gaze, and
thus mortals dedicated to Khorne
fight with renewed vigour in her
presence as they seek to please their
brutal deity.

KORGHOS KHUL

Of a l l the Lords of Khorne across the
Mortal Realms, the name Korghos
Khul stands alone. A thousand
empires have fallen at his command,
and numbers untold have met their
end at the edge of his Axe of Khorne.

During the Age of Chaos, Khul
assembled a vast Warhorde known
as the Goretide. At the front of this
army of blood-seeking madmen,
he began slaughtering his way
across the unbound vastness of
Aqshy,
tearing down a l l kingdoms
and empires that stood in his
path, his ultimate ambition to
attain daemonhood.

In addition to being granted an
unnatura l ly long lifespan, Korghos
Khul’s
ser vice to Khorne has earned
him many boons. His reality-
splitting axe was bestowed upon him
after the slaughter at Scorched Keep.
His suit of blood-soaked armour
was earned through his besting
of eighty-eight rival champions.
The Flesh Hound Grizzlemaw was
gifted to Khul following his horrific
purge of the Direbrand Tribe. This
muscular daemonic beast can tear a
man to shreds with its razor-sharp
teeth and claws, while its barbed
brass collar negates magic cast in
its presence. Grizzlemaw delights
in devouring terrified mages who
find themselves suddenly stripped of
their power.

When the gates of Azyr reopened,
it
was Korghos Khul and the Goretide
who first opposed the Stormcast
Eternals. During the Realmgate
Wars, Khul’s Warhorde faced off
against the Hammers of Sigmar
many times, their r iva lr y pre-dating
even that era; Vandus Hammerhand,
a Lord-Celestant of the Hammers
of Sigmar, had in his mortal
life
almost met his end at the edge of
Khul’s axe, before his salvation
came at the hand of the God-King.
Although Khul has suffered setbacks
against the Stormcast Eternals,
and foul magics robbed him of his
r ightfu l victor y at Orb Infernia,
he has sworn to get revenge for
his defeats, and dedicated himself
anew to blazing a murderous path
to daemonhood across the realm of
Aqshy and beyond.


PAGEBREAK
The Gorechosen

38

THE GORECHOSEN

A Lord of Khorne’s inner circle is known as the Gorechosen, and is comprised of the eight champions highest in his favour. They
are his right arm, acting on his commands to serve as lieutenants, retinue and advisors. Not even the boldest and most favoured
of warlords can risk lowering their guard in the presence of the Gorechosen, for they are powerful and ambitious rivals who w i l l
readily usurp their master should he falter in his dedication to Khorne.

EXALTED DEATHBRINGER

The Gorechosen of every Warhorde
always contains at least one Exalted
Deathbringer. They are the Lord of
Khorne’s dread lieutenants, his most
fearsome soldiers. A whirlwind of death
in close combat, Exalted Deathbringers
lead by bloody example. In their ki l ling
spree they are not above slaughtering
their own troops to ensure the remaining
warriors keep fighting until either victory
or glorious death is achieved. As befits
their high status, Exalted Deathbringers
are gifted a powerful weapon from the
Blood God’s armoury, a tool they wi l l use
to reap in his name.

In addition to being a Lord of Khorne’s
right hand, the Exalted Deathbringer is
also his deadliest rival. Through endless
wars and countless genocides an Exalted
Deathbringer has risen through the ranks
of the Bloodbound until they are but one
more ki l l away from commanding their
Warhorde. Should the Lord of Khorne
be slain, either in battle or at the hand
of one of their own warriors, an Exalted
Deathbringer wi l l take up their mantle,
butchering all other pretenders. After
all, Khorne cares not from where the
blood flows.

BLOODSTOKER

The Bloodstokers are sadistic taskmasters
whose job it is to keep the unruly ranks of
the Bloodbound tribes in line. Possessing
cruel, barbed whips and vicious torture
blades, Bloodstokers drive their charges
into a ki l ling rage with a rain of furious
lashes. With well-placed strikes and the
foulest of insults they spur on nearby
Bloodbound warriors to charge the foe,
fanning their anger to incandescent levels
so that they recklessly hurl themselves at
the enemy.

Where other warriors wield hammers and
axes, a Bloodstoker wields the heaving
might of the Warhorde.
In this way,
they harvest more skulls than any single
champion of Khorne could ever hope to
match. Truly talented Bloodstokers are
a boon to any Chaos Lord, for they can
drive his followers to ever greater acts
of slaughter.

As befits a champion of Khorne, a
Bloodstoker is more than capable of
fighting alongside those they drive into
battle. His whip can carve flesh from
bone, and his vicious blade darts out to
cruelly slash and stab at any who dare
approach him.

SLAUGHTERPRIEST

Looming over their murderous brethren,
Slaughterpriests are swollen with the
energies of Khorne. Demagogues of the
Blood God, they are warrior-preachers
who are able to control the blood coursing
through the veins of the battlefield’s
combatants. With their bellowed
invectives they can incite those around
them into a mindless rage. Through
prayers to Khorne a Slaughterpriest can
also boil the blood surging inside of their
enemies, causing cries of agony as eyes
burst in fountains of red fluid.

Slaughterpriests are notorious for
gaining their hideous power by drinking
the blood of the fallen foe. The more
they imbibe of this grisly tribute the
more likely Khorne is to grant his
blood-boiled blessings.

These fell priests are themselves deadly
killers, and stride boldly into battle to
take a tithe of the enemies’ blood. Some
fight with a bloodbathed axe, hewing the
foe down with sweeping blows. Others
fight with a weapon in each hand – a
spiked metal ball known as a wrath-
hammer and a cruelly jagged hackblade
that lives up to its moniker.


PAGEBREAK
39

SKULLGRINDER

When the Age of Chaos began, the
gods bequeathed gifts to their mortal
worshippers to aid in their conquests.
Many Bloodbound tribes received brass
anvils of Khorne. Not only were the
anvils used to smith brutal weapons and
armour, but also as brazen altars upon
which captives were sacrificed. None
know where the Skullgrinders first came
from – they simply appeared. At each
Bloodbound encampment, one of their
kind marched straight to the sacrificial
anvil, smashing aside any who challenged
him. It is said that as the Skullgrinder
drew close a fiery light blazed from the
anvil. Reeling long brass chains from thin
air,
links still glowing as though pulled
from the heart of a furnace, the warrior-
smiths wordlessly took those chains and
attached them to the anvils of Khorne,
hammers striking thunderclap booms as
they forged the bond.

On the battlefield, Skullgrinders swing
these anvils on heavy chains, crumpling
armour and shattering bone with every
blow. With each foe slain, the massive
weapons blaze more fiercely with unholy
flames, further emboldening nearby
Khornate formations.

ASPIRING DEATHBRINGER

Long and bloody is the path to Khorne’s
favour, and most of those who walk it
come to a swift and brutal end. To live
as Bloodbound is to ki l l constantly,
slaying enemies and rivals amongst
the tribe alike. Aspiring Deathbringers
are survivors who are tempered in this
bloody crucible. They are homicidal
champions whose excessive butchery
has earned them the fearful respect of
their Warhorde.

On the field of war, an Aspiring
Deathbringer charges into the fray
wielding a weapon in each hand.
Relentlessly savage, these gore-flecked
executioners never tire in their pursuit of
carnage. All who worship the Blood God
can feed off the bloodthirsty energy the
Deathbringers exude, in a radius similar
to that of the arcing sprays of gore that
burst out of their slaughtered victims.
Those within the splatter zone use the
drenching gore as inspiration for their
own mauling acts of violence.

When other champions fall, this only
fuels the Aspiring Deathbringers’
lust for
blood and glory, for it places them one
further rung up the hierarchical
ladder.

BLOODSECRATOR

Bloodsecrators bear huge, skull-wreathed
icons of the Blood God into battle.
These profane artefacts are not just grim
trophies of wars won, but lodestones
of Khornate energy, drawing in the
rage and bloodlust of all those around
them. Bloodsecrators fight to bear their
standards into the very heart of the
foe, where they unleash the power of
the dread icons. In the howling fur y
that follows, the veil of reality is ripped
asunder, exposing all nearby to the rabid
might of the Blood God’s realm. As the
eternal wrath of their god envelops them
in a red mist, Khorne’s
faithful are driven
into a maddened battle-frenzy, while
the sorcerous incantations of the foe are
undone by the Lord of Battle’s
fearsome
ire for the eldritch ar ts.

Bloodsecrators typically avoid the
internal power struggles that are so
common amongst the other Gorechosen.
They care little for personal glory, and
their ambition is not for advancement
or leadership, but is focused only upon
slaying in Khorne’s name. The icon
bearers are driven by a battle-lust so pure
it borders on the elemental, an undiluted
rage that pleases the Blood God greatly.


PAGEBREAK
Champions of Slaughter

40

CHAMPIONS OF SLAUGHTER

Those who have committed deeds of great carnage have taken the next step along the dark path to ascension or
damnation. In doing so these champions have been blessed, for Khorne has bestowed upon them mighty gifts.
Thus do they rise above the rank and file, towering champions of slaughter who serve as bloody inspiration.

warped through constant worship
of Khorne. There is only one path to
follow for such warriors. They must
undertake the Trial of Skulls and risk
utter damnation for a taste of true
power. Each Bloodreaver tribe has
its own variation of this final test,
yet the core demand remains the
same: every single day a Skullreaper
must offer up eight worthy skulls
to the Blood God. Should they
fail in this task, the ramifications
are dire. Failed champions are

SKULLREAPERS

Barrelling into the fray with
the force of a falling comet, the
Skullreapers hack and tear at their
foes with frenzied brutality. Heads
fly and ruptured bodies are sent
hurtling through the air as these
unnaturally strong killers smash
their way further into the press of
flesh, searching for the worthiest
skulls to claim. Skullreapers hail
from the Bloodreavers, those
cannibalistic butchers who form the
greatest portion of the Bloodbound
ranks. The life of a Bloodreaver is
typically a short and brutal one, but
those few who survive for
any length of time
grow in strength,
their bodies
twisted and

WRATHMONGERS

Hu lking brutes bedecked in brass
and iron, the Wrathmongers
are savage berserker warriors.
Whipping their ruinous wrath-flails
about them with unnatura l strength,
they hurl themselves into the thick
of battle, crushing sku l ls and
shattering bones to dust. Wherever
they fight, both ally and foe are
driven to new heights of barbaric
slaughter,
for a foul red mist
surrounds the Wrathmongers, a
terrible gift from the Blood God that
can infect even the most resolute
troops with a manic battle-lust.

To become a Wrathmonger
requires a Bloodbound warrior
to undergo something called the
rite of the Brass Cage. Few know
the specifics of this dark ritual,
but the Slaughterpriests claim
that Khorne w i l l guide those who
choose such a path. Most who
depart upon this dark quest never
return. For those who succeed,
however,
the transformation is total.
Other warriors learn to be war y of
these psychotic slaughterers,
for
Wrathmongers are swollen and
malformed with daemonic power.
Their blood flows furnace-hot, and
so potent is this hellish ichor that
it oozes from the Wrathmongers’
pores to surround them in a crimson
haze. Those engulfed by these
vapours feel their thoughts clouded
by violent rage, an effect that is
magnified tenfold should a warrior
be splashed with the scorching fluid
itself. Even the most sta lwar t and
iron-willed warriors are turned to
mindless savages, fa l ling upon those
they once called friends and tearing
them limb from limb in a frenzy of
barbarous slaughter. Whole armies
have ripped themselves apart under
the influence of the Wrathmongers’
dark curse.


PAGEBREAK
41

struck by horrific mutations, or left
helpless as their bodies waste and
crumble. The looming threat of
such an ignominious end lends the
Skullreapers a manic determination
in battle. They fear no enemy,
for
no fate could be worse than being
judged undeserving by their pitiless
god. Should the day’s end approach
with no sign of an enemy to face, the
Skullreapers wi l l search amongst
their own kind for the skulls they so
sorely need.

KHORGORATHS

Khorgoraths begin as creatures
of the realms, predators that are
drawn into Khorne’s domain by the
unholy reek of endless bloodshed.
Captured by leering Bloodletters,
these animals are dragged to the
Brass Citadel. There, the Blood God
works terrible changes upon them,
twisting their minds and bodies into
shapes more pleasing to his eye. At
the same time the Blood God invests
his newly forged Khorgoraths with
a terrible hunger for the skulls of his
foes. This desire eclipses all else, and
is so fierce that it causes the beasts
physical pain. The only way for a
Khorgorath to hold its agony at bay is
to gorge endlessly upon the macabre
trophies its god desires. To this end,
the Khorgorath wi l l throw itself
into every fight without thought or
restraint, turning the monstrous
gifts of Khorne against its victims
to deadly effect. Bone talons tear
through flesh and bone.

Osseous, fanged tentacles lash
back and forth, impaling prey like
harpoons and dragging them into
the Khorgorath’s hungry embrace.
Finally, when skulls are pushing
out through the beast’s straining
flesh, the Khorgorath’s
appetite is
momentarily sated. At such times
the beast is compelled to wend its
way back to Khorne’s
realm, there to
vomit forth its harvested bounty of
bone. So does the beast’s hunger rise
like fire once more, driving it forth
again to do Khorne’s bloody work.

SCYLA ANFINGRIMM

The ferocious creature known as
Scyla was once a mortal champion of
Khorne, rewarded for countless acts
of brutality with a bestial form and an
unquenchable rage. Scyla is a living
battering ram, an unstoppable engine
of destruction with the strength
to tear a fully armoured Stormcast
Eternal in half with his bare hands.
He never sleeps, never tires, never
stops. His existence is an endless
onslaught of death and destruction,
fuelled by the fires of rage that
Khorne set blazing in his soul.

None know who Scyla was before his
monstrous transformation, nor what
atrocities he wrought in the Blood
God’s name to be so cruelly blessed.
What is known is that, as the Age of
Chaos dawned, Scyla was trapped,
deep within the Cr ystal Labyrinth
of Tzeentch,
trammelled in a web
of maddening illusions. Freed by
Khorne himself, Scyla was once
more unleashed upon the realms.
Since then, he has committed
countless acts of slaughter, driven by
an incandescent fur y that can never
be satisfied. He often fights alongside
the Bloodbound tribes, where his
presence is regarded as a sign of
the Lord of Battle’s
favour. After
the foe lies bloody, Scyla’s wrath
wi l l inevitably fall upon those who
fought at his side mere moments ago.
Yet
the tribes welcome this risk. To
be torn limb from limb at the hands
of Khorne’s
favoured abomination is
seen as a great honour.

SKARR BLOODWRATH

To stand before Skarr Bloodwrath is
to face a cyclone of blades whipped up
by bloodlust and mindless fury. He
rages across the battlefield,
lashing
his chained axes – known as the
Bloodstorm Blades – at those foolish
enough to engage him. With every
slash the quicksilver blur of metal
becomes further clouded in sprays of
crimson gore. Few foes ever get close
enough to strike a blow, and those
who try are viciously dismembered,
their body sliced to pieces even as
their severed head travels in a bloody
arc to the ground.

Skarr Bloodwrath is one of Khorne’s
most favoured mortals, a berserker
who is endlessly reborn from the
lifeblood of those he slays. Sometimes
his return is almost instantaneous,
while on other occasions he has
remained dead for years or longer,
even fading into legend for a time.
Yet whenever great enough slaughter
is perpetrated by the worshippers
of Khorne, wherever blood flows in
lakes and rivers, there Skarr rises
once again.

As a great champion of carnage,
Skarr gives no thought to strategy
or conquest – he exists only for the
slaughter of the moment, barrelling
into his enemies wherever the
fighting is thickest. Like a madman,
he seeks ever deadlier foes and vaster
armies to battle, showing no concern
for his own life as he becomes
intoxicated with hatred. Even when
he is finally vanquished, falling to
the combined might of heroes who
have waded through the blood of
their allies to take him down, he
does not stay dead for long. So long
as Khorne’s power flows through the
realms, Skarr Bloodwrath will always
be reborn, for his rampages inevitably
prove pleasing to the Blood God.

Hordes of Bloodbound follow Skarr’s
gruesome trail, looking to partake
in his carnage. Wrathmongers in
particular flock to his side, for to
them he is the eye of the storm
around which the reaping winds
blow. Though Skarr Bloodwrath’s
psychotic belligerence inevitably
leads his followers to a violent end,
the destruction they cause first is the
stuff of dark legend.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodbound Throngs

42

BLOODBOUND THRONGS

The ranks of Khorne’s armies are swollen with mortal followers. They might hail from nomadic tribes or the
noble line of a royal house, or from anywhere in between, but once they embrace the path of skulls their lives are
dedicated to spilling blood.

BLOOD WARRIORS

Not until a mortal is drenched in
the gore of their enemies do they
become a Blood Warrior. Khorne’s
eyes are drawn to such deeds of
butchery, and if deemed worthy,
the
Blood God claims their perpetrator
as his own and subjects them to the
dreaded Red Baptism. Some say this
gruesome process causes a mortal’s
own blood to scab over their skin
and harden into plates, while others
speak of warriors whisked away to
the Realm of Chaos, where the most
brutal are rewarded with hellforged
arms and armour. Whatever the
case, from the moment of their
choosing, the new Blood Warrior is
gripped by an unquenchable thirst
for battle, and for the rest of their
days they are an unquestioning
servant of Khorne.

The Red Baptism can engulf anyone,
be they a devoted acolyte or mindless
savage. Even those who fought
against the Blood God’s hordes mere
hours before can find themselves
overtaken by hatred and visions
of slaughter.

Blood Warriors are relentless
butchers whose ferocity has been
forged in the white heat of battle.
Encased in plate armour,
they stride
fearlessly into the midst of combat
where they can hack at their foes
with axes and drive their spiked
fists into exposed flesh. So great is
the wrath of the Blood Warrior that
even when mortally wounded they
wi l l continue to fight, relentlessly
hacking and hewing until the last of
their vital fluid has been poured out
for merciless Khorne.

MIGHTY SKULLCRUSHERS

Gore-spattered knights of Khorne,
the Mighty Skullcrushers fall
upon the enemy in a thunderous
stampede. Foes vanish screaming
beneath trampling brass hooves,
even as the Skullcrushers hack about
themselves with their heavy-bladed
axes, claiming another skull with
every strike.

When a blood-soaked warrior of
the Mortal Realms has proven
themselves worthy,
they may
find themselves approached by a
Juggernaut of Khorne. The mortal
then has but eight brief heartbeats
in which to decide their own fate.
In the first few moments comes
the realisation that a lifetime spent
fighting has drawn the attention of
this hellforged monstrosity.


PAGEBREAK
The clangour of battle and the smell
of murder has wafted its way to the
stockade in Khorne’s
realm. Stirred
by the blood-scent, the Juggernaut
has burst through the brass gates and
thundered across the veil between
worlds, seeking a worthy warrior
to bear. With the next heartbeats
come promise, visions of the glorious
carnage that could be achieved with
this dread steed. No longer wi l l a
fortress offer protection against
this warrior’s wrath, for they wi l l
ride a living meteor that wi l l turn
barricades to splinters. Hundreds of
enemies wi l l fall to his fell axe and be
crushed beneath the stampede of his
metallic mount.

With the final heartbeat comes
ultimatum, the decision to submit
completely to the Blood God or be
killed there and then. Any hesitation
and the Juggernaut wi l l gore the
warrior to bloody shreds. But to
accept this blessing is to become a
Mighty Skullcrusher, a knight of the
Bloodbound and one of the most
feared warriors in the realms.

BLOODREAVERS

Advancing upon their foes in a great,
howling mass, the cannibalistic
Bloodreavers typically make up the
bulk of Khorne’s mortal hordes. These
savage tribespeople hack and stab
until they are covered from head to
foot in the enemy’s blood, fighting
desperately to win the favour of their
dark god.

When enough Bloodreavers gather
for war, entire armies and kingdoms
are swept away in the deluge of their
fury, and fields are sown with bones
and valleys filled with blood. Though
Bloodreavers might appear puny
in comparison to one of Khorne’s
mightiest champions, there are few
mortals who can stand before their
martial prowess. Bloodreavers also
tend to gather in great numbers, their
combined ferocity making them
capable of bringing down any foe,
even the largest of monsters.

The majority of Bloodreavers begin
their lives as ordinary tribespeople.
For some – the most warlike and
brutal – it was a natural decline as
they adopted ever darker rituals
with every rival they conquered,
eventually undergoing the eight
Trials of Khorne. Not all Bloodreavers
came to worship Khorne willingly,
however. Many fought hard against
the onslaught of the Blood God’s
armies, but were overwhelmed
before the martial superiority of their
attackers. Although defeated, those
who proved worthy foes were given
an awful choice – to die in some
horrible fashion or to partake in the
gruesome cannibalistic feasts. Those
captives gorged on the flesh of their
own fallen, and found that with the
first dripping mouthful of warm flesh,
their souls belonged to Khorne. Those
who then survived the Trials were
welcomed to the Bloodbound.

With each bite, the taste of
forbidden meat grows sweeter to the
Bloodreavers. Where first they gag in
disgust, they soon learn to savour the
textures a living body has to offer –
the satisfaction of tearing quivering
muscle from bone, the gush of flavour
as juicy entrails burst between teeth,
the delicious screams as sinew is
ripped through bleeding skin. Soon,
their muscles bulge beyond mortal

43

proportions as they are gifted with
strength from the Blood God himself.
But as Khorne’s blessings empower
they also corrupt. Any traces of guilt
and morality that may remain are
eradicated, leaving Bloodreavers as
single-minded thralls of battle. Some
lose their sanity completely or devolve
into writhing Chaos Spawn, but most
find themselves consumed with an
ever-increasing lust for violence
and gore. Whatever they once were
is lost forever, drowned in blood
and war until only the worship of
Khorne remains.

KILLERS OF RENOWN

Such is their ferocity that a
single Bloodbound pack can
achieve infamy. Some – like the
crimson-skinned Red Reavers –
have earned their fame through
grisly acts of mass slaughter.
Others, like Khax’s Killers,
have gained their notoriety by
slaying a large and particularly
well-known monster or daemon.
There are two such Bloodbound
groups who have only recently
earned distinction – the
fierce warriors trapped in the
Mirrored City of Shadespire, a
land cursed by Nagash.

Magore’s Fiends are a nigh-
unstoppable trio of Blood
Warriors who have spilt so
much blood that they have
drawn Khorne’s
favour in the
form of Riptooth, a vicious
Flesh Hound. They hope to
gain even more of the Blood
God’s blessings by slaughtering
the Stormcast Eternals within
Shadespire, as well as any others
who would stand against them
in that fell place.

Led by Garrek Gorebeard,
Garrek’s Reavers also roam
Shadespire. They are the epitome
of sheer aggression, attacking
everyone that crosses their
paths. The Reavers, too, have
gained the Blood God’s favour ;
it is said that Khorne watches
his Bloodbound followers in
Shadespire, intrigued by the
endless slaughter.


PAGEBREAK
ARTEFACTS OF SLAUGHTER

4444

ARTEFACTS OF SLAUGHTER

The weapons of Khorne’s armouries are vicious tools of butchery, bestowed upon the worthiest of the Blood God’s
daemons and the most favoured of his mortal champions.

C a r n a g e & S l a u g h t e r

The twin axes of the infamous Bloodthirster
known as Skarbrand are named for the daemons
bound within them. Since their defeat at
Skarbrand’s hands, they have been his slaves,
imprisoned in his weapons and forced to ki l l
for his glory. Their rage at this ignominy causes
each blade to burn like a flaring sun.

B l a d e

o f B l o o d

When Khorne gifts a blade of blood to a Herald,
it
entwines with the daemon’s being, hellfires burning from
the blade’s edge to the claws clutching the hilt. Not only is
this gift a weapon, it is a measure of the Blood God’s wrath
bestowed upon his chosen.

G o r e a x e

A Blood Warrior’s goreaxes are
forged by the Skullgrinders of
their Warhorde. Each warrior is
tasked with keeping their own
weapons sharpened, honing the
edges against armour and bone,
and the mightiest Blood Warriors
wield the most razor-like blades.

H e l l b l a d e

Hellblades are formed from the essence of their
Bloodletter bearer, and as the daemon ki l ls and grows
in power so too does their infernal weapon. Jagged
points and crescent-shaped gouges appear along the
hellblade’s edges, all the better to shred the flesh of
their victims.


PAGEBREAK
45

W ra t h f o rg e d A x e

With each blow, a wrathforged axe unleashes shards of fur y
from the raging daemon imprisoned within. These brutal
weapons are favoured by those Lords of Khorne who lead
their mortal armies from atop monstrous Juggernaut steeds,
cleaving through multiple foes as they thunder into the
ranks of their enemies.

A rm o u r

o f S c o r n

Crafted from bands of bladed
metal joined with skulls and
bone, the Armour of Scorn is a
trophy won in Khorne’s fighting
arenas. A daemon adorned with
this plate can withstand the
most fearsome blows, so long as
the armour’s own bloodthirst is
quenched regularly.

C o l l a r

o f K h o r n e

No daemons are more favoured by
Khorne than his Flesh Hounds, all
of whom wear brass collars to ward
against the taint of magic. Such
devices can be adapted into a gorget
of the same design, wrought to fit the
neck of a mortal follower or daemon
champion who is worthy.

G o r e c l e a v e r

The daemon encaged within
Gorecleaver hungers eternally for
flesh. This hateful weapon is not so
much swung as it is directed towards
its enemies, and when it strikes it
surges ever forwards, tearing through
iron and steel armour to reach the
meat inside.


PAGEBREAK
The skies blaze red,
foreshadowing the blood that will flow in rivers when the Blades of Khorne
mercilessly descend upon the defenders of the Idoneth Deepkin enclave.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
BRINGERS OF CARNAGE

48

BRINGERS OF CARNAGE

The armies of the Blood God make for a formidable sight. Each collection – no matter how diverse – is united by
its blood-red colour scheme and Khornate heraldry. Here we present a showcase of Khorne Citadel Miniatures
expertly painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Driven to new heights of incandescent
fury by the presence of Skarbrand,
the armies of the Blood God rampage forwards,
eager to claim the skulls of the hated foe in the name of almighty Khorne.


PAGEBREAK
49

Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

Bloodletters

Skulltaker

Bloodletters of different
legions – or even cohor ts – can vary greatly in their hue
and markings, although the vast majority feature red, black and brass.

With long loping strides the Bloodletters rush forwards, howling and snarling in their insatiable drive to sink their
hellblades into their enemies’ flesh. They are nightmares given life, viciousness and bloodlust made manifest.


PAGEBREAK
50

Death and doom come crashing down upon a rocky sky-holding of Barak-Zilfin as Skarbrand leads a group of
Bloodthirsters
in a devastating slaughter of the Kharadron Overlords.


PAGEBREAK
51

Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster


PAGEBREAK
52

Gorehound

Karanak

Flesh Hound

Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne

Skull Cannon


PAGEBREAK
53

Bloodhunter

Bloodcrusher

The Bloodcrushers’ charge has been likened to an avalanche. Those on the receiving end are sliced, battered and crushed
utterly ; typically all that remains of victims are pools of gore welling upon the cracked ground.


PAGEBREAK
54

Bloodsecrator

Exalted Deathbringer with
impaling spear

Exalted Deathbringer with
ruinous axe


PAGEBREAK
55

Slaughterpriest with bloodbathed axe

Aspiring Deathbringer with
goreaxe and skullhammer

Bloodstoker

The Gorechosen are like the tip of the spear,
leading the Blood God’s
forces into the maelstrom of
battle. Here,
it is the endless ranks of the undead that feel the fury of the Khornate champions.


PAGEBREAK
56

Korghos Khul and Grizzlemaw

Valkia the Bloody

Exalted Deathbringer with bloodbite
axe and runemarked shield

Scyla Anfingrimm

Khorgorath


PAGEBREAK
57

Blood Warriors

Bloodreaver Icon Bearer

Bloodreaver Chieftain

Led by a Chaos Champion, a pack of Blood Warriors of the Iron Horde charges headlong into the fray, where their boiling
rage makes them able to shrug off wounds that would slay lesser beings.

Blood Warrior of
the Butchers Tribe

Blood Warrior of
the Flayed Tribe

Blood Warrior of
the Eight-blooded Tribe

Blood Warrior of
the Skullfiend Tribe


PAGEBREAK
58

Mighty Skullcrusher Skullhunter

Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut

While Bloodreavers and Mighty Skullcrushers lead the charge against a Nighthaunt procession, a pair of Hexgorger
Skulls seek to destroy the sorcerous manifestations of the enemy.


PAGEBREAK
59

Wrathmonger

Skarr Bloodwrath

Wrathmonger

Skullreaper

Skullreaper Icon Bearer

Skullreaper

Charging headlong into a Daemonette pack, the Skullreapers
seize a chance to earn the Blood God’s
the daemons of his hated rival, Slaanesh.

favour by destroying


PAGEBREAK
KHUL’S KILLERS

60

KHUL’S KILLERS

With a wide range of Bloodbound and Khorne daemon Citadel Miniatures available, forces dedicated to the Lord
of Battle can be assembled in a variety of ways. Presented here is the tip of the blade, the vanguard army of the
infamous Goretide, personally led into combat by the mighty warlord Korghos Khul.

When collecting a Warhammer Age
of Sigmar army,
it’s a good idea to
have a plan. How you decide which
units to include in your Khorne army
might be based on the look of the
models or how you envision them
performing during a tabletop battle,
or could follow a narrative found in
a battletome or even one of your own
invention. There is no single right way
to collect your army, only the way you
deem best. The goal is the same – to
field a battle-ready force of Khornate
warriors that are ready to conquer the
realms! Here is how we assembled the
collection shown below.

The first question we asked was
whether we wanted a daemon army, a
mortal army or a combination of the
two. As a mix allowed us access to a
wider range of fantastic models, that
was our decision. Next, we needed
a leader – who better than Korghos
Khul, commander of the fearsome
Goretide? Accompanied by the Flesh
Hound Grizzlemaw, he is a powerful
fighter and a great model. Khul is also
well suited to our diverse force; from
the background, we know that his
army absorbed many daemons into
its ranks after he bested the Daemon
Prince who led them.

To aid Korghos Khul we added what
every Bloodbound warlord needs – a
circle of fearsome lieutenants. A
Gorechosen battalion gives us eight
of them – two Exalted Deathbringers,
two Aspiring Deathbringers, two
Slaughterpriests, a Bloodsecrator and
a Bloodstoker.

For our mortal infantry we selected
a core of savage Blood Warriors and
Bloodreavers. These were augmented
by smaller, but more elite formations
of Wrathmongers and Skullreapers,
as well as a Khorgorath. The hardest
hitting of them all, however, are the

11

12

2

9

6

2

5

15

14

7

8

4

3


PAGEBREAK
Mighty Skullcrushers, led into battle
by a Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut –
together these mounted warriors can
wreak havoc upon the foe.

For our daemon contingent, a pack
of Bloodletters felt like the right
starting place, and we added a
Bloodmaster to lead them. We also
really wanted a Bloodthirster – they
are amazing centrepiece figures and
can single-handedly pulp enemy
battle lines. Some Flesh Hounds
provide flanking capability, and
we could not resist adding in the
greatest of their kind, the ferocious
Karanak. A Skull Cannon adds some
ranged firepower to the army, while a
Herald on Blood Throne provides yet
another threat that the foe wi l l have
to keep their eyes upon as it thunders
across the battlefield before charging
into their lines.

When it comes to crushing charges,
the Bloodcrushers have few rivals.
Like their mortal equivalents, the
Mighty Skullcrushers, their hulking
Juggernaut mounts decimate all
before them. Finally, a Daemon
Prince from the Slaves to Darkness
faction bridges the gap between
the mortal and immortal forces in
our army.

Overall, such an army offers a
collector a range of different models
to build and paint, and plenty of
tactical flexibility on the battlefield.
By adding certain units, this example
army could fill out multiple warscroll
battalions, unlocking special rules to
make the force hit even harder.

1. Korghos Khul
2. Exalted Deathbringer (x2)
3. Slaughterpriest (x2)

4. Bloodstoker
5. Aspiring Deathbringer (x2)
6. Bloodsecrator
7. Wrathmongers
8. Skullreapers
9. Blood Warriors
10. Bloodreavers
11. Mighty Skullcrushers
12. Mighty Lord of Khorne
on Juggernaut
13. Bloodletters
14. Karanak
15. Flesh Hounds
16. Herald on Blood Throne
17. Khorgorath
18. Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne
19. Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne
20. Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster
21. Bloodcrushers
22. Daemon Prince
23. Skull Cannon

23

21

17

18

16

3

1

20

22

19

10

13

61

5


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
BLADES OF KHORNE

62

PAINTING YOUR
BLADES OF KHORNE

Whether you have never painted a Citadel Miniature before or are a master of the brush with ages of experience,
the prospect of painting a Blades of Khorne army offers an exciting challenge. On the following pages you w i l l
find stage-by-stage guides to get you started, with tips and examples from the experts. Paint for the paint god!

A fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures is a splendid sight.
There is real satisfaction to be had
in adding colour to your collection,
teasing out the finely sculpted
details and making your miniatures
distinctly your own. One painted
model looks great, but an entire
army brought together through
shared colours and iconography
is even more impressive. Not only
is painting enjoyable in its own
right, but there is also immense
gratification in watching your
collection grow as you add each new
painted figure to the ranks of the
finished models.

There’s no right or wrong way to
go about painting your collection.
Some people revel in treating each
miniature as a work of art,
lavishing
attention on every detail and
painstaking ly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs

that allow them to quickly complete
legions of finished warriors. And,
of course, there is plenty of middle
ground for those that enjoy painting
their troops but want to devote
extra attention to key figures such as
heroes, war machines and monsters.
Again, there is no one way to paint,
just the way that works best for you.
In the end, the goal is to field a fully
painted Blades of Khorne force on
the tabletop – and with its spike-
ridden, muscle-bound warriors,
formidable heroes and towering
greater daemons, the armies of the
Blood God are an impressive (and
menacing) sight indeed.

Before painting your models, you’ ll
first need to assemble them. We
recommend you follow the advice
given in the construction booklet
provided with your models, but as
your confidence grows you may want
to customise your miniatures with
weapons swaps or modified poses.

Base paints contain a high percentage of pigment, and
deliver bold, intense colour that provides the foundation for
the paint scheme. Neat basecoats are key to a great-looking
miniature, and two thin coats are almost always better than
one thick coat.

Shade paints are almost the consistency of ink, and are
designed to run into the model’s recesses to create depth and
contrast. They are usually applied all over an area as a wash,
or painted directly into recesses such as the gaps between
armour plates.

Dry paints are applied using a technique called dr ybrushing,
which involves passing a very lightly loaded brush rapidly
across the model to apply a dusting of colour to the raised
details. It’s a very quick way of adding highlights to
a miniature.

Layer paints are brighter colours than Base paints, and have
a smoother consistency. They are usually applied all over
an underlying Base colour to achieve a more vibrant hue,
or are painted in focused lines along raised areas and edges
as highlights.

Next, you can choose a paint
scheme. The colours of a number of
infamous Bloodbound Warhordes
and Blood Legions are described in
the background and displayed in our
showcase, and on the following pages
we show how to paint some of them.
Of course, it is also possible to create
your own variations.

The Citadel Paint System takes the
guesswork out of painting, and
uses several different formulations
of paint to best match different
techniques. The paints are used in
a set sequence, and each enhances
the underlying colour to produce a
spectacular finished effect. Once you
have grasped the basic techniques,
you wi l l find such results are well
within reach.

The first paint you’ll apply is called
the undercoat. Supplied in spray
cans, it’s formulated to provide a
smooth, even surface for the colours
that follow. Once it has dried, you
can break out your brushes and
start bringing your miniature to life.
The following stage-by-stage guides
present the colours and techniques
we used to paint our Khorne models,
but there are no ‘rules’ as to the
colours you can use for your own
miniatures – so it’s entirely up to you.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?


PAGEBREAK
Bold and Grisly Details

BOLD AND GRISLY DETAILS

There are a variety of techniques you can use when painting Blades of Khorne miniatures, a number of which are
shown on the following pages. Many of these techniques can be applied no matter which models you are working
on. The tips contained in this painting guide w i l l prove useful even if you have devised your own colour scheme.

BLOODLETTER BANNER DESIGNS

1

2

3

4

63

First, use a pencil to mark
out the design.

Paint a thin layer of
Rakar th Flesh over the
pencil lines.

Carefully fill in the design
with Rakar th Flesh.

To finish, add Seraphim
Sepia stains onto the
Rakar th Flesh.

RED ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Over a Chaos Black Spray
undercoat, paint a layer
of Khorne Red onto the
armour plate sections.

Apply a wash of Nuln Oil.
While it dries, contemplate
your loathing of all
things sorcerous.

Highlight the raised areas
using Evil Sunz Scarlet.

Pick out the most raised
areas with a Fire Dragon
Bright highlight.

BRASS TRIMS

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Balthasar Gold onto the
armour’s trim.

Apply a wash of Agrax
Earthshade, taking
care to avoid the red
armour sections.

Use a Fulgurite Copper
layer to pick out all but
the deepest recesses of the
armour trim.

Edge highlight with a thin
coat of Stormhost Silver.


PAGEBREAK
BLACK ARMOUR

64

1

2

3

4

Over an undercoat of
Chaos Black Spray,
apply a basecoat of
Abaddon Black.

SKULLS

Next, apply a layer
of Mechanicus
Standard Grey.

Lightly pick out raised
areas with a layer
of Dawnstone.

As a final step, pick out the
extreme edges with a layer
of Administratum Grey.

BRASS TRIM

BLOOD-SOAKED ARM

Base Ushabti Bone and shade with
Seraphim Sepia. Layer with Ushabti
Bone and then Pallid Wych Flesh.

Balthasar Gold base shaded with
Agrax Earthshade. Highlighted with
Gehenna’s Gold and Stormhost Silver.

Over painted flesh, build up layers
of Carroburg Crimson and Lahmian
Medium (1:1) until effect is achieved.

BLOODREAVER: LIGHT SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of Flayed
One Flesh.

Apply an all-over wash of
Reikland Fleshshade, then
apply Carroburg Crimson
to the recesses.

Reapply Flayed One Flesh
to the non-recessed areas.

Apply a Carroburg
Crimson wash around the
icon, and highlight using
Pallid Wych Flesh.

BLOODREAVER: DARK SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of Rhinox
Hide, leaving some of the
Chaos Black undercoat in
the deep recesses.

Next, apply a layer of
Doombull Brown onto the
raised areas.

Using Tuskgor Fur,
further
highlight the raised areas.

Finally, carefully apply
Cadian Fleshtone to the
most raised areas.


PAGEBREAK
BLOODLORDS FLESH

1

2

3

4

65

Apply a basecoat of
Mephiston Red.

Shade with Carroburg
Crimson and allow to dry.

Using Evil Sunz Scarlet,
pick out the raised areas.

Finally, apply Fire Dragon
Bright to the extreme
edges of the model.

VERDIGRIS ON BRASS

PURPLE TONGUE

RED EYES

Over painted brass, use a Sotek Green and Lahmian
Medium mix (1:1) to add spots of verdigris.

Base: Naggaroth Night
Layer : Xereus Purple
Highlight: Genestealer
Purple and Slaanesh Grey

Base: Khorne Red
Layer : Mephiston Red

Highlight: Evil Sunz

Scarlet, Cadian Fleshtone

REAPERS OF VENGEANCE BLACKENED ARM

1

2

3

4

Paint the flesh using the
Bloodlords guide at the top
of this page.

An Abaddon Black and
Lahmian Medium mix
(1:1) is built up in layers to
created a fading effect.

Next, use Dark Reaper to
pick out the raised areas.

Finally, apply Fenrisian
Grey to the extreme edges.

BONE-COLOURED BLADE

HORNS

GREEN EYES

Basecoat the blade with Ushabti Bone and then shade
with Seraphim Sepia. Finally, use a Screaming Skull
layer
on the extreme edges.

Rakar th Flesh basecoat,
Carroburg Crimson shade,
Rakar th Flesh layer, Pallid
Wych Flesh highlight

Base: Caliban Green
Layer : Warpstone Green
then Moot Green

Highlight: Dorn Yellow


PAGEBREAK
DARK RED BLADE

GREEN AXE HEAD

METAL AXE HEAD

66

Base with Abaddon Black, layer with
Evil Sunz Scarlet, highlight with Fire
Dragon Bright then Yriel Yellow.

Basecoat: Incubi Darkness
Layer : Kabalite Green
Highlight: Sybarite Green

Base: Leadbelcher
Shade: Nuln Oil
Highlight: Stormhost Silver

BLOODY BLADE

BLACK HAIR

FIRE

TOP TIP

To help achieve a smooth
transition when painting
things such as fire,
Lahmian Medium can be
mixed with your paint in a
1:1 ratio.

Apply Blood For The Blood
God to the blade.

Chaos Black Spray,
Mechanicus Standard
Grey, Dawnstone and
Administratum Grey

Yriel Yellow, Troll Slayer
Orange, Mephiston
Red, Rhinox Hide and
Abaddon Black

FLESH HOUND SKIN

1

2

3

4

After applying a Chaos
Black undercoat, basecoast
the Flesh Hound with
Khorne Red.

Apply two coats of Nuln
Oil shade, one over the
whole surface, then
another focused on the top.

Use Khorne Red to tidy up
those raised areas marred
by Nuln Oil.

Carefully apply Squig
Orange to the edges.

5

6

7

8

Apply a highlight of
Cadian Fleshtone.

Use Bugman’s Glow to
base the insides of the
spined crest beneath the
Flesh Hound’s mouth.

Apply a Carroburg
Crimson shade to the crest
and allow to dry.

Finally, use Kislev Flesh to
highlight the spined crest.


PAGEBREAK
BLOODTHIRSTER WINGS

SKULL CANNON FLESH

UNFETTERED FURY SKIN

67

The red spines are painted using the
same method as that used for the
Bloodlords’ flesh on page 65. For the
wings, basecoat with Abaddon Black,
then use Mechanicus Standard
Grey to pick out the raised areas.
Dawnstone is then applied to the
extreme edges.

To paint the fleshy part of the
Skull Cannon, basecoat with
Cadian Fleshtone and then wash
with Reikland Fleshshade. Then,
focusing around the base area,
apply Carroburg Crimson, building
it up in layers to create a darker
tone at the bottom. Around the
upper area, clean up using Cadian
Fleshtone before applying a Kislev
Flesh highlight.

To paint blackened skin such
as that of this Bloodthirster of
Unfettered Fury, begin with an
Abaddon Black basecoat, followed
by a Skavenblight Dinge layer. Next,
apply Stormvermin Fur, and for the
final highlight use Karak Stone.

LAVA BASE

SKULLS

RIVER OF BLOOD

Use pieces of slate to create the
cracked earth effect – these wi l l
also act as platforms for the model
to stand on. Basecoat the lava with
Mephiston Red, and apply a Nuln
Oil shade to the areas closest to the
rocks. Reapply Mephiston Red and
apply Evil Sunz Scarlet along the
centre of the lava. Using Troll Sayer
Orange, Fire Dragon Bright and
then Yriel Yellow, build up the fire
effect. For added detail use the same
technique to add lava bubbles.

First, begin with some slate to give
you the base for the model to stand
on. Next, place skulls from the
Citadel Skulls kit around the slate
platforms. These can be painted
in the same way as the skulls on
page 64. Paint the ground with
Mournfang Brown, then drybrush
it with Balor Brown. Finish by
dr ybrushing the ground again, this
time with Screaming Skull.

Glue sand and small pieces of
slate to the base, leaving channels
for the river. Paint the ground
with Mechanicus Standard Grey,
and then shade it with Nuln Oil.
Next, drybrush the ground with
Stormvermin Fur, and then drybrush
it again with Administratum Grey.
Finally, apply some thin patches of
Mournfang Brown, then liberally
apply Blood For The Blood God onto
the non-based section to give you the
river of blood.


PAGEBREAK
ARMIES OF KHORNE

ARMIES OF KHORNE

68

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Khorne miniatures on the battlefields of the Mortal
Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The rules are
split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Khorne
army. The rules for how to use the
following allegiance abilities can be
found in the core rules, or on the
pages themselves.

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Khorne army (pg 69-70).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general
of a Khorne army if it is a HERO
(pg 72-73).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Khorne army (pg 73-75).

BLOOD BLESSINGS
OF KHORNE

Blessings available to PRIESTS in a
Khorne army (pg 76).

JUDGEMENTS OF KHORNE

This section contains rules for
judgements of Khorne (pg 77).

SKULL ALTAR

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Skull
Altar (pg 78-79).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes new narrative
battleplans that can be played with a
Khorne army (pg 84-87).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Khorne collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 88-93).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Khorne miniatures. There
are three types of warscroll
included
in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Khorne units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 94-101).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Khorne
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 102-124).

JUDGEMENTS OF
KHORNE WARSCROLLS

There are three judgements of
Khorne warscrolls that detail the
rules for unique and powerful
entities that can be summoned by

KHORNE PRIESTS (pg 125-126).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and judgements of Khorne
in this book (pg 127-128).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Khorne army can include (pg 128).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

69

BATTLE TRAITS

Battle Traits

BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!

BOUNDLESS MIGHT

Khorne's warriors receive divine rewards from their
master when blood is shed; whether the sacrifice is theirs
or that of their foes matters not.

You can receive rewards from the Blood Tithe Rewards
Table below by using Blood Tithe points. You receive 1
Blood Tithe point each time a unit is destroyed.

Tithe Rewards table below. Immediately carry out that
reward’s effect. Each reward costs a number of points,
as shown on the Blood Tithe Rewards table, and you can
only receive a reward if you have enough Blood Tithe
points to pay its cost. Note that Blood Tithe points can
be spent to receive the Spelleater Curse reward at any
point during the hero phase, instead of at the start of
the hero phase.

At the start of the hero phase, you can use 1 or more
Blood Tithe points to receive 1 reward from the Blood

If you choose a reward, after resolving its effects your
Blood Tithe points total is reset to zero.

BLOOD TITHE REWARDS TABLE

Pts

1

2

3

4

Reward

Bloody Exemplar : Khorne’s armies are rife with
aspiring warlords eager to win the blessings of
their rageful god.

You receive 1 command point.

Spelleater Curse: Beneath Khorne’s hateful gaze,
even the most experienced of spellcasters feel their
powers wane.

Choose this reward immediately after a WIZARD
has cast a spell anywhere on the battlefield,
before any attempts to unbind that spell are
made. That spell is not successfully cast.

Murderlust: All servants of Khorne feel the
urge to kill, but when prey is near the impulse
becomes all-consuming.

Pick 1 friendly KHORNE unit; that unit can make
a normal move. If it is within 12" of an enemy
model, it can either make a normal move or
attempt to make a charge move.

Apoplectic Frenzy : Lashing out like a barbed
whip, the Blood God’s
favoured leap at the foe
with terrible ferocity.

Pick 1 friendly KHORNE unit within 3" of an
enemy unit. That KHORNE unit can make a
pile-in move and then attack with all of the melee
weapons it is armed with.

5

Brass Skull Meteor : A vast brass skull comes
crashing down to obliterate all in its path.

6

7

8

Pick 1 unit anywhere on the battlefield; that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. In addition, roll a dice
for each unit within 8" of that unit; on a 3+ the
unit being rolled for suffers 1 mortal wound. On
a 6, the unit being rolled for suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead.

Relentless Fury : Khorne’s devotees look for a
final kill even in their death throes.

Until your next hero phase, each time a friendly
KHORNE model is slain in the combat phase,
before the model is removed from play,
it can
make a pile-in move and then attack with all of
the melee weapons it is armed with.

Crimson Rain: Khorne showers his followers in
the invigorating gore of the slain.

You can choose this reward once per battle.
Immediately after you do so, and at the start of
each of your subsequent hero phases, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to each friendly
KHORNE unit on the battlefield.

Slaughter Triumphant: Reality convulses as

Khorne’s

terrible rage floods the battlefield.

You can choose this reward once per battle.
After you do so, if the unmodified hit roll for an
attack made with a melee weapon by a friendly
KHORNE unit is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on the
target instead of 1. Make a wound and save roll
for each hit.


PAGEBREAK
70

BOUNDLESS MIGHT

LOCUS OF FURY

The most power ful of the Lord of Battle's daemons
act as conduits to his hellish domain in the Realm of
Chaos. The rageful energies that radiate from these
champions rouse all entities born of that dread place to
acts of unparalleled savagery.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by
friendly KHORNE DAEMON units while they are
wholly within 12" of any friendly KHORNE DAEMON
HEROES , or wholly within 16" of any friendly KHORNE

GREATER DAEMONS .

SLAUGHTERHOSTS

The names and deeds of the most infamous of Khorne's
Bloodbound Warhordes and Blood Legions are known
across the Mortal Realms. Each of these hosts wage war
in their own uniquely terrify ing and savage ways.

If your army is a Khorne army, you can give it a
Slaughterhost keyword. All Khorne units in your
army gain that keyword. If a model already has a
Slaughterhost keyword,
it cannot gain another one,
but this does not prevent other units in your army
from having a different Slaughterhost keyword. You
can either choose one of the Slaughterhosts listed
below, or choose another Slaughterhost you have read
about or created yourself. If you choose one from the
list below, all units with that keyword benefit from
the extra abilities listed for that Slaughterhost on the
page indicated. If you choose a different Slaughterhost,
simply pick the Slaughterhost that most closely
matches the nature of your own.

•
•
•
•

REAPERS OF VENGEANCE (pg 80)
BLOODLORDS (pg 81)
GORETIDE (pg 82)
SKULLFIEND TRIBE (pg 83)

SUMMON DAEMONS OF KHORNE

As the battlefield becomes increasingly drenched in the
blood of the fallen, and the skulls of worthy combatants
pile up in gory tribute, reality itself
is torn asunder.
From these ragged wounds the daemons of Khorne
pour forth into the Mortal Realms, a red tidal wave of
slaughter,
ferocity and seething rage.

You can summon units of KHORNE DAEMONS to the
battlefield by expending Blood Tithe points.

If you have 2 or more Blood Tithe points at the end
of your movement phase, you can summon one unit
from the list below onto the battlefield, and add it to
your army. Each unit you summon costs a number of
Blood Tithe points, as shown on the list, and you can
only summon a unit if you have enough Blood Tithe
points to pay its cost. If you summon a unit in this
manner, your Blood Tithe points total is reset to zero
immediately after the unit has been set up (you cannot
save any Blood Tithe points you did not use). Units
summoned in this way must be set up wholly within

12" of a friendly KHORNE HERO or SKULL ALTAR and

more than 9" from any enemy units.

KHORNE

UNIT

1 Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster
1 Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fur y
1 Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage
20 Bloodletters
15 Bloodletters
10 Flesh Hounds
1 Skull Cannon
3 Bloodcrushers
1 Herald of Khorne on
Blood Throne
10 Bloodletters
5 Flesh Hounds
1 Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne
1 Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne
5 Bloodletters

COST

8
8
8
7
6
6
5
5

4

4
3
3
2
2

Adding Models to a Unit: A number of abilities

in this book allow you to add models to a unit.
When you do so, set up the models one at a time,
within 1" of a model from the unit they are being
added to (this can be a model you returned to
the unit earlier in the same phase). The models
you add to a unit can only be set up within 3" of
an enemy unit if one or more models from the
unit they are returning to are already within 3"
of that enemy unit.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

72

COMMAND TRAITS

D6

Command Trait

KHORNE MORTALS

KHORNE MORTAL HERO only.

1

2

3

Arch-slaughterer: Drenched in the blood of
heroes, this lord calls on Khorne for recognition.

Each time an attack made by this general
with a melee weapon slays an enemy HERO or
MONSTER , you receive 2 Blood Tithe points
instead of 1.

Unrivalled Battle-lust: To some, slaughter is a

potent wine to be imbibed without restraint.

At the end of your opponent’s charge phase,
if this general is within 12" of any enemy
units (but not within 3" of any enemy units),
you can attempt to make a charge move with
this general.

Slaughterborn: Ceaseless war has honed this
champion's battle-craft.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this general.

4

5

6

Hungry for Glory : Khorne smiles upon all
bloodletting, but his greatest champions strive to
honour him by claiming the mightiest of skulls.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made by this general that target an enemy HERO

or MONSTER .

Berserker Lord: So battle-crazed is this general
that they fight on through even grievous wounds.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this general. On a 5+ that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Violent Urgency : Khorne’s warriors follow this
champion into the fray with a bloodlust that
cannot be tempered.

You can re-roll charge rolls for friendly
KHORNE units that are wholly within 12" of this
general when the charge roll is made.

D6

Command Trait

KHORNE BLOODBOUND

BLOODBOUND HERO only.

1

2

3

Arch-slaughterer: The greater the foe, the more
richly Khorne rewards their destruction.

Each time an attack made by this general
with a melee weapon slays an enemy HERO or
MONSTER , you receive 2 Blood Tithe points
instead of 1.

Unrivalled Battle-lust: This fighter seizes every

chance to spill blood.

At the end of your opponent’s charge phase,
if this general is within 12" of any enemy
units (but not within 3" of any enemy units),
you can attempt to make a charge move with
this general.

Slaughterborn: Every swing of this warlord’s
thirsty blade is a vision of murder.

4

5

6

Mark of the Cannibal: The devouring of the

slain sustains this Khornate champion.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by this general’s attacks
in that combat phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this general.

Bloodsworn: With murderous oaths this warrior
stokes fires in the hear ts of the Bloodbound.

While friendly KHORNE MORTAL units are
wholly within 16" of this general, they can use
this general’s Bravery characteristic instead of
their own.

Disciple of Khorne: This champion’s

assaults have won many skulls for the Blood
God’s
throne.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this general.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this
general's melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
D6

Command Trait

KHORNE DAEMONS

KHORNE DAEMON HERO only.

73

1

2

3

Arch-slaughterer: Khorne’s

foremost daemons
are more than a match for enemy champions.

Each time an attack made by this general
with a melee weapon slays an enemy HERO of
MONSTER , you receive 2 Blood Tithe points
instead of 1.

Unrivalled Battle-lust: Overflowing with

rage and a desire to slaughter,
this daemonic
champion pounces eagerly when prey is near.

At the end of your opponent’s charge phase, if
this general is within 12" of any enemy units
(but not within 3" of any enemy units), you can
attempt to make a charge move with this general.

Slaughterborn: This daemon's combat prowess is
terrible to behold, each of its blows striking true.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this general.

Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

4

5

6

Rage Unchained: Few can withstand this
daemon’s
frenzied onslaught.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
general’s melee weapons.

Aspect of Death: Enemies quake with fear as this
daemon cuts a bloody path through their ranks.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within 8"
of this general, add D3 to the number of models
that flee.

Devastating Blow: With the spilling of blood,
Khorne’s
fury erupts from this general’s blade.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this general is 6, that
attack inflicts a number of mortal wounds on
the target equal to that melee weapon’s Damage
characteristic and the attack sequence ends (do
not make a wound or save roll).

D6

Artefact of Power

MURDEROUS ARTEFACTS

KHORNE MORTAL HERO only.

1

2

3

Heart Seeker : Drawn to its victim, the daemon
within this weapon guides its wielder's hand.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. You
can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made with
that weapon.

Collar of Contempt: This brutal carcanet wards
its wearer from magic.

The bearer can attempt to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, the bearer can attempt to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

Blood Drinker : When drenched in blood, this
blade fills its wielder with unholy vigour.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the
end of the combat phase, if any attacks made by
that weapon caused a wound or mortal wound
to be allocated to an enemy unit that was not
negated, you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to the bearer.

4

5

6

Gorecleaver: The scent of flesh causes the ever-
hungry entity in this blade to lash out, biting
through armour and skin to feed.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1. In
addition, if the unmodified wound roll for an
attack made with that weapon is 6, double the
Damage characteristic for that attack.

The Crimson Plate: This ancient armour bestows
Khorne’s protection upon its wearer, provided it is
burnished daily with the blood of champions.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target the bearer.

Blood Rune: When this flesh-carved sigil glows
red with hellfire, Khorne is pleased with the
offerings of worthy blood made by the bearer.

Each time an attack made by the bearer with
a melee weapon slays an enemy HERO or
MONSTER , you receive 1 additional Blood
Tithe point.


PAGEBREAK
74

BANNERS OF KHORNE

BLOODBOUND HERO with TOTEM only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Banner of Rage: Few

escape the unnatural
fury
of those gathered under this
daemonic banner.

You can re-roll hit rolls of
1 for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly
KHORNE units that are
wholly within 12" of
the bearer.

2

Banner of Wrath: As

this banner tears the veil,
Khorne’s wrath erupts to
strike his foes.

3

Banner of Blood: The blood-

scent of this banner drives
the followers of Khorne into
a frenzy.

In the combat phase, roll
a dice for each enemy unit
within 8" of the bearer. On
a 4+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

You can re-roll charge rolls
for friendly KHORNE units
that are wholly within 12" of
the bearer when the charge
roll is made.

TROPHIES OF WAR

BLOODBOUND HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Skull-helm of Khorne: Those who behold this

grim visage are filled with fear of the Blood God.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 8" of
the bearer.

Blood-forged Armour : This armour was

wrought in daemon forges and tempered in blood.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 5+ that mortal wound
is negated.

Brazen Rune: Etched into flesh, this rune
provides unholy protection to Khorne’s
faithful.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to the bearer that was inflicted by
a spell. On a 2+ that wound or mortal wound is
negated. In addition, once per battle, the bearer
can attempt to unbind 1 spell in the enemy
hero phase in the same manner as a WIZARD
or attempt to dispel one endless spell at the
start of your hero phase in the same manner as

a WIZARD.

4

5

6

Blade of Endless Bloodshed: Blood flows

impossibly fast from the gaping wounds inflicted
by this weapon.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1.

Mark of the Destroyer : Those emblazoned with

this mark fear nothing; nothing,
that is, save for
the Blood God’s wrath should they fail to slay
any foes who come within their reach.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to
the Attacks characteristic of that weapon.

Talisman of Burning Blood: Like an iron poker,

this amulet stokes the fire of rage in its wearer.

Add 1 to run rolls for friendly KHORNE units
wholly within 12" of the bearer when the run
roll is made. In addition, add 1 to charge rolls
for friendly KHORNE units wholly within 12" of
the bearer when the charge roll is made.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

DAEMONIC WEAPONS

KHORNE DAEMON HERO only.

Artefact of Power

75

Ar’gath,

the King of Blades: This daemonic

blade hungers for the flesh of champions.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Change
the To Hit characteristic of that weapon for
attacks that target a HERO to 2+.

Deathdealer: Like a reaper’s
scythe, this blade
severs the life force of its v ictims.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1.

Khartoth the Bloodhunger : Imbued with

Khorne’s

fury, this blade can rend time itself.

At the start of the combat phase roll a dice. On
a 4+ the bearer fights at the start of the combat
phase, before the players pick any other units to
fight in that combat phase. The bearer cannot
fight again in that combat phase unless an
ability or spell allows it to fight more than once.

4

5

6

Hellfire Blade: Forged from magma, this
volcanic blade burns through flesh with ease.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Harvester of Skulls: Whether willed to by

its bearer or not, this weapon seeks skulls
for Khorne.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that weapon.

Foe’s Bane: This weapon was crafted by the
Bloodlords to claim the most skulls for the Lord
of Battle.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Once per
turn, you can re-roll 1 failed hit roll or 1 failed
wound roll for an attack made with that weapon.

DAEMONIC ADORNMENTS

KHORNE DAEMON HERO only.

Artefact of Power

The Crimson Crown: With every civilisation
its wearer topples, this crown grows a new
bloody spike.

Once per battle round, the bearer can use a
command ability on their warscroll without a
command point being spent.

Armour of Scorn: Charged with daemonic spite,
this armour turns aside blows.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to the bearer. Add 2 to the roll
if that wound or mortal wound was caused by
a spell. On a 6+ that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

Mark of the Bloodreaper : Khorne’s baleful

gaze never wanders from the bearer of this
brutal rune.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target the bearer.

4

5

6

Collar of Khorne: Possessed of Khorne’s
contempt, this brass collar devours magic.

The bearer can attempt to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, the bearer can attempt to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

Crimson Soulstone: Stored within are souls
harvested for Khorne.

Each time an attack made by the bearer with
a melee weapon slays an enemy HERO or
MONSTER , you can heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to the bearer.

Mark of the Slayer : The bearer of this mark
becomes the locus of Khorne’s bloodlust.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with melee weapons by friendly KHORNE units
wholly within 12" of the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Blood Blessings pf Khorne

76

BLOOD BLESSINGS OF KHORNE

In addition to any other prayers they can chant, each PRIEST in a Khorne army knows one blessing from the Blood
Blessings of Khorne. You can either choose or roll for the prayer each PRIEST knows. Each Blood Blessing of Khorne
can only be chanted once per turn, regardless of how many PRIESTS know that prayer.

D6

Prayer

BLOOD BLESSINGS OF KHORNE

1

Bronzed Flesh: With searing heat, the skin of
Khorne’s devotees blisters and hardens to become
like the hide of a Juggernaut.

4

Brazen Fur y : As blood pumps with daemonic
fury, Khorne’s
rage fills the mind and washes
away all thoughts and fears.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, pick 1
friendly KHORNE unit wholly within 16" of the
model chanting this prayer and visible to them.
Add 1 to save rolls for that unit until the start of
your next hero phase.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, pick a
friendly KHORNE unit wholly within 16" of the
model chanting this prayer and visible to them.
Do not take battleshock tests for that unit until
your next hero phase.

2

Blood Sacrifice: Prayers to Khorne are always
answered with calls for blood, and he cares not
from whence the blood flows.

5

Killing Frenzy : Flooded with v isions of glory
and bloodshed, warriors hack and hew with
brutal
fervour.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, pick a
friendly KHORNE unit wholly within 8" of the
model chanting this prayer. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds and you receive 1 Blood
Tithe point.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, pick a
friendly KHORNE unit wholly within 16" of the
model chanting this prayer. Add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made by that unit until your next
hero phase.

3

Resanguination: Priests know that a man killed
will bleed for a moment; a man who keeps killing
will shed blood for a lifetime.

6

Spellbane Hex: The anger of the Blood God
pours out of the priest, clotting the flows of magic
on the battlefield.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, pick a
friendly KHORNE HERO wholly within 16" of
the model chanting this prayer and visible to
them. You can heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to that unit.

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly model
that knows this prayer can chant it. If they do
so, make a prayer roll by rolling a dice. On a 1,
the model chanting this prayer suffers 1 mortal
wound and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered. If this prayer is answered, you can
dispel 1 endless spell within 16" of the model
chanting this prayer.


PAGEBREAK
Judgements of Khorne

JUDGEMENTS OF KHORNE

When the necroquake shook the foundations of the Mortal Realms, the barriers between the aether and the
Mortal Realms were weakened. For practitioners of magic, this meant more eldritch powers were within their
reach; for the followers of Khorne, who disdain the arcane, it meant they could more easily draw manifestations of
the Blood God’s judgements from the Realm of Chaos and send them crashing down upon their enemies.

77

KHORNE PRIESTS in a Khorne army
can summon judgements of Khorne,
each of which is represented on the
battlefield by one or more models.

The warscrolls for three judgements
of Khorne are included in this
battletome (see pages 125-126).
Judgements of Khorne models in
your army are not set up on the
battlefield at the star t of the game.
Instead, a KHORNE PRIEST from
your army must summon each to
the battlefield. To attempt
to do so,
you must roll a dice for that PRIEST ;
this is ca l led a judgement roll. Each
judgements of Khorne warscroll
explains the judgement roll required
and how the model is set up.

Unless noted otherwise, a judgements
of Khorne model cannot be attacked
or affected by spells or abilities; it
is treated as a friendly model by all
armies for any other rules purposes.

In order to attempt
to summon a
judgement of Khorne, you must
have a model for that judgement of
Khorne available that is not already
in your army and on the battlefield.
For example,
if you have two Wrath-
Axe models in your army, and both
are on the battlefield, you cannot
attempt Summon Wrath-Axe again
until at least one of them has been
removed from the battlefield. A
KHORNE PRIEST cannot attempt
to
summon more than one judgement
of Khorne in the same turn (even
if they are different models). In
addition,
attempts to summon a judgement
of Khorne and the judgement roll
is not successful, then no other
to
summon the same judgement of
Khorne in that hero phase.

KHORNE PRIEST can attempt

if a KHORNE PRIEST

At the end of each battle round,
roll a dice for each judgement of

Khorne on the battlefield that you
set up. Add 1 to the roll
if there

are any KHORNE PRIESTS from

your army wholly within 8" of that
judgement of Khorne. On a 1-4, that
judgement of Khorne is removed
from the battlefield.

JUDGEMENTS OF
KHORNE IN PITCHED
BATTLES

Judgements of Khorne have Pitched
Battle profiles and a points cost. By
paying the judgement of Khorne’s
points cost, the player can use (and
re-use) one judgements of Khorne
model of the appropriate type in
the battle. A player cannot take
the same judgement of Khorne
more than once for their army, but
can take any number of different
judgements of Khorne (for example,
you could not take two Wrath-Axe
judgements of Khorne).


PAGEBREAK
Skull Altar

78

SKULL ALTAR

A Khorne army can include 1 SKULL
ALTAR terrain feature (see opposite).

After territories have been chosen
but before armies have been set up,
you can set up the SKULL ALTAR
for your army. The SKULL ALTAR
must be set up wholly within your
territory and more than 1" from any
other terrain features. If both players
can set up any terrain features before
armies are set up, they must roll off,
and the winner chooses who sets up
their terrain features first.

Wherever Khorne's followers do battle they raise up Skull Altars – dread monuments from which to offer tribute
to the Blood God and receive his blessings in return.
T he Purple Sun of Shy ish rolled above the red ranks of attacking
warriors, leaving behind glittering amethyst statues in its wake.
Lakshar snarled at the sight. Those warriors had spilt much
blood in the name of Khorne, savage fighters who had proven worthy
enough to join the Goretide; those killers had surv ived hundreds of
battles and untold mar tial contests, only to have their lives ended by
the conjuration of some spineless sorcerer. Those touched by the beams
of the skull-faced orb were enshrined forever in crystalline form. This
was a dishonourable death, and more importantly,
it was bloodless – a
disgraceful end for a follower of Khorne.
‘I shall spill your innards, sorcerous scum!’ bellowed the
Slaughterpriest at the brightly robed Tzeentch Acolytes across the
battlefield. Unlike the priests who worshipped other gods, Lakshar did
not call upon his deity for aid. He knew too well the fruitlessness of
doing so, for what does the Blood God care who lives or dies? Besides,
his followers already had every thing they needed to exact their
vengeance. Lakshar howled out his rage, and pointed his axe at the
foe and their arcane manifestation. As battle-lust filled his being, it
emanated outwards, enflaming the next wave of Blood Warriors while
they hur tled forwards. Even as Lakshar cursed, the ground shook,
and a pillar of skulls rose beneath his feet. Spells turned to ash in the
mouths of the Tzeentch Acoly tes, and from atop the Skull Altar the
blistering vehemence of Lakshar’s
fulminations invoked the judgements
of Khorne, bringing them screaming into reality. Torrents of blood soon
gushed across the battlefield…


PAGEBREAK
79

SCENERY WARSCROLL

SKULL ALTAR

Rising from the ground, the Skull Altar is formed out of the violent tributes heaped in offering for Khorne’s
Throne. From atop the grisly pedestal a priest of Khorne roars out invectives, evoking the judgements of the Blood
God to smite down all signs of weakness or wizardr y.

Witchbane: The Skull Altar devours
arcane power like a whirlpool
dragging ships to their doom.

Subtract 1 from casting rolls for
WIZARDS while they are within 16"
of this model.

DESCRIPTION

A Skull Altar is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Words of Hate: As much a platform
for violent oratory as bloody sacrifice,
the exhor tations of Khorne’s priests
echo from this brass-clad edifice like
the tolling of infernal bells.

You can re-roll prayer and judgement
rolls for friendly KHORNE PRIESTS
wholly within 8" of this model.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, KHORNE, SKULL ALTAR


PAGEBREAK
Reapers of Vengeance

80

REAPERS OF VENGEANCE

The Reapers of Vengeance are a sc ything axe of destruction, a legion sent to wreak havoc upon those who have
drawn the Blood God's vindictive gaze. Armies that win through w izardr y or craven tactics, and even those who
seek fight to bring about a lasting peace, have all met the same grisly end upon the blades of the Reapers.

draw the daemons' fu l l wrath, and
they leap over themselves in their
bloodthirsty pursuit to hack down
any who dare turn their backs on
glorious battle.

The retribution wrought by the
Reapers of Vengeance is as swift as
it is terrible. A heinous fate awaits

the leaders, wizards and cowards
slain by the Reapers. Their flesh
is consumed by the daemons, and
their souls taken direct ly to the
Brass Citadel and used to feed the
firepits. There, they are tormented
eternally by those darksome flames,
for Khorne does not know the
meaning of mercy.

Khorne is a harsh and unforgiving
god. Although he is always angry,
the Blood God's fur y rises to new
heights of apoplexy when his
far-seeing gaze fa l ls upon armies
using tricker y or succumbing to
cowardice. It is the Blood Legion
known as the Reapers of Vengeance
who have earned the honour of
enacting Khorne’s brutal retribution
on those who have – whether
through hated magic or craven
strategies – drawn the especial ire of
the Lord of Battle.

The leader of the Reapers of
Vengeance is Ka’Kharnn, a Wrath
of Khorne Bloodthirster. There
is nothing subtle in Ka'Kharnn's
approach to battle, for he hurls
himself and his legion at the foe
with reck less abandon. Hate drives
them, and they attack with snarling
ferocity and terr ifying speed. The
howling bloodlust of the legion's
cohorts is the stuff of nightmares.
Those who turn to flee, however,

ABILITIES
Devour the Craven: The vindictive Reapers of
Vengeance ever thirst for the blood of the cowardly.

COMMAND TRAIT

A REAPERS OF VENGEANCE general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within 3" of

any friendly REAPERS OF VENGEANCE DAEMON

units, add D3 to the number of models that flee.

COMMAND ABILITY
Leave None Alive: With a chorus of bestial howls, the
Reapers of Vengeance tear their foes apar t.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly REAPERS
OF VENGEANCE DAEMON unit wholly within 8" of a
friendly DAEMON model with this command ability.
After that unit has fought in the combat phase for
the first time, if it is within 3" of an enemy unit it can
immediately make a pile-in move and then attack
with all of the melee weapons it is armed with for a
second time.

Mage Eater : Khorne uses this daemon as a weapon in
his ceaseless war upon the arcane.

This general can attempt to unbind one spell in the
enemy hero phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.
In addition, if this general attempts to unbind a spell
and the unmodified unbinding roll is 8, that spell
is successfully unbound and the caster suffers D6
mortal wounds.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first REAPERS OF VENGEANCE HERO to receive a

daemonic gift must be given the Skullshard Mantle.

Skullshard Mantle: Adorned with shards from the
Skull Throne, this daemon is near immune to magic.

Each time the bearer is affected by a spell or endless
spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so, on a 2+ ignore
the effects of that spell on the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
The Bloodlords

THE BLOODLORDS

They are the slayers of heroes, the vanquishers of the unbeatable foe, the flame-anointed bringers of doom. There
is no other daemon legion quite like them, for the Bloodlords are held highest in Khorne's favour. As such, the
Bloodlords are constantly striving for noteworthy k i l ls in order to maintain their glorious status.

81

The Bloodlords’ gore-strewn
crusades across the Mortal Realms
and throughout the Realm of Chaos
have become legendary. Just as they
are first in Khorne's favour,
they are
first into battle – striking hard and
fast, they carve out a splattered trail
of triumphs, seemingly growing
stronger as the conflict progresses.

It is not uncommon for Skulltaker,
the Blood God’s immortal
champion, to join the legion in war,
for their bloody path inevitably leads
to the most prestigious skulls. Such
is the violence unleashed on the
Bloodlords' campaigns that many
other daemons are drawn to join
the onslaught.

To be placed in the Bloodlords
Legion is a great honour for any
daemon of Khorne. Only those who
have drawn the Blood God's gaze
for impressive deeds of slaughter
are chosen. Each is anointed in the
hellfires of the Brass Citadel before
joining their new formation, the
smoke of their red-hot initiation
still exuding from their forms. Each
cohort can remain in the Bloodlords
until their deeds are surpassed, and
so there is great impetus to maintain
their prestigious position.

The reward for their savage service is
that the Bloodlords can select their
own targets. They are loath to sully
their hellblades with the blood of
unworthy,
for such deeds rarely draw
the attention of Khorne. The best
quarr y are renowned champions,
the most ferocious of monsters, and
the mightiest of armies, for these not
only make the most fitting tributes to
Khorne, but are most likely to gain
his begrudging approval.

ABILITIES
Slay the Mighty : The Bloodlords rarely stain their
hellblades with unworthy blood, as only the greatest
foes make fitting sacrifices for their exacting masters.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by
friendly BLOODLORDS DAEMON units that target a

HERO or MONSTER .

COMMAND TRAIT

A BLOODLORDS general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Slaughterer’s Thirst: Nothing will stall this daemon’s
murderous advance.

Add 4" to the Move characteristic of this general. In
addition, you can re-roll charge rolls for this general.

COMMAND ABILITY
First in His Sight: Of all Khorne’s daemon legions the
Bloodlords are highest in his favour, and the inferno of
his rage burns hot in their immortal veins.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
hero phase. If you do so, pick a friendly model with
this command ability. You can heal 1 wound allocated
to each friendly BLOODLORDS DAEMON unit wholly
within 16" of that model.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BLOODLORDS HERO to receive a daemonic
gift must be given the Halo of Blood.

Halo of Blood: A corona of crimson light glares above
this daemon’s horned head, marking them out as a true
lord of war.

The bearer fights at the start of the combat phase,
before the players pick any other units to fight in that
combat phase. The bearer cannot fight again in that
combat phase unless an ability or spell allows it to fight
more than once.


PAGEBREAK
The Goretide

82

THE GORETIDE

The mere mention of the Goretide is enough to strike fear into the hearts of even the most valiant warriors. Led by
their dreaded warlord Korghos Khul, conqueror of a thousand empires, the blood-drunk killers have cut a gory
path across the whole of Aqshy. Where the Goretide march, carnage and slaughter abound.

The Goretide is a vast and long-lived tribe of battle-
starved berserkers, maniacal cannibals and relentless
butchers. They swarm across the battlefield, overcoming
any who dare to fight and butchering or enslaving the
rest. Behind them lies a trail of smoking ruins and still-
dripping tributes to Khorne.

At the fiery heart of the Goretide strides Korghos Khul,
the warlord who has risen from savage tribesman to the
scourge of Aqshy. He is perhaps the mightiest Lord of
Khorne in all of the Mortal Realms, and his dedication
to slaughter in Khorne's name is second to none. It is
Korghos Khul's vow to one day conquer all of Aqshy as
tribute to the Blood God, ki l ling or enslaving its entire
population. Imbued with great powers, Khul has already
lived many lifetimes, all of them steeped in bloodshed.
He has fought for so long that none now live who can
recall all the names of the nations he has brought low,
for their populations were not only slain, but their cities
levelled and all who remembered them hunted out
of existence.

In battle, the Goretide attack with a sudden ferocity and
speed that surprises even those foes who have prepared
for their onslaught. It is said that to hear their vile blood-
chants or to gaze upon their banners and icons is to see
certain death.

ABILITIES
Tireless Conquerors: Entire empires have crumbled
beneath the relentless campaigns of the Goretide.

COMMAND TRAIT

A GORETIDE general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly GORETIDE MORTAL units
wholly within 12" of an objective marker.

COMMAND ABILITY
Ever Onwards: At a barked command, the Goretide’s
battle line advances with startling rapidity to spill the
blood of the foe.

You can use this command ability before you make
a run roll for 1 friendly GORETIDE BLOODREAVERS

or GORETIDE BLOOD WARRIORS unit wholly within

16" of a friendly model with this command ability.
If you do so, that run roll is treated as being 6. In
addition, that unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

Hew the Foe: The mighty swings of this fighter’s blades
evoke the wrath of Khorne himself.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this general’s
melee weapons.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first GORETIDE HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Thronebreaker’s Torc.

Thronebreaker’s Torc: Gifted only to one who has
personally slain a king, this daemon-possessed neck-
piece throbs with protective energies.

Ignore modifiers (positive and negative) when making
save rolls for attacks that target this model.


PAGEBREAK
The Skullfiend Tribe

THE SKULLFIEND TRIBE

Notorious headhunters, the Skullfiend Tribe are originally from Ghur, but have car ved a path of violence and
bloodshed from one end of the Mortal Realms to the other. Their war cry, the dreaded skull-hunt chant, is often
enough to send enemy armies fleeing in the other direction.

83

One of the largest and most infamous of the
Bloodbound tribes, the Skullfiends have fought against
every race and empire that has ever crossed their
path. Their warriors have mastered the brutal ar t of
decapitation during their countless gore-splattered
campaigns and unholy purges. The act of chopping
off enemy heads is sacred work to those in the tribe.
Although they prefer to take their trophies in the heat
of combat, when the fighting is over they scour the
battlefield in search of any heads they failed to claim,
stacking them in mountainous heaps.

The Skullfiends seek to take the sku l ls of the most
powerful beings. As such, the tribe's warriors hunt
out enemy champions amongst the maelstrom of close
combat, fighting with unnatura l vigour to be the first to
hack down the mightiest of their foes. Striding amongst
the tribe are a great number of Khorgoraths,
for the
rage-monsters' prodigious strength and skull-hunting
abilities are greatly valued.

The leader of the Skullfiend Tribe is Lord Skardrax the
Slayer, a murderous psychopath who rides to battle
atop a Juggernaut of Khorne. With relentless fervour he
extols his followers to ever-greater acts of carnage, and
personally leads the charge, reaping more tributes for
Khorne than any other of his tribe.

ABILITIES
Skull Hunters: When a worthy adversary is sighted,
the savage trophy-hunting instincts of the Skullfiend
Tribe go into overdrive,
leading to manic v iolence.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by

friendly SKULLFIEND TRIBE MORTAL units that are

wholly within 12" of an enemy HERO.

COMMAND ABILITY
For the Brass Citadel: As beasts bred solely to reap
a harvest of skulls, Khorgoraths are held in great
reverence by the Skullfiend Tribe.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly model with
this command ability. Until the end of that phase, you
can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks made by

friendly SKULLFIEND TRIBE KHORGORATH units

wholly within 10" of that model.

COMMAND TRAIT

A SKULLFIEND TRIBE general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Master Decapitator : Even amongst his tribesmen this
warrior stands apart as a dread executioner.

You receive 2 Blood Tithe points instead of 1 when this
general slays a HERO.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first SKULLFIEND TRIBE HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given the Crowncleaver.

Crowncleaver : Countless headless corpses litter the path
cut by this hellforged blade.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to the
Attacks characteristic of that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: The Bloodstorm

84

BATTLEPLAN

THE BLOODSTORM

After ravaging surrounding
territories, a Khorne slaughterhost
has reached the walls of a fortified
settlement and hungers for the
skulls of those who garrison it. To
force the hand of the defenders,
a fearsome Skull Altar is erected
at the gates of the stronghold and
piled high with the corpses of the
recently slain. Such is the arrogance
and savagery of this display that
Khorne forms a mighty Bloodstorm
above the altar, blackening the
sky and staining the earth with
bloody rain. Left unchecked, the
storm w i l l swell to engulf the
whole stronghold, belching forth
brass skull meteors and daemonic
horrors to seal the defenders’ fate.
Their only hope is to leave the safety
of their walls and destroy the foul
altar fuelling the storm – a move
eagerly awaited by the frenzied
followers of the Lord of Battle.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Blades of Khorne player,
and their opponent is the Defender
player. The Blades of Khorne player
must use a Khorne army.

Each army has a unique command
ability, as follows.

BLADES OF KHORNE
COMMAND ABILITY

Blood For Blood: Sealing dark pacts
with their master in their own blood,
Khorne’s
followers surge towards the
foe with fresh ferocity.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The Blades of Khorne player sets
up any terrain as they see fit. Place
a Skull Altar (
) in the centre of
the battlefield, as shown on the
map below.

SET-UP

The players alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with
the Blades of Khorne player.
Khorne units must be set up wholly
within their territory. Defender
units must be set up wholly within
their territory.

Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies. If
one player finishes first, the opposing
player can set up the rest of the units
in their army, one after another.

FIRST TURN

The Blades of Khorne player takes
the first turn in the first battle round.

You can use this command ability
at the start of the combat phase. If
you do so, pick 1 friendly KHORNE
unit wholly within 6" of the Skull
Altar. That unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. In addition, until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll wound
rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly
KHORNE units wholly within 16" of
the Skull Altar.

DEFENDER
COMMAND ABILITY

Valour Undimmed: Their spirits

undiminished by the violent storm
above, the defenders valiantly strike
out at the Blood God’s
forces.

You can use this command ability
at the start of the combat phase. If
you do so, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 12" of a friendly HERO.
That unit fights at the start of the
combat phase, before the players
pick any other units to fight in that
combat phase.


PAGEBREAK
85

THE STORM SWELLS
An ever-expanding maelstrom of
crimson clouds swirls above the Skull
Altar, filling the air with a steaming
blood-rain that knocks missile
weapons off course. All those caught
in the deluge are filled with the
battle-lust of Khorne, and cowardice
flees from their hear ts.

Do not take battleshock tests for
units wholly within Bloodstorm
Range of the Skull Altar, as
explained below and shown opposite.
In addition, you can re-roll save rolls
for attacks with missile weapons
that target a unit wholly within
Bloodstorm Range of the Skull Altar.

The range of the effects above
increase with each battle round,
shown as the Bloodstorm Range in
the table opposite.

Battle
Round

First

Second

Third

Fourth

Fifth

Bloodstorm
Range

8"

10"

12"

14"

16"

DESTROY THE ALTAR
Sallying forth from their stronghold
in a desperate bid to quell the storm’s
spread, the defenders channel all
their streng th into the destruction of
the Skull Altar, recognising it to be
the source of the nightmarish events
unfolding around them.

The Blades of Khorne player’s Skull
Altar is treated as an enemy unit

by the Defender’s army. Resolve
any attacks against it as normal.
Missile weapons with a Range
characteristic of more than 16" are
treated as having a Range of 16" for
attacks that target the Skull Altar.
The Skull Altar does not have a Save
characteristic, and has a Wounds
characteristic of 20. If the wounds
allocated to that Skull Altar equal
20, it is said to be destroyed and the
battle immediately ends.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

The Defender wins a major victory
if the Skull Altar is destroyed. If all
units in the Defender’s army are
destroyed, the Blades of Khorne
player wins a major victory. If
neither player has won by the end of
the fifth battle round, the Blades of
Khorne player wins a minor victory.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: A Feast of Skulls

86

BATTLEPLAN

A FEAST OF SKULLS

Revelling in their latest massacre,
a Khornate force has set up camp
around a Skull Altar and set
alight two great piles of corpses as
sacrificial pyres nearby. In the glare
of these grisly bonfires the Blood
God’s servants feast and laugh,
promising their master that the
skulls of great champions will soon
be added to the flames. Their chance
comes without delay – sighting the
smoke plumes, a force of vengeful
survivors has surrounded the camp
and launches an attack. They aim to
wipe the threat of Chaos from the
land, and give proper burial to their
deceased comrades. The avengers
strike quickly, hoping to rout the
Blood God’s force by despatching
its commanders. But for Khorne’s
followers, who exist only to
slay, the ambush is welcomed as
nothing more than an extension of
their feasting.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Blades of Khorne player,
and their opponent is the Avenger
player. The Blades of Khorne player
must use a Khorne army.

Each army has a unique command
ability, as follows.

BLADES OF KHORNE
COMMAND ABILITY

Burning Hatred : So great is Khorne’s
revulsion at mar tial failure that
his rage manifests as lashing flame,
striking out from the corpse-fires to
punish those he deems weaklings.

You can use this command ability
at the end of the combat phase. If
you do so, pick 1 enemy unit within
8" of a friendly KHORNE HERO and
within 8" of a Sacrificial Pyre. If that
unit had any wounds allocated to it
in that phase that were not negated,
roll a dice. On a 3+ that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

AVENGER COMMAND ABILITY

Honour Their Name: At the sight

of their fallen comrades heaped in
smoking mounds, the dogged spirit
of the avenging force becomes their
surest armour.

You can use this command ability at
the start of the hero phase. If you do
so, pick 1 friendly unit wholly within
12" of a friendly HERO. Until your
next hero phase, add 1 to save rolls
for attacks that target that unit if it is
within 12" of a Sacrificial Pyre.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The Blades of Khorne player sets up
any terrain as they see fit. Place a
Skull Altar (
) in the centre of
the battlefield. Then, place 2 markers
(
) halfway between the Avenger’s
deployment zones, with each
12" away from the Skull Altar, as
shown on the map below. These two
markers represent Sacrificial Pyres.

SET-UP

The Blades of Khorne player sets
up their army first, wholly within
their own territory. The Avenger
player then sets up their army wholly
within their territory, more than 12"
from any enemy units.

FIRST TURN

The Avenger player takes the first
turn in the first battle round.

CONSUMED BY RAGE
Regardless of their training or fighting
style, all succumb to the intoxicating
rage that emanates from this freshly
blooded Skull Altar.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made by units wholly within
12" of the Skull Altar.


PAGEBREAK
87

within 3" of the Skull Altar and there
are no enemy HEROES within 3" of
the Skull Altar. The player with the
most victory points wins a major
victory. If there is a tie, the Blades of
Khorne player wins a minor victory.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

At the end of the battle, players
receive 1 victory point for each
enemy HERO slain during the battle.
In addition, at the end of the battle,
players score 2 victory points if any
HEROES from their army are within
6" of a Sacrificial Pyre and there are
no enemy Heroes within 6" of that
Sacrificial Pyre, and 3 victory points
if any Heroes from their army are


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

88

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the

warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a warband with the Khorne
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can be
chosen from the followers tables for
your allegiance. If your allegiance
has more than one followers table
you can freely choose which ones
you use, selecting all of your
followers from a single table or
from several. Instead of choosing,
you can place your destiny in
the hands of fate and roll on the
followers tables instead. To make a
followers roll, pick a column from
one of the followers tables and then
roll a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.

No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their fu l l roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its pitched
battle profile.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1


PAGEBREAK
2

3

your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce

89

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Blades of Khorne Warband Tables

90

BLADES OF KHORNE WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

BLOODBOUND CHAMPION TABLE

DAEMONS CHAMPION TABLE

Followers

Champion

5 units

5 units

5 units

Champion

Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut

Mighty Lord of Khorne

Exalted Deathbringer

BLOODBOUND HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

2

3

4

5

6

1 Bloodstoker

1 Skullgrinder

1 Aspiring Deathbringer

1 Exalted Deathbringer

1 Slaughterpriest

1 Bloodsecrator

BLOODBOUND FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

2

3

4

5

6

1 Khorgorath

20 Bloodreavers

5 Skullreapers

3 Mighty Skullcrushers

5 Wrathmongers

10 Blood Warriors

Followers

3 units

3 units

3 units

5 units

5 units

5 units

Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage

Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fur y

Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster

Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne

Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne

Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

DAEMONS HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

2

3

4

5

6

1 Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

1 Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

1 Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

1 Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne

1 Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne

1 Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne

DAEMONS FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

2

3

4

5

6

10 Bloodletters

10 Bloodletters

5 Flesh Hounds

5 Flesh Hounds

3 Bloodcrushers

1 Skull Cannon


PAGEBREAK
91

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Sworn Disciples: Filled with bloody fervour,
these fighters drive their blades deep.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat
phase, this unit can prove its devotion to your
champion. If it does so, you can re-roll wound
rolls for attacks made by that unit until the end
of the phase.

Eager for Battle: Like starved dogs this warband
leap in for the kill.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit.

Surging Ferocity : Bloodlust quickens these
fighters’ advance.

4

5

6

Battle Fury : When their rage reaches its peak,
these warriors are all but unstoppable.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
add 1 to hit rolls made for attacks by this unit
until the end of the phase.

Too Angr y to Die: Flesh wounds serve only to
stoke these fighters’
ire.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit. On a 6 that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

Twice-blessed Followers: Khorne smiles upon

his wor thiest skull-takers.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
this unit can make a normal move.

Roll twice on this table and apply both results.
Re-roll any duplicates or further rolls of 6.


PAGEBREAK
92

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

2D6

Reward

2

What the Gods Give…: This champion

has offended mighty Khorne, and is
punished accordingly.

You lose D3 Glory Points (to a minimum of
0). In addition, remove all Champion Rewards
this champion has previously gained from your
warband roster.

3

Insane Fury : Blinded by rage, this champion
risks everything for bloodshed.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a
1, this champion cannot move, attack, or use any
abilities until your next hero phase. On a 4+ you
can re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made by this champion until the start of your
next hero phase.

Molten Blood: Jets of fiery blood leap vengefully
from this champion’s wounds.

Roll a dice each time a wound inflicted by a
melee weapon is allocated to this champion and
not negated. On a 6 the attacking unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

7

8

9

Patronage of Khorne (Greater Reward): Khorne

asks for blood, and those who deliver it are
richly rewarded.

Generate a Greater Reward of Khorne for this
champion (see opposite).

Patronage of Khorne (Exalted Reward): This

champion is a true exemplar of their master’s
murderous creed.

Generate an Exalted Reward of Khorne for this
champion (see opposite).

Blademaster : Few can match this champion’s
skill at arms.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this champion.

10

Daemonic Armour : Grotesque faces leer from
this champion’s armour, mocking their foe’s
failed attacks.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this champion.

Ferocious Resolve: With grim determination,
this champion fights on where lesser fighters
would fall.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this champion. On a 6 that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

12

Twice-blessed Champion: This champion is a

born killer, made mightier still by Khorne’s gifts.

Roll twice on this table and apply both results.
Re-roll any duplicates, rolls of 2 or further rolls
of 12.

4

5

6

Mighty Blow : The preternatural bite of this blade
can sunder even the toughest armour.

11

Pick 1 of this champion’s melee weapons.
Improve the Rend characteristic of that weapon
by 1.

Patronage of Khorne (Lesser Reward): Every

boon of the Blood God is a prize worth killing for.

Generate a Lesser Reward of Khorne for this
champion (see opposite).


PAGEBREAK
PATRONAGE OF KHORNE REWARDS

If you roll a Patronage of Khorne result on the champion rewards table, generate a reward from the appropriate
table below.

93

LESSER REWARDS OF KHORNE TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Collar of Khorne: Spells

gutter like weak candles
when these brazen ar tefacts
are near.

This champion can attempt
to unbind one spell in the
enemy hero phase as if it
were a WIZARD.

2

Killer Instinct: Few of this

warrior’s
ferocious blows
miss their mark.

3

Murderous Sk i l l: Bones

splinter beneath the force of
this champion’s
strikes.

You can re-roll hit rolls
of 1 for attacks made by
this champion.

You can re-roll wound rolls
of 1 for attacks made by
this champion.

GREATER REWARDS OF KHORNE TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Whirlwind of Death: This

champion fights with such
frenzied aggression that
a killing blow can land at
any moment.

If the unmodified hit roll
for an attack made with one
of this champion’s melee
weapons is 6, double the
Damage characteristic of
that weapon for that attack.

2

Berserk Charge: The fires

of wrath rage most fiercely
when combat first begins.

3

Fuelled by Blood: Bathed in

gore, this champion bellows
with new found streng th.

You can re-roll hit rolls
for attacks made by this
champion if they have
made a charge move in the
same turn.

At the end of the combat
phase, if any enemy
models were slain by this
champion’s
attacks in that
combat phase, you can heal
up to D3 wounds allocated
to this champion.

EXALTED REWARDS OF KHORNE TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Wrathful Aura: The unholy

rage emanating from this
champion overrides all sense
of self-preservation.

2

Gift of Immortal Strength:

The crushing power of
this champion’s attacks is
terrify ing to behold.

Do not take battleshock tests
for friendly units while they
are wholly within 12" of
this champion.

Add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of this
champion’s melee weapons.

3

Boon of Blood: Khorne

fur thers the killing sprees of
those he deems worthy.

Once per battle, at the start
of your hero phase, you
receive 1 Blood Tithe point.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

94

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Blades of Khorne warscrolls, warscroll battalions and judgement of Khorne warscrolls.
Updated April 2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication
date or no publication date.

Blood Legion

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOOD LEGION

Khorne’s daemonic legions are monstrously efficient forces that crush all before them in a storm of gore-splattered
carnage. With every skull taken and every foe torn to gory shreds, the inferno of the daemons’ destructive rage is
stoked anew, further anchoring their essence to the realms.

ORGANISATION

A Blood Legion consists of the
following warscroll battalions:

•

•

Blood Host (pg 97)

3-7 Murderhosts, Bloodthunder
Stampedes, Tyrants of Blood,
Blood Hunts, Gorethunder
Cohorts, Charnel Hosts or
Skullseeker Hosts (pg 96-97) in
any combination

ABILITIES

Skulls for the Skull Throne:

Daemons of Khorne are masters of
decapitation, delighting above all in
the claiming of skulls.

When units from this battalion
use their Decapitating Blow ability,
it inflicts a mortal wound on an
unmodified wound roll of 5+
instead of 6.


PAGEBREAK
Murderhost

WARSCROLL BATTALION

MURDERHOST

95

ORGANISATION

A Murderhost consists of the following units:

•

•

1 BLOODLETTER HERO

3-8 units of Bloodletters, Flesh Hounds,
Bloodcrushers, or Skull Cannons in
any combination

ABILITIES
Insatiable Bloodlust: The Murderhost’s desire for
bloodshed can never truly be leashed – once battle is
joined, they heed only their primal urge to maim and kill.

Add 2 to run and charge rolls for units from this
battalion while they are wholly within 16" of a
BLOODLETTER HERO from the same battalion.

Bloodthunder Stampede

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOODTHUNDER STAMPEDE

ORGANISATION

A Bloodthunder Stampede consists of the
following units:

•

•

1 Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne

3-8 units of Bloodcrushers

ABILITIES
Obliterating Charge: The earth shatters under the metal
hooves of a Bloodthunder Stampede, a wall of living brass
that crushes all before it.

The Murderous Charge and Slaughterous Charge abilities
used by units from this battalion automatically inflict
mortal wounds after a model finishes a charge move,
instead of inflicting mortal wounds on a roll of 2+.


PAGEBREAK
Tyrants of Blood

96

WARSCROLL BATTALION

TYRANTS OF BLOOD

ORGANISATION

A Tyrants of Blood battalion consists of the
following units:

•

3-8 BLOODTHIRSTERS

Blood Hunt

ABILITIES
Fierce Rivals: When Khorne’s Greater Daemons gather
for war, there is only rivalry and hostility between them.

After a model from this battalion has fought in the
combat phase for the first time, you can pick another
model from the same battalion that has not yet fought in
that combat phase and is within 3" of any enemy units.
That model fights immediately, before the opposing
player picks a unit to fight in that combat phase. That
model cannot fight again in that combat phase unless an
ability or spell allows it to fight more than once.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOOD HUNT

ABILITIES
Khorne’s Hunters: Those who have displeased mighty
Khorne are often fated to die beneath the claws and blades
of his Blood Hunt.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made by units from this
battalion that target a HERO.

ORGANISATION

A Blood Hunt consists of the following units:

•

•

•

Karanak

1 Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster

3-8 units of Flesh Hounds or Bloodcrushers in
any combination

Gorethunder Cohort

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GORETHUNDER COHORT

ORGANISATION

A Gorethunder Cohort consists of the following units:

•

•

1 Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne

3-8 units of Skull Cannons

Abilities

The Cannons of Khorne: Many a battle line has

been shattered by the relentless bombardments of a
Gorethunder Cohor t.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons by SKULL CANNONS from this battalion that
are wholly within 12" of a HERALD OF KHORNE ON
BLOOD THRONE from the same battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Blood Host

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOOD HOST

97

ORGANISATION

A Blood Host consists of the following units:

•

•

1 BLOODTHIRSTER

7 or more units of BLOODLETTER HEROES ,

BLOODTHIRSTERS , Bloodletters, Bloodcrushers,
Skull Cannons or Flesh Hounds in any combination

ABILITIES
Cometh the Slaughter : For the daemonic minions of the
Blood God, the harvest of skulls is never-ending.

You can re-roll charge rolls for units from this
battalion while they are wholly within 16" of any
BLOODTHIRSTERS from the same battalion.

Charnel Host

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CHARNEL HOST

ORGANISATION

A Charnel Host consists of the following units:

•

•

•

1 Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fur y

1 Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne

3-8 units of Bloodletters

ABILITIES
Daemon Commander : The Bloodthirsters of the eighth
host serve as battlefield generals of Khorne’s daemonic
legions. Even should they not be in overall command,
their dominion over their lesser kin is absolute.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made with
melee weapons by units from this battalion that are
wholly within 16" of a BLOODTHIRSTER from the
same battalion.

Skullseeker Host

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SKULLSEEKER HOST

ORGANISATION

A Skullseeker Host consists of the following units:

•

•

•

•

1 Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage

1 Herald of Khrone on Blood Throne

2-5 units of Bloodcrushers

1-3 units of Skull Cannons

ABILITIES
Giant Killers: Khorne commands his Skullseeker Hosts to
bring him the heads of monstrous foes so that their skulls
can adorn the wall of the Brass Citadel.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by units
from this battalion that target a MONSTER .


PAGEBREAK
Bloodbound Warhorde

98

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOODBOUND WARHORDE

Massed into a single mighty horde, the Bloodbound surge across the battlefield with blades held high, their rage
and hatred rolling like a tidal wave before them. Swept away in the face of this furious onslaught, the enemy is
hacked and torn apart, their skulls claimed as another bounty for Khorne.

ABILITIES

Endless Slaughter : Wherever

Khorne’s mightiest armies march, the
land floods with gore.

At the start of your turn, you receive
1 Blood Tithe point.

ORGANISATION

A Bloodbound Warhorde consists
of the following units and
warscroll battalions:

•

•

•

•

1 Mighty Lord of Khorne, Lord
of Khorne on Juggernaut, Skarr
Bloodwrath, Korghos Khul or
Valkia the Bloody

Gorechosen

1 Bloodmad Warband (pg 100)

3-7 Bloodmad Warbands,
Bloodforged, Brass Stampedes,
Dark Feasts, Gore Pilgrims,
Red Headsmen, Slaughterborn
or Skulltakes (pg 99-101) in
any combination


PAGEBREAK
Gorechosen

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GORECHOSEN

99

ORGANISATION

A Gorechosen battalion consists of the following units:

ABILITIES

Mightiest of Champions: The Gorechosen are

unquestionable paragons of violence, and constantly vie
with each other to per form greater acts of slaughter.

•

•

1 Exalted Deathbringer

7 Exalted Deathbringers, Aspiring Deathbringers,
Slaughterpriests, Skullgrinders, Bloodstokers or
Bloodsecrators in any combination

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by units from this battalion. In addition, while a
unit from this battalion is wholly within 8" of at least two
other units from the same battalion, add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit.

Brass Stampede

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BRASS STAMPEDE

ORGANISATION

A Brass Stampede consists of the following units:

•

•

0-1 Lords of Khorne on Juggernaut

3-7 units of Mighty Skullcrushers

ABILITIES
Obliterating Charge: Nothing can stop the thunderous
onset of a Brass Stampede once it has scented the blood of
the foe.

The Murderous Charge and Slaughterous Charge abilities
used by units from this battalion automatically inflict
mortal wounds after a model finishes a charge move,
instead of inflicting mortal wounds on a roll of 2+.

Dark Feast

WARSCROLL BATTALION

DARK FEAST

ORGANISATION

A Dark Feast consists of the following units:

ABILITIES
Feeding Frenzy : This force’s Slaughterpriest
incites a
bloodthirsty hunger in the Bloodreavers he commands.

•

•

•

1 Slaughterpriest

1 Bloodstoker

3-6 units of Bloodreavers

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by BLOODREAVERS units from this battalion while
they are wholly within 16" of a SLAUGHTERPRIEST from
the same battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodmad Warband

100

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOODMAD WARBAND

ABILITIES
Frenzied Charge: Hurling themselves into battle with
screams of devotion to Khorne, the Bloodbound hack and
tear at the foe until the ground is slick with gore.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by a unit from this battalion if that unit made a
charge move in the same turn.

ORGANISATION

A Bloodmad Warband consists of the following units:

•

•

•

•

•

1 Aspiring Deathbringer

1 Bloodsecrator

3 units of Blood Warriors

1-2 units of Bloodreavers

1 unit of Skullreapers

Red Headsmen

WARSCROLL BATTALION

RED HEADSMEN

ABILITIES
Slay the Worthy : The blades of the Red Headsmen burn
with the heat of Khorne’s
forge, aiding their quest to win
glory in the Lord of Battle’s
eyes.

Each time an enemy HERO or MONSTER is slain by an
attack made by a unit from this battalion, you receive 1
additional Blood Tithe point.

ORGANISATION

A Red Headsmen battalion consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

1 Aspiring Deathbringer

1 Skullgrinder

3-6 units of Blood Warriors

Skulltake

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SKULLTAKE

ORGANISATION

A Skulltake consists of the following units:

•

•

•

•

1 Bloodstoker

2-3 units of Skullreapers

1-2 units of Khorgoraths

0-2 units of Blood Warriors or Bloodreavers in
any combination

ABILITIES
Reaping Strikes: Driven to frenzied fury by the
Bloodstoker’s
cruel barbed lash, the warriors of a
Skulltake reap heads by the hundred.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack with a melee
weapon made by a unit from this battalion is 6 and that
unit is wholly within 12" of a BLOODSTOKER from the
same battalion, add 1 to the Damage characteristic of
that weapon for that attack.


PAGEBREAK
Slaughterborn

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SLAUGHTERBORN

101

ORGANISATION

A Slaughterborn battalion consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

1 Exalted Deathbringer

2-4 units of Skullreapers

1-3 units of Blood Warriors

ABILITIES
Inured to Bloodshed: So scarred and nerve-damaged
are the brutish bodies of the Slaughterborn that only the
keenest blades will slow their assault.

Worsen the Rend characteristic of melee weapons used
for attacks that target a unit from this battalion by 1 (to a
minimum of 0).

Gore Pilgrims

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GORE PILGRIMS

ABILITIES
Widening the Rift: At the baleful chanting of the Gore
Pilgrims’ Slaughterpriests, a vast breach into Khorne’s
realm rips outwards from their Bloodsecrator’s portal
of skulls.

Add 8" to the range of the Loathsome Sorcery and
Rage of Khorne abilities used by this battalion’s
BLOODSECRATOR while it is wholly within 8" of any
SLAUGHTERPRIESTS from the same battalion.

ORGANISATION

A Gore Pilgrims battalion consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

•

1 Bloodsecrator

2-3 Slaughterpriests

1-2 units of Blood Warriors

1-2 units of Bloodreavers

Bloodforged

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOODFORGED

ORGANISATION

A Bloodforged battalion consists of the
following units:

•

•

•

1 Skullgrinder

2-4 units of Wrathmongers

1-3 units of Blood Warriors

ABILITIES
Feast of Wrath: With vigorous roars, the warrior-smiths
of the Bloodforged set about their gruesome labour.

Immediately after a unit of WRATHMONGERS from this
battalion has fought in your combat phase for the first
time that phase, if that unit is within 3" of any enemy
units and wholly within 8" of a SKULLGRINDER from the
same battalion, that unit can immediately make a pile-in
move and then attack with all of the melee weapons it is
armed with for a second time.


PAGEBREAK
Skarbrand

102

14

8"

10

4+

WARSCROLL

SKARBRAND

A daemonic engine of destruction like no other, Skarbrand car ves a red road of ruin
across the battlefield. His bellowing roars cause the blood to boil in his enemies’ veins,
and his twin axes create a rain of gore with every almighty swing.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Roar of Total Rage

MELEE WEAPONS

Slaughter
Carnage

Range

8"

Range

2"
2"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

DAMAGE TABLE

To Wound

See below

Rend

Damage

To Wound

3+

See below

Rend

-2

Damage

3

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Roar of Total Rage

1
2
3
4
5

Slaughter

5
6
7
8
9

Carnage

5+
4+
3+
2+
1+

DESCRIPTION

Skarbrand is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with Slaughter, Carnage and
a Roar of Total Rage.

Total Carnage: The axe Carnage contains the
trapped soul of a mighty Bloodthirster slain by
Skarbrand, which exacts its catastrophic revenge
on the weapon’s
least fortunate v ictims.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Carnage. Instead, roll a dice. The
target unit suffers 8 mortal wounds if the roll is
equal to or greater than the Carnage value shown
on the damage table above. If the roll is 6, the
target unit suffers 16 mortal wounds instead.

Inescapable Wrath: Though Skarbrand’s wings
are now torn and ragged,
little is safe from
his rampages.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this model.

ABILITIES

Roar of Total Rage: When Skarbrand roars, his
anger breaks the bounds of reason, causing the
blood of those near him to boil in their veins, or
their heads to explode with apocalyptic fury.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with the Roar of Total Rage. Instead, pick
1 enemy unit that is in range of the attack and
roll the number of dice shown on the damage
table above. For each 4+ that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Skarbrand’s Rage: Skarbrand’s

infamous fury
cannot be quenched. Attacking him only serves to
stoke his anger, and his wrath rises to an inferno
whenever violence is denied to him.

From the second battle round,
if this model is on
the battlefield and did not attack in at least one of
the combat phases of the previous battle round,
when you look up a value on this model’s damage
table the model is treated as having suffered
13 wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, BLOODTHIRSTER, KHORNE, MONSTER, HERO, SKARBRAND


PAGEBREAK
103

Driven by incandescent rage, Skarbrand sweeps away foes with every swing of his legendary axes.


PAGEBREAK
104

14

4+

10

Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fury

WARSCROLL

BLOODTHIRSTER

OF UNFETTERED FURY

As the Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fur y stalks forwards, its whip lashing out to strip
flesh from bone, the very earth bleeds beneath its smouldering hooves, causing gouts
of molten rock to incinerate all who dare to oppose the unholy terror before them.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Lash of Khorne

MELEE WEAPONS

Mighty Axe of Khorne

Range

12"

Range

2"

Attacks

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

Rend

-1

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

Damage

D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

10''
9''
8''
7''
6''

Lash of Khorne

4
4
3
3
2

Mighty Axe of Khorne

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fury is a single
model armed with a Lash of Khorne and a
Mighty Axe of Khorne.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Drawn in for the Ki l l: Those not immediately

slain by the lacerations inflicted by a
Bloodthirster’s whip may find themselves ensnared
by its cruel barbs, rendering escape impossible.

At the start of the enemy movement phase, pick
1 enemy unit within 3" of this model. That unit
cannot retreat in that phase.

The Land Rebels: The ground around a
Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fury becomes cracked
and broken beneath its stomping hooves, causing
molten rock to bubble up from deep below.

At the start of your hero phase, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit wholly within 8" of any units
with this ability. On a 5+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Rejoice in the Slaughter : A Bloodthirster of

Unfettered Fury is an unsubtle leader, driving its
subjects into the enemy in great numbers.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of that combat phase friendly KHORNE DAEMON
units wholly within 16" of that model are eligible
to fight in that combat phase if they are within 6"
of an enemy unit instead of 3", and can move an
extra 3" when they pile in.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, BLOODTHIRSTER, KHORNE, MONSTER, HERO,
BLOODTHIRSTER OF UNFETTERED FURY


PAGEBREAK
14

4+

10

Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage

WARSCROLL

BLOODTHIRSTER

OF INSENSATE RAGE

A Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage is a force of supreme carnage upon the battlefield,
charging forwards with horrific momentum to shatter entire formations with the
force of its impact before car v ing a ruinous path through the sur vivors.

MELEE WEAPONS

Great Axe of Khorne

Range

2"

Attacks

To Hit

4+

To Wound

2+

Rend

-2

Damage

D6

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

10''
9''
8''
7''
6''

Great Axe of Khorne

5
5
4
4
3

Outrageous Carnage

4 mortal wounds
3 mortal wounds
2 mortal wounds
1 mortal wound
1 mortal wound

105

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage is a single
model armed with a Great Axe of Khorne.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

COMMAND ABILITIES

Outrageous Carnage: The Great Axe of Khorne

strikes with the boundless rage of the Blood
God himself.

Bloodthirsty Charge: The land quakes as this

mighty Bloodthirster leads its daemon kin into the
inferno of battle.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by this model is 6, each enemy unit within 8" of
this model suffers the number of mortal wounds
shown on the damage table above,
in addition to
any normal damage.

Rage Unbound: Corpses fly as this enraged
daemon collides with the enemy.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
by this model if it made a charge move in the
same turn.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll charge rolls for
friendly KHORNE DAEMON units wholly within
16" of that model when the charge roll is made.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, BLOODTHIRSTER, KHORNE, MONSTER, HERO,
BLOODTHIRSTER OF INSENSATE RAGE


PAGEBREAK
Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster

WARSCROLL

WRATH OF KHORNE

BLOODTHIRSTER

Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirsters are the Lord of Battle’s agents of vengeance, sent to
claim the skulls of those who have offended him. With hellforged weapons and breaths
of purest hellfire they law low their quarry, slicing and melting flesh from bone.

106

14

4+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Hellfire Breath
Bloodflail

MELEE WEAPONS

Mighty Axe of Khorne

Range

8"
12"

Range

2"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

10''
9''
8''
7''
6''

Bloodflail

6
3
3
D3
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster is a single
model armed with Hellfire Breath, a Bloodflail
and a Mighty Axe of Khorne.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Hellfire Breath: Spewing flame from its maw,
the daemon incinerates nearby foes,
leaving only
charred skeletons behind.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Hellfire Breath. Instead, pick
an enemy unit that is in range of the attack
and roll a dice. On a 2+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Relentless Hunter : Those unfortunate enough
to have earned Khorne’s
ire tend to be renowned
champions of their people – the daemon sent
to exact the Lord of Battle’s vengeance is well
accustomed to slaying their kind.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
model that target a HERO or MONSTER .

Rune-crown of Khorne: Gifted only to the most

exalted denizens of the Blood God’s realm, rune-
crowns emanate a potent anti-magical aura.

This model can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase as if it were a WIZARD. In
addition, add 2 to unbinding rolls for this model.
In addition, this model can attempt
to dispel one
endless spell at the start of your hero phase in the
same manner as a WIZARD.

To Wound

Rend

Damage

See below

3+

-1

To Wound

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

Mighty Axe of Khorne

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

COMMAND ABILITIES

Lord of the Blood Hunt: Like the sounding of

a great brazen horn, this Bloodthirster’s
roar launches a murderous blood hunt.

furious

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
KHORNE DAEMON unit wholly within 16" of a
friendly model with this command ability. Until
the end of the phase you can re-roll hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, BLOODTHIRSTER, KHORNE, MONSTER, HERO,
WRATH OF KHORNE BLOODTHIRSTER


PAGEBREAK
Skulltaker

WARSCROLL

SKULLTAKER

Skulltaker is Khorne’s immortal champion and the greatest of all Bloodletters. Ever
seeking worthy skulls for his master, he scans the battlefield for the enemy ’s greatest
champion, bellowing his challenge before moving in to end yet another storied life.

5

5"

10

4+

107

MELEE WEAPONS

The Slayer Sword

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

3

DESCRIPTION

Skulltaker is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with the Slayer Sword.

ABILITIES

Cloak of Sku l ls: Many a would-be death blow has
ricocheted harmlessly off Skulltaker’s
grisly pelt
of trophies.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this model.

Decapitating Strike: There are few weapons so

feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with the Slayer Sword is 6, that attack inflicts 3
mortal wounds on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Heroes’ Bane: When faced with a worthy
opponent, Skulltaker unleashes his full
mar tial might.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made by this model that target a HERO .

COMMAND ABILITIES

Heads Must Roll: Skulltaker is the greatest of all
Bloodletters, and his mastery of death-dealing sets
a grisly example for all of his kind to follow.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BLOODLETTERS unit wholly within 12" of a
friendly model with this command ability. Until
the end of that phase, you can re-roll wound rolls
of 1 for attacks made by that unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, BLOODLETTER, KHORNE, HERO, HERALD OF KHORNE, SKULLTAKER

5

8"

10

4+

Karanak

WARSCROLL

KARANAK

Ever watchful, ever hungry, Karanak is the physical manifestation of the Blood God’s
wrathfu l vengeance. Once he has the scent of his quarry, this tireless hunter w i l l not
cease in his hunt until he tastes their torn flesh between his fangs.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gore-slick Claws
Three Savage Maws

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4
6

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

Karanak is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with Gore-slick Claws and
Three Savage Maws.

ABILITIES

Unflagging Hunter : Karanak bounds towards
the foe, hungry for the taste of living flesh.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this model.

Brass Collar of Bloody Vengeance: Wizards

tremble wherever Karanak prowls.

This model can attempt

to unbind one spell in

the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this model can attempt
to dispel one endless spell at the start of your
hero phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.
If this model successfully unbinds a spell or
dispels an endless spell, the caster suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Prey of the Blood God: Karanak is a tireless

hunter, hungering for his chosen quarry’s flesh.

After armies are set up, but before the first battle
round begins, pick 1 enemy HERO to be this
model’s quarry. You can re-roll hit and wound
rolls for attacks made by this model that target
that HERO .

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, KHORNE, HERO, FLESH HOUND, KARANAK

Cal l of the Hunt: With a primal call, Karanak
summons slathering Flesh Hounds to the feast.

Once per game, during the hero phase, you
can summon 1 unit of 5 Flesh Hounds to the
battlefield and add it to your army if this model
is within 8" of its quarr y (see Prey of the Blood
God, left). The summoned unit must be set up
wholly within 8" of this model and more than
9" from any enemy units. The summoned unit
cannot move in the following movement phase.


PAGEBREAK
108

2

8"

10

5+

Flesh Hounds

WARSCROLL

FLESH HOUNDS

Swift, strong, and tenacious beyond mortal reason, Flesh Hounds run their prey to the
ground without mercy. Those who seek to trick or destroy these daemonic beasts with
sorcery find their powers flickering to nothing, extinguished by the wrath of Khorne.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Burning Roar

MELEE WEAPONS

Blood-dark Claws

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

4

To Hit

2+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

Unflagging Hunters: When blood is scented,
nothing will keep a Flesh Hound from its prey.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Flesh Hounds has any number of
models, each armed with Blood-dark Claws.

GORE HOUNDS: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Gore Hound. That model is
armed with a Burning Roar in addition to its
other weapons.

ABILITIES

Collars of Khorne: Spellcasters have learned to
dread Flesh Hounds as much for their collars as
for their claws.

This unit can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this unit can attempt
to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD. Add 1
to unbinding and dispelling rolls for this unit
while it contains 10 or more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, KHORNE, FLESH HOUNDS

Skullmaster Herald of Khorne

WARSCROLL

6

8"

10

4+

SKULLMASTER

HERALD OF KHORNE

The war cr y of the Skullmaster rings out over the thunderous hoof-beats of its ironclad
steed moments before it slams into the foe with titanic force. Armour buck les, flesh
tears, bones shatter and blood falls like rain as the Herald exults in the carnage.

MELEE WEAPONS

Blade of Blood
Brazen Hooves

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4
3

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne is a single
model armed with a Blade of Blood.

Slaughter and Ruin: Skullmasters descend upon
the enemy with the wrath of the Blood God himself.

MOUNT: This model’s Juggernaut attacks with
its Brazen Hooves.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
model if it made a charge move in the same turn.

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Blade of Blood is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Slaughterous Charge: The crushing mass and

stamping hooves of Khorne’s
threat
to all in their path.

Juggernauts are a

After this model makes a charge move, you
can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of it and roll
a dice. On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, BLOODLETTER, KHORNE, HERO, HERALD OF KHORNE, SKULLMASTER


PAGEBREAK
5

5"

10

4+

Bloodmaster Herald of Khorne

WARSCROLL

BLOODMASTER

HERALD OF KHORNE

Each swing of the Bloodmaster’s blade opens throats and splits torsos, while truly
worthy victims find their heads severed from their bodies. Around the Herald, the
Bloodletters of Khorne fight all the harder, driven to a frenzy by his murderous aura.

MELEE WEAPONS

Blade of Blood

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

109

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne is a single
model armed with a Blade of Blood.

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Blade of Blood is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

The Blood Must Flow : Rallied by this Herald’s
bloody example, Khorne’s
lesser daemons leap
into combat.

In the combat phase, after this unit has fought
in that combat phase for the first time, you can
pick 1 friendly BLOODLETTER unit that is wholly
within 12" of this model and is within 3" of an
enemy unit, and which has not yet fought in
that combat phase. The unit you pick must fight
immediately,
instead of being picked to fight later
in that combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, BLOODLETTER, KHORNE, HERO, HERALD OF KHORNE, BLOODMASTER

1

5"

10

5+

Bloodletters

WARSCROLL

BLOODLETTERS

Beneath unholy icons and bloodsoaked banners, letting loose roaring battle cries and
terrifying blasts from brazen horns, the Bloodletters of Khorne surge forwards in a
writhing tide of corded muscle and hellforged swords to maim and slaughter their foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Hellblade

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bloodletters has any number of models,
each armed with a Hellblade.

BLOODREAPER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Bloodreaper. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Hellblade.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 10 models

in this unit can either be a Bloodsoaked Banner
Bearer or Gore-drenched Icon Bearer.

Bloodsoaked Banner : You can re-roll charge
rolls for this unit while it includes any
Bloodsoaked Banner Bearers.

Gore-drenched Icon: If an unmodified

battleshock roll of 1 is made for this unit while
it includes any Gore-drenched Icon Bearers, you
can add D6 models to this unit, and no models
from this unit wi l l flee in that phase.

HORNBLOWERS: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. While this unit
includes any Hornblowers,
if the unmodified
roll for a battleshock test for an enemy unit that
is within 8" of this unit is 1, that battleshock test
must be re-rolled.

ABILITIES

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Hellblade is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Murderous Tide: Massed Bloodletters will surge
forth to rain a thunderstorm of blows upon the foe.

You can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this
unit while this unit has at least 20 models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, KHORNE, BLOODLETTERS


PAGEBREAK
110

4

8"

10

4+

Bloodcrushers

WARSCROLL

BLOODCRUSHERS

The ground shakes beneath the onrushing fur y of the Bloodcrushers, and with the
force of a falling mountain they crash into the enemy. Those not crushed beneath the
Juggernauts’ hooves are slain by the swinging hellblades of the beasts’ riders.

MELEE WEAPONS

Hellblade
Brazen Hooves

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
3

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bloodcrushers has any number of
models, each armed with a Hellblade.

MOUNTS: This unit’s
their Brazen Hooves.

Juggernauts attack with

BLOODHUNTER: 1 model in this unit is a
Bloodhunter. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Hellblade.

ICON BEARERS: 1 in every 3 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. If an unmodified
battleshock roll of 1 is made for this unit while it
includes any Icon Bearers, you can add 1 model
to this unit, and no models from this unit wi l l
flee in that phase.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 3 models in this
unit can be a Hornblower. While this unit
includes any Hornblowers,
if the unmodified
roll for a battleshock test for an enemy unit that
is within 8" of this unit is 1, that battleshock test
must be re-rolled.

ABILITIES

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Hellblade is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Murderous Charge: The crushing mass and
stamping hooves of Khorne’s
Juggernauts are a
threat
to all in their path.

After a model in this unit makes a charge
move, you can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of
that model and roll a dice. On a 2+ that enemy
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. If this unit has
more than 1 model, roll to determine if mortal
wounds are inflicted after each model completes
its charge move, but do not allocate the mortal
wounds until after all of the models in the unit
have moved. If this unit has 6 or more models
when it makes a charge move, change the mortal
wounds inflicted by this ability from 1 to D3.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, BLOODLETTER, KHORNE, BLOODCRUSHERS


PAGEBREAK
Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne

WARSCROLL

HERALD OF KHORNE ON

BLOOD THRONE

The Blood Throne roars into battle with its monstrous maw gaping wide, hungr y for
mortal flesh. Atop its dais, the Rendmaster bellows commands to his foot soldiers as
he and his charioteers cut down any foes foolish enough to approach.

7

8"

10

4+

111

MELEE WEAPONS

Blade of Blood
Hellblades
Gnashing Maw

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

4
2
1

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-1

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne is a single
model armed with a Blade of Blood.

MOUNT: This model’s Blood Throne attacks
with its Gnashing Maw.

CREW: This model has a Bloodletter crew that
attack with their Hellblades. For rules purposes,
the crew are treated in the same manner as
a mount.

Abilities

The Blood Throne: The throne upon which this
Herald stands brings with it the full weight of
Khorne’s authority.

When this model uses the At the Double,
Forward to Victory or Inspiring Presence
command ability,
the ability has a range of 12"
even if this model is not a general.

Gorefeast: The Blood Throne’s dark vitality
increases with each mouthful of enemy flesh
and bone.

If any wounds are inflicted by this model’s
Gnashing Maw and not negated, you can heal up
to D3 wounds allocated to this model.

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Blade of Blood or Hellblades is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, KHORNE, BLOODLETTER, HERO, HERALD OF KHORNE, HERALD OF KHORNE ON
BLOOD THRONE

7

8"

10

4+

Skull Cannons

WARSCROLL

SKULL CANNONS

The hideous war machines known as Skull Cannons vomit forth barrages of skulls
amidst blasts of sulphurous smoke and flame, their macabre ordnance screaming
through the skies before exploding with murderous fur y amongst the enemy ranks.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Burning Sku l ls

MELEE WEAPONS

Hellblades
Gnashing Maw

Range

30"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

D6

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Skull Cannons has any number of
models, each armed with Burning Skulls and a
Gnashing Maw.

CREW: This model has a Bloodletter crew that
attack with their Hellblades. For rules purposes,
the crew are treated in the same manner as
a mount.

ABILITIES

Burning Skulls: Foes massed together offer an
easy target for a Skull Cannon’s flaming projectiles.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
unit’s Burning Skulls if the target unit contains
10 or more models.

Grind their Bones, Seize their Sku l ls: Enemies

seized by a Skull Cannon’s
jaws are used to power
the infernal machine,
their skulls taken and used
as fiery munitions.

After this unit attacks for the first time in each
combat phase, if any enemy models were slain by
this unit’s attacks, this unit can attack with all of
the missile weapons it is armed with.

Decapitating Blow : There are few weapons so
feared as the hellforged blades of the Bloodletters.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Hellblades is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, BLOODLETTER, KHORNE, SKULL CANNONS


PAGEBREAK
112

6

5"

9

3+

Korghos Khul

WARSCROLL

KORGHOS KHUL

Warlord of the legendary Goretide, Korghos Khul is rightly feared across the Mortal
Realms. His campaigns of conquest and slaughter have earned him many boons from
Khorne, principal amongst them the enormous Flesh Hound that fights by his side.

MELEE WEAPONS

Axe of Khorne
Claws and Fangs

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
4

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

Korghos Khul is a named character that is
a single model. He is armed with an Axe
of Khorne.

COMPANION: Korghos Khul is accompanied
by Grizzlemaw, who attacks with its Claws and
Fangs. For rules purposes, Grizzlemaw is treated
in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Favoured of Khorne: Khul swings his deadly axe
assured of the Blood God’s blessing.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by
this model.

Aqshy ’s Bane: Not content

to be feared for his
past conquests, Khul embraces combat more
eagerly than any other seasoned general.

This model is eligible to fight in the combat phase
if it is within 8" of an enemy unit instead of 3",
and can move an extra 5" when it piles in.

Collar of Khorne: Grizzlemaw’s

spiked collar has
dashed the designs of many sorcerous foes.

This model can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this model can attempt
to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

Reality-splitting Axe: With a thunderous boom

the Axe of Khorne cleaves a rent in the fabric
of reality, hurling the victim into the Blood
God’s realm.

At the end of any phase, if any wounds inflicted
by this model’s Axe of Khorne in that phase were
allocated to an enemy model and not negated,
and that enemy model has not been slain, roll a
dice. On a 5+ that enemy model is slain.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Lord of the Goretide: Khul’s

indomitable will
has led his Bloodbound Warhorde to greatness,
and all his warriors are hungry to please him.

You can use this command ability at the
start of the charge phase. If you do so, pick a
friendly model with this command ability that
is a general. Until the end of that phase, you
can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by
friendly GORETIDE units wholly within 16" of
that model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, GORETIDE, HERO, MIGHTY LORD OF KHORNE,
KORGHOS KHUL


PAGEBREAK
5

5"

9

4+

Skarr Bloodwrath

WARSCROLL

SKARR BLOODWRATH

113

In battle, Skarr Bloodwrath is a terrify ing maelstrom of carnage. His Bloodstorm
Blades whip around him like extensions of his furious w i l l, and even should he fall, he
rises again from the spilt blood of his victims, his axes held ready for vengeance.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bloodstorm Blades

Range

3"

Attacks

See below

To Hit

2+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Skarr Bloodwrath is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with
Bloodstorm Blades.

ABILITIES

Slaughterstorm: Swinging the Bloodstorm Blades
in wide arcs, Skarr Bloodwrath claims countless
skulls for his master.

The Attacks characteristic of this model’s
Bloodstorm Blades is either 5, or equal to the
number of enemy models within 3" of this model
when the number of attacks made with the
weapon is determined (whichever is higher).

The Slaughterborn: Skarr Bloodwrath has been
killed on battlefields beyond count, but each time
he has been reborn amidst the clash of blades and
the screams of the dying.

At the end of the movement phase, if this model
has been slain, roll 2D6. On an 8+ you can set
up this model anywhere on the battlefield more
than 9" from any enemy units, with all wounds
allocated to it removed.

COMMAND ABILITY

Murderous Paragon: To Wrathmongers, Skarr
Bloodwrath is an exemplar of mindless carnage,
and like him they fight to the death hoping to be
reborn to kill again.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
WRATHMONGERS unit wholly within 12" of
a friendly model with this command ability.
Until the end of that phase, if a model from that
unit is slain, before that model is removed from
play,
that model can make a pile-in move and
then attack with all of the melee weapons it is
armed with.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, SKARR BLOODWRATH

5

12"

9

3+

Valkia the Bloody

WARSCROLL

VALKIA THE BLOODY

Soaring upon the blazing winds of war, Valkia the Bloody awaits the worthiest of foes
before plunging into battle with her mighty spear Slaupnir levelled. With her comes
the Blood God’s judgement, for wherever Valkia goes, the eye of Khorne follows.

MELEE WEAPONS

Slaupnir

Range

2"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Valkia the Bloody is a named character that is a
single model. She is armed with Slaupnir.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

The Gaze of Khorne: Khorne’s gaze follows
Valkia closely ; the Blood God’s warriors strive all
the harder to please him when she is nearby,
lest
he deem them unworthy.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for friendly
KHORNE MORTAL units wholly within 16" of this
model. However,
if you do so and that unit still
fails the battleshock test after the re-roll has been

made, add D3 to the number of models that flee.

COMMAND ABILITY

The Spear Slaupnir : Valkia’s

great spear is at its
deadliest as she descends from the sky to strike at
her target’s hear t.

Slaupnir has a Damage characteristic of D3
instead of 1 if this model made a charge move in
the same turn.

Daemonshield: Adorned with the head of a
Daemon Prince who was foolish enough to earn
Valkia’s
ire, this shield is a power ful relic.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons that target this model.

On Bloodstained Wings: No airborne foes are

safe when Valkia takes wing, and her swooping
shadow fills her sky faring prey with dread.

You can use this command ability in the hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy unit that can
fly and is within 16" of a friendly model with
this command ability. Until the end of that turn,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by that
unit. You cannot pick the same unit to benefit
from this command ability more than once per
hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, VALKIA THE BLOODY


PAGEBREAK
Mighty Lord of Khorne

WARSCROLL

114

6

5"

9

3+

MIGHTY LORD OF KHORNE

Foes fall before the Mighty Lord of Khorne like wheat before a sc ythe. As his axe howls
through the air its blade tears reality asunder, and at the lord’s bellowed command,
his warriors redouble their efforts to slaughter their foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Axe of Khorne
Blood-dark Claws

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
4

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Mighty Lord of Khorne is a single model
armed with an Axe of Khorne.

COMPANION: A Mighty Lord of Khorne is
accompanied by a Flesh Hound that attacks with
its Blood-dark Claws. For rules purposes, it is
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Collar of Khorne: Spellcasters have learned to
dread Flesh Hounds as much for their collars as
for their claws.

This model can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this model can attempt
to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

Reality-splitting Axe: With a thunderous boom

the Axe of Khorne cleaves a rent in the fabric
of reality, hurling the victim into the Blood
God’s realm.

At the end of any phase, if any wounds inflicted
by the Axe of Khorne in that phase were
allocated to an enemy model and not negated,
and that enemy model has not been slain, roll a

dice. On a 5+ that enemy model is slain.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Gorelord: Axe held aloft, this warlord orders his
fighters forwards like hunting hounds unleashed.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the charge phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll charge rolls for
friendly KHORNE MORTAL units wholly within
16" of that model when the charge roll is made.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, MIGHTY LORD OF KHORNE

Bloodsecrator

5

4"

9

3+

WARSCROLL

BLOODSECRATOR

Howling in rage, the Bloodsecrator hacks and smashes his way through the foe with
his icon of Khorne held high. This grim standard channels the wrathful energies of the
Blood God’s domain, infusing the Bloodbound and undoing sorcerous works.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ensorcelled Axe

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodsecrator is a single model armed with an
Ensorcelled Axe.

ABILITIES

Loathsome Sorcer y : Khorne’s hatred of

sorcery roils forth from the icons carried by his
Bloodsecrators, filling any spellcasters nearby
with dread.

Re-roll successful casting rolls for WIZARDS
within 16" of this model, before any unbinding
rolls are made.

Rage of Khorne: A fiery gateway opens above the
Bloodsecrator’s
icon, flooding the battlefield with
the violent energies of Khorne’s hellish domain.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by friendly KHORNE units while
they are wholly within 16" of any models with
this ability.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, TOTEM, BLOODSECRATOR


PAGEBREAK
8

8"

9

3+

Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut

WARSCROLL

LORD OF KHORNE

ON JUGGERNAUT

Already a terrifying opponent in his own right, a Khornate lord astride a Juggernaut is
an unstoppable force of destruction. Foes are crushed or hacked apart in seconds, while
the sheer momentum of his ruinous charge draws his warriors howling in his wake.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wrathforged Axe
Brazen Hooves

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
3

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3
1

115

DESCRIPTION

A Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut is a single model
armed with a Wrathforged Axe.

MOUNT: This model’s Juggernaut of Khorne
attacks with its Brazen Hooves.

ABILITIES

Brass-clad Shield: This brazen shield can turn
aside spells that would slay champions.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model that was inflicted
by a spell. On a 5+ that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

Slaughterous Charge: The crushing mass and

stamping hooves of Khorne’s
threat
to all in their path.

Juggernauts are a

After this model makes a charge move, you
can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of it and roll
a dice. On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Daemonic Axe: When its rage is stirred, the
daemon bound within this axe awakens.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack
made by this model’s Wrathforged Axe is 6, the
Damage characteristic for that attack is 3 instead
of D3.

COMMAND ABILITY

Blood Stampede: Carnage erupts as the full force
of a Khorne Warhorde collides with the enemy.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase. If you do so, pick up to 3
friendly KHORNE MORTAL units that made a
charge move in that turn and are wholly within
16" of a model with this command ability. You
can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by
those units in that combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, LORD OF KHORNE ON JUGGERNAUT

Already granted immense powers by the Blood God, a Lord of Khorne must lead his forces on ever more bloodthirsty
conquests to attain the final gift of immortal daemonhood.


PAGEBREAK
116

6

6"

8

5+

Slaughterpriest

WARSCROLL

SLAUGHTERPRIEST

Towering, brutal demagogues, Slaughterpriests are living beacons of the Lord of Battle’s
power. These foul priests direct their comrades according to visions sent by Khorne
himself, boil their enemies’ blood in their veins and drive the foe mad with battle-lust.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bloodbathed Axe
Hackblade
Wrath-hammer

Range

2"
1"
3"

Attacks

3
3
D3

To Hit

4+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
4+

Rend

-
-
-

Damage

2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Slaughterpriest is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon
options: Bloodbathed Axe; or Hackblade
and Wrath-hammer.

ABILITIES

Scorn of Sorcer y : Slaughterpriests share their
god’s hatred of sorcery and those who use it.

This model can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this model can attempt
to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

Bloodfuelled Prayers: His eyes crazed and

bloodshot,
the Slaughterpriest snarls dark curses
that channel
the wrath of Khorne.

In your hero phase, this model can chant one of
the following prayers. If it does so, pick one of
the prayers and then make a prayer roll by rolling
a dice. On a 1, this model suffers D3 mortal
wounds and the prayer is not answered. On a 2-3,
the prayer is not answered. On a 4+ the prayer
is answered.

Blood Boil: If this prayer is answered, pick 1
enemy unit within 16" of the model chanting this
prayer. That unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Blood Bind: If this prayer is answered, pick 1
enemy unit within 16" of the model chanting this
prayer and not within 3" of any friendly units.
Your opponent must move that unit a number
of inches equal to the prayer roll. The first model
to be moved from that unit must finish the move
as close as possible to the closest unit from the
chanting model’s army. Any remaining models
in that unit must finish their move within 1" of
a model from their unit that has already been
moved, and as close as possible to the closest unit
from the chanting model’s army.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, PRIEST, SLAUGHTERPRIEST


PAGEBREAK
Skullgrinder

WARSCROLL

5

5"

8

4+

SKULLGRINDER

117

Trailing sulphurous flame, the chained anvil of the Skullgrinder roars through the
air like a dark mockery of Sigmar’s twin-tailed comet. The Khornate smith swings his
mighty weapon in wide arcs, shattering armour, pulping flesh and smashing bone.

MELEE WEAPONS

Brazen Anv i l

Range

2"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

Rend

-1

Damage

3

DESCRIPTION

A Skullgrinder is a single model armed with a
Brazen Anvi l.

ABILITIES

Fiery Anv i l: The searing impact of a brazen anvil
has vanquished many formidable foes, swung
for a final death-strike even when its blows were
thought escaped.

At the end of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO or MONSTER within 2" of this
model and roll a dice. On a 2+ that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Favoured by Khorne: The bloody arcs of gore
that surround a Skullgrinder in battle are an
inspiration to all who seek Khorne’s approval.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
KHORNE MORTAL units wholly within 12" of any
friendly models with this ability.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, SKULLGRINDER

Aspiring Deathbringer

WARSCROLL

5

5"

7

4+

ASPIRING DEATHBRINGER

Through constant battle and unremitting slaughter, an Aspiring Deathbringer fights
his way to glory. Even as his axe bites through flesh, the fell champion screams the Blood
God’s praise, urging the Bloodbound to overrun the enemy and carve them apart.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bloodaxe
Wrath-hammer
Goreaxe
Sku l lhammer

Range

1"
3"
1"
3"

Attacks

3
D3
3
3

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+
3+

Rend

-
-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

An Aspiring Deathbringer is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Bloodaxe and Wrath-hammer ; or Goreaxe
and Skullhammer.

ABILITIES

Bane of Cowards: Nothing infuriates this
champion more than foes too cowardly to fight.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within 3"

of this model, add D3 to the number of models
that flee.

COMMAND ABILITY

Slaughter Incarnate: Even as his axe bites

through the flesh of his foes, the fell champion
screams the Blood God’s praise, urging the
Bloodbound to overrun the enemy and carve them
apar t in the name of Khorne.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick a friendly

model with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of melee weapons used by friendly KHORNE
MORTAL units while they are wholly within 12"
of that model. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than
once per hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, ASPIRING DEATHBRINGER


PAGEBREAK
Exalted Deathbringer

WARSCROLL

118

5

5"

8

4+

EXALTED DEATHBRINGER

Exalted Deathbringers fight to scale the final heights of glory, hewing bloody handholds
for their ascent with every worthy foe they butcher. Each is a whirlwind of violence
amidst the madness of battle, leaving nothing but twitching corpses in their wake.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ruinous Axe
Bloodbite Axe
Impaling Spear

Range

1"
1"
2"

Attacks

3
6
5

To Hit

4+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

2
1
1

COMMAND ABILITIES

Brutal Command: Deathbringers will not
tolerate cowardice from any quarter, and enforce
discipline by whatever bloody means necessary.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the battleshock phase. If you do so, pick a
friendly model with this command ability. Until
the end of that phase, you do not have to take
battleshock tests for friendly KHORNE MORTAL
units that are wholly within 18" of that model.

DESCRIPTION

An Exalted Deathbringer is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Ruinous Axe and Skullgouger ; Bloodbite Axe
and Runemarked Shield; or Impaling Spear.

ABILITIES

Blooded Lieutenant: Glory is best earned within
sight of the mighty, and opportunity best seized
within sight of their defeat.

If this model is not your general, add 2 to the
Attacks characteristic of this model’s melee
weapons while it is wholly within 12" of a
friendly KHORNE general.

Runemarked Shield: Magic’s

craven hand recoils
from this shield’s battle-worn sur face.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to a model armed with a
Runemarked Shield that was inflicted by a spell.
On a 2+ that wound or mortal wound is negated.

Skullgouger : This bladed vambrace can turn aside
enemy attacks and deliver brutal counterblows.

In the combat phase, if the unmodified save roll
for an attack that targets a model armed with
a Skullgouger is 6, the attacking unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Brutal Impalement: With well-aimed thrusts of
an impaling spear, an Exalted Deathbringer can
skewer his victim and raise them into the air as a
gory, helpless trophy.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with an Impaling Spear is 6, that attack inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on the target in addition to
any normal damage.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, EXALTED DEATHBRINGER


PAGEBREAK
Bloodstoker

5

6"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

BLOODSTOKER

119

Every whip-crack of the Bloodstoker’s expertly plied lash builds the battle-frenzy of
those around him, their screams of hatred and fur y echoing across the battlefield as
they hurl themselves at the foe with wrathfu l abandon.

MELEE WEAPONS

Torture Blade
Blood Whip

Range

1"
3"

Attacks

3
3

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodstoker is a single model armed with a
Torture Blade and Blood Whip.

ABILITIES

Whipped to Fur y : The ferocious bite of a
Bloodstoker’s
lash reminds every Khorne follower
of the bloody dues their master expects.

At the start of your movement phase, you can
pick 1 other friendly KHORNE MORTAL unit
wholly within 8" of this model. Until your next
movement phase, you can add 3" to run and
charge rolls made for that unit. In addition,
until your next movement phase you can re-roll
wound rolls for attacks made by that unit. A
unit cannot be picked to benefit from this ability
more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, HERO, BLOODSTOKER

Blood Warriors

2

5"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

BLOOD WARRIORS

Smashing their way through the maelstrom of battle, Blood Warriors roar incoherent
curses as they hack and bludgeon their foes to ruin. Such is their dedication to Khorne
that they continue to fight even after suffering wounds that would fell lesser men.

MELEE WEAPONS

Goreaxe(s)
Goreglaive

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Blood Warriors has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: a pair of Goreaxes;
or Goreaxe and Gorefist. 1 in every 10 models
can replace the unit’s weapon option with
a Goreglaive.

CHAOS CHAMPION: 1 model in this unit can
be a Chaos Champion. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Goreaxe(s).

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Icon Bearers.

ABILITIES

No Respite: Dying as they lived, Blood Warriors
devote even their final moments to killing.

If a model from this unit is slain in the combat
phase, before that model is removed from
play,
that model can make a pile-in move and
then attack with all of the melee weapons it is
armed with.

Goreaxes: There is little escape from the vicious
edges of two goreaxes.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with a pair of Goreaxes.

Gorefists: A counter-punch from a brutally
spiked gorefist has spelled doom for countless
overconfident
foes.

If an unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets a unit that
includes any models armed with a Goreaxe and
Gorefist is 6, the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal
wound after all of its attacks have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, BLOOD WARRIORS


PAGEBREAK
120

1

6"

5

6+

Bloodreavers

WARSCROLL

BLOODREAVERS

Descending upon their foes in a howling tide, the barbarous hordes of the Bloodreavers
sweep away the enemy. Each of their number is a frothing killer, their body thick with
slabs of muscle and their heavy weapons able to dismember foes with every swing.

MELEE WEAPONS

Reaver Blades
Meatripper Axe

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Bloodreavers has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Reaver Blades; or
Meatripper Axe.

CHIEFTAIN: 1 model in this unit can be a
Chieftain. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapons.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Icon Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to run
and charge rolls for this unit while it includes
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES

Reaver Blades: In the hands of blood-hungry
killers, even the crudest cutting weapons are
brutally efficient.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with Reaver Blades.

Frenzied Devotion: The sight of the Blood

God’s
sacred icons stirs Bloodreavers
murderous rage.

into a

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons while this unit is wholly within
16" of any friendly KHORNE TOTEMS .

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, BLOODREAVERS

Garrek’s Reavers

1

6"

6

6+

WARSCROLL

GARREK’S REAVERS

Even amongst the pitiless hordes of the Goretide, the Bloodreavers led by Garrek
Gorebeard are known for their cruelty and deranged ferocity. It is said that Garrek
personally guts and skins any of his warriors who fail to take a worthy trophy in battle.

MELEE WEAPONS

Garrek’s Blooddrinker Axe
Karsus’ Chained Axe
Saek’s Meatripper Axe
Reaver Blades

Range

1"
2"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
D3
1
1

To Hit

3+
4+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

This unit contains 5 models: Garrek Gorebeard,
who is armed with a Blooddrinker Axe; Karsus
the Chained, who is armed with a Chained Axe;
Blooded Saek, who is armed with a Meatripper
Axe; and Targor and Arnulf, who are both armed
with Reaver Blades.

GARREK GOREBEARD: If the unmodified

hit roll for an attack made with Garrek
Gorebeard’s Blooddrinker Axe is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target and the

attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

ABILITIES

Frenzied Devotion: The sight of the Blood

God’s
sacred icons stirs Bloodreavers
murderous rage.

into a

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons while this unit is wholly within
16" of any friendly KHORNE TOTEMS .

Reaver Blades: In the hands of blood-hungry
killers, even the crudest cutting weapons are
brutally efficient.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with Reaver Blades.

Grisly Trophies: Garrek delights in brandishing
grim souvenirs to stoke his warriors’ bloodlust.

Do not take a battleshock test for this unit if any
enemy models were slain by attacks made by this
unit’s Garrek Gorebeard earlier in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, GORETIDE, BLOODREAVERS, GARREK’S REAVERS


PAGEBREAK
2

5"

6

4+

Magore’s Fiends

WARSCROLL

MAGORE’S FIENDS

121

Magore Redhand leads his band of killers on an endless hunt for worthy skulls. In
return for his prodigious offerings Khorne has blessed the Blood Warrior with profane
gifts, including a daemonic maw in his gut that can bite through even sigmarite.

MELEE WEAPONS

Magore’s Belly Maw
Magore’s Daemonic Axe
Goreaxe

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
3
2

To Hit

4+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

D3
1
1

DESCRIPTION

This unit contains 3 models: Magore Redhand,
who is armed with a Daemonic Axe and a Belly
Maw ; and Ghartok Flayskull and Zharkus
the Bloodsighted, who are both armed with a
Goreaxe and Gorefist.

MAGORE REDHAND: You can re-roll hit
rolls for attacks made by this unit that target
STORMCAST ETERNAL units while this unit
includes Magore Redhand.

ABILITIES

Gorefists: A counter-punch from a brutally
spiked Gorefist has spelled doom for countless
over-confident
foes.

If an unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets a unit that
includes any models armed with a Goreaxe and
Gorefist is 6, the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal
wound after all of its attacks have been resolved.

No Respite: Dying as they lived, Blood Warriors
devote even their final moments to killing.

If a model from this unit is slain in the combat
phase, before that model is removed from
play,
that model can make a pile-in move and
then attack with all of the melee weapons it is
armed with.

Blood Scent: The Flesh Hound Riptooth leads
Magore and his Blood Warriors
in pursuit of
worthy foes,
jaws frothing with bloody drool as he
bounds tirelessly after his quarry.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit
while it is wholly within 8" of a friendly

RIPTOOTH model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, GORETIDE, BLOOD WARRIORS, MAGORE’S FIENDS

2

8"

10

5+

Riptooth

WARSCROLL

RIPTOOTH

Perhaps the greatest of the Lord of Battle’s gifts to Magore Redhand is the Flesh
Hound Riptooth. A vicious hunter and loyal companion, he has chased down his
master’s prey and warded off enemy sorcery on battlefields beyond count.

MELEE WEAPONS

Blood-dark Claws

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Riptooth is a single model. He tears his victims
to pieces with his Blood-dark Claws.

Unflagging Hunter : When blood is scented,
nothing will keep a Flesh Hound from its prey.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this model.

ABILITIES

Collar of Khorne: Spellcasters have learned to
dread Flesh Hounds as much for their collars as
for their claws.

This unit can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase in the same manner as a
WIZARD. In addition, this unit can attempt
to
dispel one endless spell at the start of your hero
phase in the same manner as a WIZARD.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, KHORNE, GORETIDE, FLESH HOUND, RIPTOOTH


PAGEBREAK
122

3

5"

7

5+

Wrathmongers

WARSCROLL

WRATHMONGERS

With the chained hammers of their flails whipping around them, the Wrathmongers
hurl themselves into the enemy. A bloody red mist hangs around these berserkers as
they go about their butchery, driving combatants into a maddened frenzy.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wrath-flails

Range

2"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Wrathmongers has any number of
models, each armed with Wrath-flails.

WRATHMASTER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Wrathmaster. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Wrath-flails.

ABILITIES

Furious Assault: Skulls crack and shields
buckle beneath the unstoppable momentum of a
Wrathmonger
charge.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
it made a charge move in the same turn.

Bloodfur y : When they are finally struck down,
the maddening blood vapour that surrounds
Wrathmongers plunges their foes into a
self-destructive rage.

If a model in this unit is slain, before it is
removed from play roll a dice for each enemy
unit within 1" of that model. Add 1 to the dice
roll if 2 or more models from that enemy unit
are within 1" of the slain model. On a 1, nothing
happens. On a 2-5, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound after all of its attacks have been
resolved. On a 6+ that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, WRATHMONGERS

Crimson Haze: A vapour of blood and gore fills
the air wherever Wrathmongers
swing their flails,
sending the Lord of Battle’s devotees into an
exultant rampage.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of KHORNE
units while they are wholly within 8" of any
units with this ability. This ability has no effect

on WRATHMONGERS .

Mighty Skullcrushers

WARSCROLL

5

8"

6

3+

MIGHTY SKULLCRUSHERS

The ground shakes beneath pounding Juggernaut hooves as the Mighty Skullcrushers
ride into battle. Foes are smashed aside by the impact of the charge, and any survivors
are soon reduced to piles of gore by the riders’ axes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ensorcelled Axe
Bloodglaive
Brazen Hooves

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
3
3

To Hit

3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Mighty Skullcrushers has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Ensorcelled Axe;
or Bloodglaive.

MOUNTS: This unit’s Juggernauts attack with
their Brazen Hooves.

SKULLHUNTER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Skullhunter. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s melee weapons.

STANDARD BEARER: 1 in every 3 models

in this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 2 to
the Bravery characteristic of this unit while it
includes any Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 3 models in this
unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to run and
charge rolls made for this unit while it includes
any Hornblowers.

ABILITIES

Murderous Charge: The crushing mass and
stamping hooves of Khorne’s
Juggernauts are a
threat to all in their path.

After a model in this unit makes a charge
move, you can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of
that model and roll a dice. On a 2+ that enemy
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. If this unit has
more than 1 model, roll to determine if mortal
wounds are inflicted after each model completes
its charge move, but do not allocate the mortal
wounds until after all of the models in the unit
have moved. If this unit has 6 or more models
when it makes a charge move, change the mortal
wounds inflicted by this ability from 1 to D3.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, MIGHTY SKULLCRUSHERS


PAGEBREAK
Skullreapers

WARSCROLL

3

5"

7

4+

SKULLREAPERS

123

It is the sworn task of the Skullreapers to claim worthy skulls for Khorne, and it is a
duty they go about with savage determination. Whether wielding gore-slick blades or
the huge axes known as spinecleavers, these warriors decimate the enemy ranks.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Gore-slick Blades, Daemonblades,
Spinecleavers and Soultearers

Vicious Mutation

1"

1"

4

1

3+

3+

3+

4+

-

-1

1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Skullreapers has any number of
models, armed with a combination of Gore-
slick Blades, Daemonblades, Spinecleavers
and Soultearers.

SKULLSEEKER: 1 model in this unit is a
Skullseeker. That model is armed with a Vicious
Mutation in addition to its other weapons.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in this unit
can be an Icon Bearer. Add 1 to charge rolls for
this unit while it includes any Icon Bearers.

ABILITIES

Daemonforged Weapons: Gnashing teeth

and leering eyes writhe across the Skullreapers’
weapons, revealing the malevolent entities
trapped within.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this unit’s Gore-slick Blades, Daemonblades,
Spinecleavers and Soultearers is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

Trial of Sku l ls: Risking utter damnation for
a taste of true power, Skullreapers fight with
manic determination.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
unit if the target unit has 5 or more models.

Murderous to the Last: Skullreapers do not

fear death, but they are determined not to
breathe their last while there are worthy skulls to
be harvested.

Do not take battleshock tests for this unit. In
addition, roll a dice each time a model from
this unit is slain by an attack made with a melee
weapon, before that model is removed from play.
On a 5+ pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of the slain
model. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds after
all of its attacks have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, SKULLREAPERS


PAGEBREAK
Scyla Anfingrimm

WARSCROLL

SCYLA ANFINGRIMM

124

8

5+

8"

9

Ferocity made flesh and blood, Scyla Anfingrimm is a terrifying foe who knows nothing
of fear or mercy. His monstrous strength is enough to tear a Dracoth in two, and
sorcery can gain no purchase upon his form, for his collar radiates Khorne’s hatred.

MELEE WEAPONS

Brutal Fists
Serpentine Tail

Range

2"
3"

Attacks

2D6
2

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

Scyla Anfingrimm is a named character that is a
single model. He is armed with Brutal Fists and a
Serpentine Tail.

ABILITIES

Brass Collar of Khorne: Like all great gifts of the
Blood God, the spiked collar that encircles Scyla’s
neck is anathema to magic.

This model can attempt
to unbind one spell in
the enemy hero phase as if it were a WIZARD. In
addition, this model can attempt
to dispel one

endless spell at the start of your hero phase in the
same manner as a WIZARD.

Raging Fur y : Where frailer beasts may fade when
wounded, spilling Scyla’s blood serves only to raise
him to greater heights of fury.

When rolling to determine the Attacks
characteristic of this model’s Brutal Fists, add 1
to the roll for each wound allocated to this model
that was not negated and has not been healed.

Bestial Leap: Scyla’s bestial
form is capable
of great leaps that take him over the heads of
lesser foes.

This model is eligible to fight in the combat phase
if it is within 8" of an enemy unit instead of 3",
and can move an extra 5" when it piles in.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, SCYLA ANFINGRIMM

Khorgoraths

8

4+

6"

6

WARSCROLL

KHORGORATHS

All know to fear the Khorgoraths of Khorne. Rampaging super-predators with an
endless hunger for skulls, they are utterly fearless and almost impossible to k i l l, and
smash through the enemy with no thought for anything but indiscriminate slaughter.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Bone Tentacles

MELEE WEAPONS

Claws and Fangs

Range

6"

Range

1"

Attacks

3

Attacks

5

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Khorgoraths has any number of
models, each armed with Bone Tentacles and
Claws and Fangs.

ABILITIES

Horrific Predators: Khorgoraths are nightmarish
beasts, given form only to harvest skulls.

Add 1 to battleshock rolls for units that had any
models slain by attacks made by KHORGORATHS
in the same turn.

Taker of Heads: Swallowing the skulls of their
victims breathes a tw isted sustenance into the
Khorgoraths’ brutish bodies.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by this unit’s attacks in that
combat phase, you can heal 1 wound allocated to
this unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, KHORNE, BLOODBOUND, KHORGORATHS


PAGEBREAK
Hexgorger Skulls

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE WARSCROLL

HEXGORGER SKULLS

125

Hexgorger Skulls are the physical manifestation of Khorne’s hatred of the arcane
arts. They drift across the battlefield, seeking to feed upon eldritch energy and those
conjurers who attempt to use it.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Hexgorger Skulls is a single Judgement of Khorne
that consists of two models. If it is removed from
play, remove both models.

Compelled by Hate: Hexgorger Skulls levitate
above the battlefield, hunting tirelessly for their
eldritch prey.

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE

Summon Hexgorger Sku l ls: With harsh invective

and vows of violence against sorcerers, a Khornate
priest causes the Blood God’s will to manifest.

KHORNE PRIEST can attempt

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly
to perform this
judgement. If they do so, make a judgement roll
by rolling a dice. On a 3+ the judgement roll is
successful. If the judgement roll is successful,
set up both Hexgorger Skull models within
6" of each other and wholly within 8" of that

KHORNE PRIEST .

When this judgement is set up, the player who
set it up can immediately make a move with it. In
addition, at the start of each of their subsequent
hero phases, the player who set this judgement
up can make a move with it if it is still on the
battlefield. When you move this judgement,
it
can move up to 8" and can fly. Both models from
this judgement must finish any move within 6" of
each other.

Hexgorgers: Hexgorger Skulls exist purely to
destroy magic. Hunting in tandem, they feed upon
the arcane knowledge of their prey, regurgitating
the powers they consume as jets of boiling blood
whose touch is death to wizard-kind.

Subtract 2 from casting rolls for WIZARDS while
they are within 12" of any Hexgorger Skulls
models. In addition, if a WIZARD attempts to
cast a spell while it is within 12" of both models
from the same Hexgorger Skulls Judgement of
Khorne, and the casting roll is an unmodified 8,
then that casting attempt
is not successful, that
WIZARD no longer knows that spell, and each
WIZARD within 12" of that Judgement of Khorne
suffers D6 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE, HEXGORGER SKULLS

Bleeding Icon

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE WARSCROLL

BLEEDING ICON

A common sight in the crimson skies above Khorne’s domain in the Realm of Chaos,
a Bleeding Icon can be summoned to the Mortal Realms to skewer from on high those
who have displeased the Lord of Battle.

DESCRIPTION

A Bleeding Icon is a single model.

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE

Summon Bleeding Icon: With bellowed

condemnations of the cowardly and the weak, the
Khornate priest draws a Bleeding Icon through the
veil that separates realities.

KHORNE PRIEST can attempt

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly
to perform this
judgement. If they do so, make a judgement roll
by rolling a dice. On a 4+ the judgement roll is
successful. If the judgement roll is successful,
set up this model wholly within 8" of that

KHORNE PRIEST .

ABILITIES

Drifting Menace: Glowing red-hot with Khorne’s
fury, this brutal sigil is compelled across the
battlefield with supernatural
force.

When this judgement is set up, the player who
set it up can immediately make a move with it. In
addition, at the start of each of their subsequent
hero phases, the player who set this judgement
up can make a move with it if it is still on the
battlefield. When you move this judgement,
it
can move up to 8" and can fly.

Crushing Retribution: The bloodied spikes of

this judgement pulverise those beneath them with
the crushing weight of a por tcullis.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other
unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its move,
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Sigil of Doom: Shedding gore as it hovers
menacingly in the air,
the Bleeding Icon is a
fearsome por tent of doom.

If a unit fails a battleshock test within 3" of any
models with this ability, add D3 to the number
of models that flee. This ability has no effect on
KHORNE units.

KEYWORDS

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE, BLEEDING ICON


PAGEBREAK
126

Wrath-Axe

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE WARSCROLL

WRATH-AXE

A Wrath-Axe is a manifestation of Khorne’s otherworldly anger,
its razor-sharp edges
glowing red-hot from the Blood God’s rage. At signs of weakness or w izardr y such a
blazing axe appears in the air, splitting reality with its downwards stroke.

DESCRIPTION

A Wrath-axe is a single model.

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE

Summon Wrath-axe: Should their fury be worthy
of the Blood God’s
favour, a Khornate priest can
draw a fiery Wrath-Axe to the Mortal Realms.

KHORNE PRIEST can attempt

At the start of your hero phase, 1 friendly
to perform this
judgement. If they do so, make a judgement roll
by rolling a dice. On a 5+ the judgement roll is
successful. If the judgement roll is successful,
set up this model wholly within 8" of that

KHORNE PRIEST .

ABILITIES

Flung With Fur y : Forged from pure rancour, a
Wrath-axe is Khorne’s hatred incarnate.

When this judgement is set up, the player who
set it up can immediately make a move with it. In
addition, at the start of each of their subsequent
hero phases, the player who set this judgement
up can make a move with it if it is still on the
battlefield. When you move this judgement,
it
can move up to 8" and can fly.

Hatred’s Edge: This supernatural blade scrapes
across the ground,
its razor edge cutting in half
those too slow to get out of its way. It then rises in
the air before smashing down with deadly force
upon Khorne’s
enemies.

After this model has moved, roll a dice for each
unit that has any models it passed across. On
a 2+ that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. Then
the player that set up this model picks 1 enemy
unit within 3" of this model and rolls a dice (the
enemy unit may be one that this model passed
across). On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

Reality Cleaved: The brutal cutting edge of this
infernal axe tears at the very fabric of the Mortal
Realms, sending senses reeling.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
units within 3" of this model. This ability has no
effect on KHORNE units.

KEYWORDS

JUDGEMENT OF KHORNE, WRATH-AXE

From atop a Skull Altar,

the frenzied chanting of a Slaughterpriest calls down judgements of Khorne – manifestations of the
Blood God that smite the foe and undo their sorceries.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll battalions
in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a minimum-sized
unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger units are taken in multiples
of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their size. If a unit has two
points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum sized unit. Units that are listed
as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that has any of the keywords listed
on the Allies table on its warscroll can be taken as an allied unit by a Khorne army. Updated April 2019; the profiles
printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

127

BLADES OF KHORNE

UNIT

Skull Cannons
Bloodletters
Bloodreavers
Blood Warriors
Aspiring Deathbringer
Bloodmaster, Herald of Khorne
Bloodsecrator
Bloodstoker
Exalted Deathbringer
Herald of Khorne on Blood Throne
Karanak
Korghos Khul
Lord of Khorne on Juggernaut
Mighty Lord of Khorne
Scyla Anfingr imm
Skarr Bloodwrath
Skullgrinder
Skullmaster, Herald of Khorne
Skulltaker
Slaughterpriest
Valkia the Bloody
Bloodthirster of Insensate Rage
Bloodthirster of Unfettered Fur y
Skarbrand
Wrath of Khorne Bloodthirster

Bloodcrushers

Flesh Hounds
Khorgoraths

Mighty Skullcrushers

Skullreapers
Wrathmongers

Garrek’s Reavers

Riptooth

Magore’s Fiends

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Ar t i l ler y
Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

1
10
10
5
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

3

5
1

3

5
5

5

1

3

3
30
40
30
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

12

20
6

12

20
20

5

1

3

140
110/300
70/240
100/520
80
80
140
80
80
120
140
180
160
140
100
120
80
120
120
100
120
280
300
400
320

140

100
100

180

180
140

60

40

80

Unique
Unique

Unique
Unique

Unique

Unique

Unique

Battleline in Khorne army
if general is a Skullmaster,
Herald of Khorne
Battleline in Khorne army

Battleline in Khorne army if
general is a Lord of Khorne
on Juggernaut

Only one of this unit can be
included in a Pitched
Battle army
Only one of this unit can
be included in a Pitched
Battle army. Cannot be
taken unless your army also
includes Magore’s Fiends
Only one of this unit can
be included in a Pitched
Battle army. Cannot be
taken unless your army also
includes Riptooth


PAGEBREAK
128

BLADES OF KHORNE

UNIT

Blood Host
Blood Hunt
Blood Legion
Bloodbound Warhorde
Bloodforged
Bloodmad Warband
Bloodthunder Stampede
Brass Stampede
Charnel Host
Dark Feast
Gore Pilgrims
The Gorechosen
Gorethunder Cohor t
Murderhost
Red Headsmen
Skullseeker Host
Skulltake
Slaughterborn
Tyrants of Blood
Skull Altar
Bleeding Icon
Hexgorger Skulls
Wrath-Axe

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

180
120
120
150
120
160
140
140
140
110
140
110
120
160
120
120
140
180
140
0
40
40
60

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Scenery
Judgement of Khorne
Judgement of Khorne
Judgement of Khorne

CHAOS

Khorne

ALLIES

Beasts of Chaos, Everchosen, Monsters of Chaos, Nurgle, Slaves to Darkness. SLAANESH units
cannot be taken as allies for a Khorne army.


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

The Bad Moon is rising on the Mortal Realms – and the grots are marching to war. This battletome allows you
to field an army of Gloomspite Gitz – a coalition of Moonclan Grots, Spiderfang Grots, troggoths and gargants
united by a love hallucinogenic fungus and heinous violence.

WHAT’S NEXT?

129


PAGEBREAK
