
PAGEBREAK
From the maelstrom of a sundered world, the Eight Realms
were born. The formless and the divine exploded into life.
Strange, new worlds appeared in the firmament, each one
gilded with spirits, gods and men. Noblest of the gods was
Sigmar. For years beyond reckoning he illuminated the
realms, wreathed in light and majesty as he carved out his
reign. His strength was the power of thunder. His wisdom
was infinite. Mortal and immortal alike kneeled before his
lofty throne. Great empires rose and, for a while, treachery
was banished. Sigmar claimed the land and sky as his own
and ruled over a glorious age of myth.

But cruelty is tenacious. As had been foreseen, the great
alliance of gods and men tore itself apart. Myth and legend
crumbled into Chaos. Darkness flooded the realms. Torture,
slavery and fear replaced the glory that came before. Sigmar
turned his back on the mortal kingdoms, disgusted by their
fate. He fixed his gaze instead on the remains of the world he
had lost long ago, brooding over its charred core, searching
endlessly for a sign of hope. And then, in the dark heat of
his rage, he caught a glimpse of something magnificent. He
pictured a weapon born of the heavens. A beacon powerful
enough to pierce the endless night. An army hewn from
everything he had lost. Sigmar set his artisans to work and
for long ages they toiled, striving to harness the power of the
stars. As Sigmar’s great work neared completion, he turned
back to the realms and saw that the dominion of Chaos was
almost complete. The hour for vengeance had come. Finally,
with lightning blazing across his brow, he stepped forth to
unleash his creation.

The Age of Sigmar had begun.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

DAUGHTERS
OF KHAINE .......................................4

IN THE NAME
OF KHAINE ......................................46

Dancing with Shadows ...........................6

Of Aelf-Souls and Empires .....................8

The Age of Chaos ...................................10

The Blood Must Flow ............................12

War Covens of the Khainites ...............14

Temples of Blood....................................16

Morathi ....................................................19

Queens and Cauldrons .........................20

Witch Aelves ...........................................22

Sisters of Slaughter .................................23

Bloodwrack Sorceresses ........................24

Melusai

...................................................25

Doomfire Warlocks ...............................26

Khinerai Harpies ...................................27

Forces of Khaine ....................................48

The Temples of Khaine .........................49

Allegiance Abilities ...............................50

Lore of Shadows .....................................54

Prayers of the Khainite Cult ................55

Hagg Nar .................................................56

Draichi Ganeth ......................................57

The Kraith ...............................................58

Khailebron ..............................................59

Battleplan: The Altar of War ................60

Path to Glory Campaigns .....................62

Daughters of Khaine

Warband Tables .....................................64

Daughters of Khaine Tactics ................66

THE WAR COVENS
OF KHAINE ......................................28

The Disciples of Hagg Nar ....................40

Painting Your Daughters of Khaine . . . . .42

WARSCROLLS ..................................68

War Coven of Morathi ..........................70

Cauldron Guard .....................................71

Slaughter Troupe ....................................72

Temple Nest ............................................73

Shadow Patrol .........................................74

Shadowhammer Compact ....................75

Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine .........76

Morathi, the Shadow Queen ................77

Hag Queen ..............................................78

Slaughter Queen.....................................78

Avatar of Khaine ....................................79

Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood . . . . . .80

Witch Aelves ...........................................81

Sisters of Slaughter .................................81

Slaughter Queen on

Cauldron of Blood .................................82

Bloodwrack Shrine ................................84

Blood Sisters ...........................................85

Blood Stalkers .........................................85

Bloodwrack Medusa ..............................86

Doomfire Warlocks ...............................86

Khinerai Heartrenders .........................87

Khinerai Lifetakers ................................87

Pitched Battle Profiles ...........................88

WHAT ’S NEXT? ................................89

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Order Battletome: Daughters of Khaine © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2018. Order Battletome: Daughters of Khaine, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome,
Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games
Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying, recording or otherwise,
without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult super vision.

Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-306-1

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
Morathi’s true form is revealed in all its terrible glory as she exacts her vengeance upon the daemons of Slaanesh.


PAGEBREAK
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

They crave battle and seek power through bloodshed, honouring their deity with every kill. Even their
closest allies shudder to witness the gory rituals that renew and reinvigorate these graceful murderers.
They are the Daughters of Khaine, and to cross blades with them is to invite death.

The Daughters of Khaine move
with quicksilver speed, carving into
enemies like a whirlwind of steel. As
blades flash, the she-aelves shed their
visage of cold and distant beauty,
their ecstatic faces alight with each
fresh kill. To them the clash of arms
is the height of their religion, holy
rites practised and perfected with all
the considerable skill and grace of
aelf-kind. As blood is spilled, shrill
dedications to Khaine ring out, and
with each gore-splattered offering
the Daughters rapturously grow
in power and fury. In their frenzy,
Khaine’s worshippers are closest
to their divinity,
invigorated by his
iron-hearted spirit and insatiable
bloodlust. True to their merciless god,
the Daughters of Khaine continue the
slaughter until every last foe has fallen.

Khaine, the ancient aelven god of
battle and bloodshed, was said to have
been destroyed by the Chaos Gods
– a claim vehemently denied by the
matriarchal aelf cult. Indeed, to speak
such heresy is a crime punishable by
death – a sentence the militant order
prosecutes with extreme zeal.

have built shrines to Khaine in nearly
all of the great settlements founded
since the coming of the Age of Sigmar,
although each of the rival sects names
the seminal temple-city of Hagg
Nar as the capital of their violent
creed. As battle pilgrimages march
in chanting procession to the aid of
the forces of Order,
the power of the
Khainites continues to grow. A single
person stands behind the unlikely
revitalisation of a fallen people, and
the promulgation of a fading religion:
the infamous Morathi.

A living legend who predates the Age
of Myth, Morathi
is an aelven sorceress
whose eldritch mastery rivals that
of the gods. Her past is interwoven
with countless schemes and falls from
grace, and no few tales are told of her
otherworldly beauty and fierce temper.
Many know Morathi as the mother of
Malerion, a being of immense power
who has risen to immortality. It is a
path Morathi herself seeks to emulate
at any cost, and she has dedicated
herself as never before to leading
and growing the cult of Khaine with
unmatched fervour.

For ages, aelves of any kind were
difficult to find, yet hidden within the
shadowy realm of Ulgu the Daughters
of Khaine flourished. With Sigmar’s
re-opening of Azyr the growing cult
has spread still further. The Daughters

The Daughters of Khaine are a
mysterious order, hated by their
enemies and misunderstood or even
feared by their allies. However, none
that have fought beside them would
ever deny that the Daughters of

Khaine were not staunch enemies of
Chaos. When Alarielle, Queen of the
Sylvaneth, called for aid to reclaim her
realm of Ghyran from the diseased
grip of Nurgle’s plague legions, none
answered the call to battle with
more zeal than did the Daughters of
Khaine. It is not the corrupted alone
that feel the Daughters’ wrath, for
countless foes and monsters have
fallen before their blades. When the
orruks of Grokhold threatened the
newly raised city of Kurnothea,
it
was the Daughters of Khaine that
stood shoulder to shoulder with the
Stormcast Eternals to safeguard the
burgeoning civilisation.

Yet despite their heroics, the savage
Daughters have won little trust. Claims
of extreme savagery and allegations
of gruesome rituals and snake-bodied
mutants give pause to even their most
ardent supporters. Perhaps it is true
that all is not as it seems with the
Daughters of Khaine…

‘In mine hand is the power
and the might. None may
withstand me. By the Will
of Khaine I will bathe in the
blood of my enemies.’

- Mantra of the Blood Promise


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
DANCING WITH SHADOWS

Nurtured in secrecy behind veils of shadow, the Daughters of Khaine have expanded from a small
murder-cult of aelves clinging to an ancient religion to a developing power. In those earliest of days
the cult – like Morathi herself – seemed doomed to dwindle, or to disappear altogether.

Both allies and foes seek to learn more
about the Daughters of Khaine, for
even those that fight alongside them
have scant understanding of the cult,
their practices or their unforgiving
god. Such is not surprising, for this is a
tale that traces its origins to Ulgu, the
Realm of Shadows. It is a land of mists
and misdirection, a place where lies
and illusion hang as heavily as fog.

Morathi awoke early in the Age of
Myth. After being captured in a
nightmare she found herself hurtling
downwards through grey clouds. Her
descent from heights unknown ended
in an explosion of steam as Morathi
impacted the Umbralic Sea. Only her
mastery of magic saved the sorceress,
who found herself alone in a conjured
sphere of protection, bobbing on the
surface of a dismal ocean.

Morathi made landfall upon the barren
shores of the Hellezar region in Ulgu.
How long she wandered she did not
recall, for after an age of torment it
took time before Morathi’s mind once
more became her own. When at last
she knew herself, Morathi began to tap
into the arcane energies that permeate
the Realm of Shadow. A master of dark
sorcery, Morathi was naturally adept
at wielding this new force. She needed
it, for there was a time when she had
traded blood sacrifices to Khaine in
order to maintain her youthful vigour

and appearance, yet such offerings had
ceased to work. And while Morathi’s
mind had teetered back into a fragile
sanity, her body had not – her form
was no longer aelven but that of some
misshapen serpentine monster. It
was reminiscent of Chaos and her
tormentor, and such thoughts caused
the sorceress anguish and self-loathing.

Desperate for companionship, Morathi
found only gloom. Using her magics,
she conjured forth spirits from the
hidden places – mist elementals and
shadow daemons. Morathi could not
tell how much time she spent in the
company of these entities, but with
them she explored the wide expanses
of those mysterious lands. She travelled
all thirteen of the vast regions of Ulgu,
uncovering innumerable secrets.
During all her journeys Morathi
encountered many creatures, yet she
met none of her own kind.

As Morathi struggled to forget the
past, the horror experienced by other
creatures upon meeting her was a
constant reminder of her ugliness that
wormed its way deep into her soul.
Bitter were Morathi’s tears, for vanity
had ever been her greatest failing. By
bending the illusionary and shape-
shifting magics of shadow to her will,
and using the secrets whispered by
her shadow daemon lovers, Morathi
attempted to regain her old form. She

swallowed coils of penumbral magic
and transformed to a semblance of
her previous incarnation. However,
when rage or passion overcame her,
this visage was lost, and Morathi would
writhe once more into the grotesque
serpentine shape of her nightmares.

It was in her aelven form that her path
crossed that of her son, Malerion. No
joy came from the reunion of mother
and child, for each held too many
recriminations to ever forgive the other.
Furthermore, Morathi was beside
herself with jealousy, for Malerion was
imbued with immense power. That he
had gained immortality and an even
greater affinity with the shadows than
Morathi was only too apparent. Despite
their mutual misgivings, each sought to
join forces in hopes of finding others of
aelf-kind in these new lands. So it was
that when Sigmar’s journeys brought
him to Ulgu, he found Malerion and
Morathi working together.

‘For the blood to speak it must
first flow. Ten cuts is better than
one, save for the deft slash that
opens an artery. For almighty
Khaine, let your blade drink
deeply, and often…’

- The Red Invocation


PAGEBREAK
Morathi and Malerion had used their
magics to raise up a great citadel – the
foundations of Druchiroth, the ruling
seat for the largest of the thirteen
kingdoms of Ulgu. Sigmar aided them
and, in turn, they joined his Great
Alliance – a growing pantheon that
united many disparate gods, titanic
beasts and beings of great power. In
this way Morathi and Malerion helped
bring civilisation to each of the Mortal
Realms, fostering cities and teaching
the arcane arts to primitive peoples.
Few aelves were discovered, however,
and most of these settled in Azyrheim,
the Celestial City.

During their time with the Great
Alliance neither Malerion nor Morathi
were fully trusted, though where her
son drew praise for his help, Morathi
was shunned. While Tyrion and Teclis
– the rulers of Light – found common
cause with Malerion, neither would
deign to work alongside one whom
they considered tainted. Rumours
persisted that Morathi had willingly
given herself to the Chaos God
Slaanesh. Morathi refused to answer
questions about her past, including
how she had managed to escape her
bondage and came to be in Ulgu.

Where once her charms allowed
Morathi to manipulate others, her new
attempts to entrance were rebuffed.
Some, such as Sigmar, simply brushed
aside her advances, but Nagash
detected her spells of seduction and
took great offense, striking her down.
In the rage that followed, all saw her
serpentine form for the first time,
and she fled in shame. It was a blow
Morathi would never forgive nor forget.

So Morathi left the Great Alliance and
sought to establish her own dwellings
in Ulgu. Malerion cruelly rejected her
suggestion of splitting the rule of the
Thirteen Dominions, for he claimed
all the Shadowlands as his own. Her
protests were met with scorn until, as
either a jest or a plot to rid himself of
her, Malerion granted his mother a
small parcel of land in the middle of
the Umbral Veil. This was perhaps the
darkest and most impenetrable of all
regions, and none save himself had ever
returned from those cloying mists with
their sanity intact. In this, Malerion
underestimated his mother. Morathi
bent the shadows into a protective
shroud around her new land. Her
only followers were the aelven witch-
cults that maintained their worship of
Khaine. To ensure their loyalty, Morathi
built a temple to Khaine, naming it
Hagg Nar, and taught them the secrets
of navigating the murky currents.

Hagg Nar began as a pitiful kingdom,
and Morathi brooded over her mean
existence. She sought power and status,
yet there seemed little opportunity
to gain either. Her followers were
few and clung dogmatically to a faith
that Morathi felt was misplaced – she

believed the old gods dead, for she no
longer felt their power. Yet this nadir
of despair proved a turning point. She
was not going be content to fade away
in a hidden demesne bereft of glory,
nor would she merely manipulate from
behind the throne. She would forsake
her old ways, and rely upon no one
but herself. Morathi did not yet know
how she might gain the power that she
sought, but the beginnings of an answer
came in the form of Malerion. Her son
arrived claiming they had, at last, found
the lost aelf-souls from the world-that-
was, and that they needed Morathi’s aid
in order to save them.

SLAANESH, THE
GREAT ENEMY

The youngest of the four greater
Chaos Gods is the Dark Prince,
Slaanesh, the Lord of Pleasure.
While Slaanesh hungers for the
souls of all mortals, he finds
those of aelves the most enticing.
With their heightened senses and
depth of emotion, aelves have
the greatest capacity for empathy
and discipline, but also therefore
for decadence and depravity.
Following the destruction of
the world-that-was, the Dark
Prince went missing. This was no
accident, for the god had hidden
himself, hoping to digest his
overindulgent feast upon millions
of aelven souls. Alas for the
Dark Prince, he could not hide
from Tzeentch, whose complex
plots ensured that Slaanesh’s
location was revealed by the all-
illuminating light of Teclis.


PAGEBREAK
OF AELF-SOULS AND EMPIRES

Morathi sought followers and power, and through her own works she found both. Even as the
civilisations of the Mortal Realms were threatened at the end of the Age of Myth by the coming of
Chaos, a new force was building strength within the mist-shrouded lands of Ulgu.

It was Teclis who first heard the cries
of tormented aelf-souls. Naught could
remain concealed for long once he
focused his beams of reason. Eager
to reclaim the essences of their lost
kin, the aelven gods Teclis, Tyrion
and Malerion created a plan to lure
Slaanesh out of hiding and into Uhl-
Gysh, the Hidden Gloaming – a no-
place that existed between the realms
of Hysh and Ulgu. So desperate were
the three that they recruited Morathi,
for they needed a balance of light and
shadow magic, and they suspected she
had hidden knowledge of Slaanesh.

Upon seeing her true snake-form,
Teclis had surmised correctly that
Morathi herself had once been trapped
within Slaanesh. That information,
along with the tale of how she escaped
would be needed, for the aelven gods
hoped not only to punish Slaanesh for
what he had done, but also to extract
the swallowed souls that were still
imprisoned within the god.

Reluctantly, Morathi shared her horrific
memories for the first and only time.
She spoke of her suffering and how she
had caused the Dark Prince to vomit
her back into reality. Armed with that
knowledge, arcane preparations were
made on a vast scale, and the energies
of both the Realms of Hysh and Ulgu
were harnessed as never before. The
full tale of the mystical battles that

followed is long and harrowing, but the
end result was this: using themselves
as bait, the aelven gods, Morathi, and
several cabals of sorcerers succeeded
in not only entrapping Slaanesh, but
also in beginning the slow process
of extracting aelven souls from the
Chaos God. The monumental deed
could not have been done without the
aid of Morathi’s sorcery and the vile
wisdoms garnered from her own grim
experience in the god’s belly.

Before long, the freed souls of captured
aelves were being returned, streaming
back into the Mortal Realms. To each
of the aelven gods was given a portion
of the newly liberated souls, and each
in turn reshaped and reformed those
energies as they saw fit. They were not
reincarnations of the aelves of old,

for they could not be, as much had
changed – the gods, their magic and
even the souls themselves. Instead,
new creatures were wrought. In Hysh
luminous beings and angelic creatures
of reason were born, while those
Malerion took to Ulgu were formed
into something darker, something
majestic and terrible at the same time.

In return for her indispensable aid,
Morathi had also demanded a share of
reclaimed souls, for she had promised
to remould that energy into new
warriors of Khaine. The Máthcoir , an
immense iron cauldron, was created – a
place to store Morathi’s newly claimed
energies. There, beneath the temple of
Hagg Nar, Morathi used enchantments,
sacrificial power, raw shadow magic
and her own blood to help whisper into
existence new and suitable forms for
these reclaimed souls. Thus were the
first Melusai and Khinerai born. They
became Morathi’s Handmaidens, and
aided all her new endeavours. They
alone were allowed in the underhall
of Khruthú . All of Hagg Nar was filled
with the sounds of blood rituals to fuel
the temple’s expansion.

Where once Morathi had been
ambivalent about the worship of
Khaine, a new light had dawned upon
her. Now she dedicated herself with
righteous fury to the ancient god.
Indeed, Morathi claimed that the god


PAGEBREAK
of battle, cruelty and murder spoke to
her, naming her as his High Oracle. She
was to be a conduit for Khaine, a leader
that would speak in his voice. Morathi
revealed that Khaine had indeed fought
the Chaos Gods and was broken into
fragments, but was regaining power
thanks to his worshippers. Witch Aelves
were sent to scour the Mortal Realms
for any signs of the shards of Khaine.

Meanwhile, in the Hidden Gloaming,
a slow but steady trickle of souls
was drawn out of the hellish mass
that was the trapped Slaanesh. Not
all the reclamations worked. Teclis’
first enclave, the Idoneth, proved a
disappointment, fleeing all contact
with god or mortal and disappearing.
Several monstrous creatures emerged
from the shadows of Druchiroth and
were quickly covered up by Malerion.
For Morathi, those spirits too weak or
damaged to accept full reconstitution
were destined to become leathanam
– an aelven word for ‘half-soul’. Little
more than slaves, these drones formed a
male working class that served the she-
aelves of the Khainite cults.

Despite these aberrations, the
reclamation of souls from Slaanesh
heralded a new age for all members of
the aelven race, and the Daughters of
Khaine in particular flourished. Within
a few generations they were no longer a
dwindling cult, and they kept growing.
Hagg Nar was built up from a temple-
stronghold to a shrine-filled city and
then a city-state – a Khainite nation
hidden within the mistfields. And still it
was soon overcrowded. New problems
beset Morathi, for it had always been
the way of Khaine that the weak died,

or bowed their knee to the strong. The
aelven males were sufficiently cowed –
indeed, they were made that way – but
rivalries between would-be Hag Queens
flared up as they fought for supremacy
within the Witch Aelf hierarchy. The
maxim of survival of the fittest was fine
to a point, but Morathi did not wish to
see her growing armies tear themselves
apart. Her remedy was to declare more
shard-quests, and then she sent enclaves
to establish entire new temple-colonies.
Such was the word of Khaine, and so it
was commanded.

The beginnings of new sects were
established during this time, each
separatist Hag Queen and her followers
fixating upon some aspect of Khaine’s
worship, such as single combat,
assassination or unchecked slaughter.
Most built their own temples, but some
embarked on an eternal pilgrimage in
honour of Khaine. All still bowed before
the High Oracle, for Morathi spoke with
a voice of iron, and to all Daughters of
Khaine, Morathi’s words were still law,
even as each faction began to forge their
own rituals and identity. Some – like the
Grydd Var or the Redblades – went too
far, and were all but destroyed in what
became known as the Blood Strife.

Although the Daughters of Khaine were
growing in power, not all was well with
the Mortal Realms. While the aelven
gods focused their energies upon their
elaborate trap and the recouping of their
lost kin, Sigmar’s Pantheon of Order
had fractured and wars escalated across
every realm as the forces of Chaos
invaded upon hundreds of different
fronts. So did the Age of Myth collapse
and the Age of Chaos begin.


PAGEBREAK
THE AGE OF CHAOS

The Daughters of Khaine do not seek to secure wealth and allies, for such is not the way of their god.
To them, war is the finest tribute that can be laid before the altars of the bloody-handed deity. With
the rise of Chaos in the Mortal Realms, it was an offering they were able to make ever more frequently.

As Chaos came into the Mortal
Realms, the Daughters of Khaine
marched out from Hagg Nar to
ambush them, using shadowshifting
magics to reach Realmgates from
where they could travel anywhere
the forces of Order needed them.
Although Morathi and her followers
remained distrusted, their aid in
battles across the realms won over
a handful of allies. Beggars could
not be choosers, and few forces,
if
any, were despatched by Malerion,
Tyrion or Teclis to aid the beleaguered
Sigmarites as they fought to stem the
oncoming tides of daemon legions and
corrupted foes that beset them.

The Daughters of Khaine were bold
and fearless in battle – willing to
cross blades with any enemy, no
matter how numerous or monstrous.
Despite heroics by Khainite forces
at many battles, the forces of Order
were in retreat, with entire kingdoms
crumbling. When Sigmar and Nagash
broke their pact to war upon each
other, the Chaos victory was all but
complete. Following the Battle of
Burning Skies, each faction of Order
was left to fend for themselves, and
Sigmar retreated to the Heavens,
locking the Gates of Azyr behind him.
Such momentous events were to usher
in the Age of Chaos.

As the Chaos invasions truly set
about their task of destroying and
enslaving entire civilisations, it was the
Shadowlands of Ulgu that perhaps felt
the least repercussions. Khorne, Nurgle
and Tzeentch all devoted the greater
portion of their forces to different
realms, and the minions that were sent
into Ulgu boasted none of the most
fearful greater daemon commanders.
For many years, the obfuscating mists
of the Shadowlands were enough to
keep most invasions from wreaking
great harm. Gradually, however, the
raiding armies of Chaos became larger
and more powerful, their assaults
stabbing ever more deeply into Ulgu.


PAGEBREAK
Some attacks were made by red reavers
of Khorne or magic-seeking conclaves
of Tzeentch. Most of the deadliest
invaders, however, were the questing
armies of the Dark Prince, who were
being drawn to Ulgu following trails
they alone could scent. They sought
their absent god, and could sense
something of his presence beckoning
them like a siren’s call.

The process of soul extraction in the
Hidden Gloaming was slow, but spells
were in place to ensure the captured
Slaanesh remained fast and undetected.
However, a nefarious factor was also
at play. Unbeknownst to her erstwhile
allies, Morathi had added her own
deceptive magics to the undertaking,
so that the soul division was skewed
slightly out of the agreed proportions,
with a surfeit of spirits siphoned to
Hagg Nar. This subterfuge was subtle,
but slowly,
inevitably, altered the

eldritch balance that kept the Dark
Prince perfectly suspended between
Hysh and Ulgu, trapped between the
realms of light and shadow.

As the entrapped god tilted more
closely to Ulgu, Slaanesh’s most
faithful servants begin to catch a
familiar and much longed-for scent
upon the winds. More and more
questing armies penetrated the
Shadowlands, searching for their lost
god. So began what the aelves of Ulgu
named the Cathtrar Dhule – the War
of Shadows.

For the major battles of the War
of Shadows, Morathi
led the Daughters
of Khaine from the fore. It was she
who cast down the Keeper of Secrets
Glittus and his Legion of Excess, and
the whip-handed Krulla Sha’vhr and
her Flayerhost. Battle was not her
only recourse, however,
for against

the unbeatable six warhosts of the
betentacled Bovaxx the Despoiler,
Morathi’s coven of Medusae
summoned a gaiste-maze – a shadow
labyrinth that still covers part of the
Umbral Veil , a dark cloud in which
those hordes presumably still wander.

Yet
the Daughters of Khaine did not
win every battle, as larger and more-
powerful armies invaded. Morathi
called the first of the Caillich Covens
– the gathering of forces from all
the sects – to stave off defeat from
Luxcious the Keeper, but not until after
the exalted fiend destroyed the Temple
of Druchxar. Luxcious may well have
continued her scouring search of
Ulgu had Sigmar not begun his war to
reclaim the Mortal Realms, drawing
off many Chaos forces. The Cathtrar
Dhule paused, before once more
erupting anew in the bitterly fought
War of the Shadowpaths.


PAGEBREAK
THE BLOOD MUST FLOW

The Daughters of Khaine have carved out their own empire, rising from an obscure cult from days
long gone to an emergent power. They have done so not despite the constant violence, but because of it.
Only conflict can make the strong stronger, for Khaine demands offerings of blood.

THE AGE OF MYTH

A time of gods and legends. In this
shadowy era the foundations of the
Khainite sects are laid.

EXPANSION OF HAGG NAR

Led by Morathi, the Daughters
of Khaine spread outwards from
the temple-city of Hagg Nar. The
High Oracle has stolen the secret of
Malerion’s
shadow-shifting magic,
and those shadowpaths allow swift
travel over the vast distances of Ulgu.
Fighting all manner of foes across all
Thirteen Dominions, the Daughters of
Khaine secretly expand, establishing
dozens of new temples.

THE GREAT CULLING

To purge new lands for settlement,
monsters and orruk tribes are slain,
alongside several clans of men. When
Sigmar comes to avenge his peoples,
Morathi points out that they had been
tainted by Chaos, and that their deaths
were necessary.

THE BLOOD STRIFE

The expansion out of Hagg Nar is not
without growing pains, as each of the
newly formed sects of Khaine seeks
to dominate the others. Unchecked,
natural rivalries descend into open
battle. Morathi allows the civil war to
run its bloody course, and uses it to
weed out the weakest, as well as those
she deems too ambitious.

A POWER TO RIVAL
HAGG NAR

The temple at Ironshard – which will
grow to become the major sect of
Khelt Nar – is founded by Morathi,
overtly because of its surrounding
defensible lies upon the centre of a
powerful spiral of shadow magic.
To clear the surrounding lands, the
shrine’s Daughters of Khaine are forced
to hunt down and kill hundreds of
the most monstrous creatures of the
Shadowlands, as well as dozens of
Bonesplitter tribes. It is a task they
revel in, and which sees Khelt Nar
develop rapidly.

THE FRAGMENTED GOD

Although she secretly knows that she
possesses the only surviving shard
of Khaine, Morathi commands the
god’s followers to hasten his return
to full strength by finding more lost
splinters, and so many war covens are
dispatched on holy missions to scour
the Mortal Realms.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

The Chaos Gods rule the Mortal
Realms. For the Daughters of Khaine,
this is an age of secrecy and battle.

THE BEGINNING OF THE
CATHTRAR DHULE

Although spared the brunt of the Dark
Gods’ attention in the early days of the
Age of Chaos, it is not long before a

true assault upon Ulgu begins. Dozens
of campaigns press inwards, assailing
each of the Thirteen Dominions. The
greatest nemesis of the Daughters of
Khaine is the rapacious greater daemon
Luxcious the Keeper.

THE FIRST CAILLICH COVEN

As the wars of the Cathtrar grow,
Morathi is forced to call the first
Caillich Coven – a summons where
every Khainite temple sends a tithe of
warriors to the High Oracle. Luxcious’
legions are halted at the Battle of
Druchxar – too late, however, to save
the temple of Neff-Taal
from utter
corruption at the hands of Chaos.

THE SKAVEN WARS

The Realm of Shadows holds many
secrets. Following a hidden path
that spirals into a mist-labyrinth,
Morathi seeks to establish a new
colony, but instead discovers a lair of
skaven assassins. So begins a series of
retaliatory strikes that escalate into
the Skaven Wars, a conflict that sees
many Khainite temples raided by the
elusive ratmen. From small, running
skirmishes to vast battles, each side
seeks to uncover and destroy the other’s
secret strongholds.

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

A new era begins. The Daughters of
Khaine emerge from the shadows to
aid the forces of Order, but they do so


PAGEBREAK
only when it best suits their own needs
and nefarious purposes. This is a time
of new expansions, and a time when
the war covens have to suppress or hide
many of their coveted blood rites.

trust the Daughters of Khaine – notably
the Hallowed Knights – while others,
such as the Knights Excelsior, accept
them gladly, even commending the
battle zeal of their new-found allies.

THE STORM OF SIGMAR

Sigmar launches his new war upon
Chaos, beginning with an assault upon
Aqshy, but soon sending his armies to
all the Mortal Realms. Envoys search
Ulgu for Morathi, but her shadow-
spells keep all Khainite temples hidden
from the God-King. When it finally
suits her purpose, the two sides join
forces for the first time at the Battle of
Dolmen Heights.

RAIDERS FROM THE DEEP

In Ghyran, bands of Idoneth Deepkin
emerge from the mists to ambush and
capture a war pilgrimage of the Kraith
that is aiding Alarielle in the War of
Life. Realising there are easier targets,
the mysterious sea-beings attempt to
strike a truce, but as ever the Kraith are
unrelenting. The Kraith pursue their
attackers, plunging headlong into the
mists with their teeth bared.

GROWING ALLIANCES

With the conclusion of Sigmar’s
offensive known as the Realmgate
Wars, the forces of Order have gained
many footholds across the Mortal
Realms. As new cities are founded, the
Khainites become ever more willing to
join with the God-King’s forces in order
to drive back the counter-attacking
armies of Chaos. The Daughters of
Khaine fight in dozens of campaigns
and hundreds of battles alongside these
new allies. Of the different Stormcast
Eternal Stormhosts, some never grow to

Amongst the sylvaneth, those of the
Dreadwood Glade fight most willingly
alongside the war covens. As for the
people of Azyrheim, it is the Scourge
Privateers who most often find common
cause with their distant aelven kindred.
Some battles break out between the
Daughters of Khaine and other factions
of Order – such as the Atrocity at
Excelsis or the three-day war within
Vindicarum – but Morathi is quick
to offer amends and punish the most
egregious of her own forces.

RISE OF DRAICHI GANETH

Draichi Ganeth becomes the fastest
growing of all the Khainite sects. They
are the first to open shrines in the newly
built cities of Order, and swiftly become
the best known of the Daughters of
Khaine due to their gladiatorial battles.
Their armies frequently fight alongside
Sigmar’s Stormcast Eternals and the
armies that march out of Azyrheim.
Draichi Ganeth’s destruction of the
orruks outside the city of Kurnothea
wins them many allies.

THE SEEKERS RETURN

The brief respite that followed the arrival
of the Stormcast Eternals in Ulgu comes
to an end as more and more mortal and
immortal followers of Slaanesh pour
into the realm. With the corruption of
the shadowpaths by Chaos forces, the
battles of the Cathtrar Dhule resume.
Slaaneshi-led invasions strike over a
dozen Khainite temples, and even Hagg
Nar is besieged.

The campaign to control the
shadowpath network begins with the
First Battle of the Murkfields. With
swift invasions, Chaos armies rule the
pathways initially, but counter-attacks by
war covens reclaim many of the major
routes. Across the Shadowlands, such
battles still rage, absorbing a great deal
of Morathi’s attention.

THE DEAD RISE UP

Portents of evil abound as the forces
of Shyish gather in strength. Wherever
there is a great concentration of
Scáthborn, the spirits of the dead rise
and attack. Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead, seeks to claim those errant
aelven souls that have escaped death, for
he considers them to be rightfully his. At
the same time the Daughters of Khaine
are called upon by their Order allies to
help defend the major cities from the
baleful forces that assail them. Only
where political, territorial or monetary
gains are to be made does Morathi
command the war covens to join the
fighting. There are, however, exceptions
– whenever the enemy is Slaaneshi
or undead in origin, the High Oracle
orders her kin to enter the fray with
vengeful zeal, for she will never forgive
the masters of those two foes.


PAGEBREAK
WAR COVENS OF THE KHAINITES

War covens are the most important organisations to the Daughters of Khaine, for it is through
violence that the Khainites expand their territories, defend their temples and worship their god. The
war coven structure and hierarchy has been passed down from the High Oracle herself.

There are many sects of Daughters
of Khaine, each worshipping a
different aspect of the aelf god of
battle and bloodshed. Although the
rites and rituals might differ, all the
Khainites follow a strict hierarchy in
their organisation.

All Khainites are either warriors that
serve in their religious order, or they
are leathanam, disregarded menials
who are little more than worker drones.
All sects save the Kraith are comprised
of both. When battle is called, a temple
will send forth its warrior congregation,
known as a war coven. Larger sects –

such as Hagg Nar or Draichi Ganeth
– have hundreds of war covens across
dozens of temples, while the smallest of
sects might have but one of each.

The leaders of a war coven also preside
over the blood rites and rituals of their
violent cult. First and foremost of them
all, regardless of sect, is Morathi, the
High Oracle. Her word is law for all
sects, and she speaks with the iron
voice of Khaine.

Beneath Morathi are the High
Priestesses, which include the Slaughter
Queens, Hag Queens and Bloodwrack

Medusae. They are the keepers of
each shrine’s most sacred artefacts,
and commanders of the Sisterhood of
Blood. The degree of authority held
by each of these figures, along with
their specific title, varies between the
sects. For instance, the Kraith rank
Slaughter Queens above the others,
and refer to the leader of a war coven
as a Bloodqueen, while Bloodwrack
Medusae carry greater favour in Hagg
Nar, and when one is appointed as
leader of a war coven they become a
Saim-Supremas. Such is the power
of Morathi, however, that her favour
can alter any ranking with but a

KHAINITE WAR COVEN

CAULDRON
GUARD

TEMPLE
NEST

SLAUGHTER
TROUPE

SHADOW
PATROL

DEATH HAGS

BLOODWRACK SHRINES

SLAUGHTER QUEENS

DOOMFIRE WARLOCKS

RELICS
OF THE
TEMPLE

CAULDRONS OF BLOOD

BLOODWRACK MEDUSAE

CAULDRONS OF BLOOD

KHINERAI LIFETAKERS

AVATARS OF KHAINE

WITCH AELVES

BLOOD SISTERS

SISTERS OF SLAUGHTER

KHINERAI LIFETAKERS

BLOOD STALKERS

KHINERAI
HEARTRENDERS

KHINERAI
HEARTRENDERS

The fairest and most
faithful of the Witch Aelves
may be ‘blessed’ by Morathi
to become Medusae.
None dare question her
judgement in such matters.

Of all the warriors of the temples, the Scáthborn – the Melusai and Khinerai – are closest to
Morathi herself, and often remain hidden from those outside the cult. The most public-facing
Khainites are the Sisters of Slaughter, who frequently hold gladiatorial spectacles within the cities of
Order. The Witch Aelves are largely regarded by the other free peoples of the realms as a secretive
sisterhood, zealous in the practice of their faith. Doomfire Warlocks are rarely seen by non-
Khainites, primarily because of their pariah status within the sects.


PAGEBREAK
word. Should she favour a particular
Kraith Hag Queen over a Slaughter
Queen, the war coven’s
leadership will
shift accordingly.

The troops of a war coven are divided
into two categories – the Sisterhood
of Blood and the Scáthborn. The
Sisterhood of Blood are the most
commonly seen, and to many they are
the face of the Daughters of Khaine.
They are the Witch Aelves and Sisters
of Slaughter,
the gladiatrixes that fight
public ritualised combats or shady pit
fights. While such combats develop
the participant’s fighting prowess
and offer potential to move upwards
in the hierarchy, all members of the
Sisterhood of Blood long for the
rapture of war, where they might be
granted Khaine’s divine blessings.

The Scáthborn, also known as the
Trueborn, Shadowborn or Morathi’s
Handmaidens, are those creatures
formed from the aelf-souls regurgitated
by Slaanesh and reformed by Morathi.
They are the Melusai and the Khinerai
– aelves whose new and twisted
forms are often kept out of sight
from outsiders, either hidden away in
darkened shrines or veiled by illusion.

Most sects treat all Scáthborn as elite
formations, where they hold a higher
individual and unit ranking than their
more comely kin from the Sisterhood
of Blood. Certainly, Morathi uses them
exclusively for her own honour guard
– the vaunted Vyperic Guard, as well
as the aerial Harbingers formation. The
exception are the Kraith, as they are
wanderers with no dedicated temples

of their own, and have less opportunity
to secrete the Scáthborn. They do count
them amongst their number, hidden
by illusion, but tend to rank them less
highly than other sects.

‘Hear me my sisters, and I
will tell you the one truth that
matters: power. It matters not
where or how we acquire it,
only that we do so. We have all
felt the taint of what happens
to those who are defeated, and
it must never happen again.
Rise, my Scáthborn, for you
are my will…’

- Morathi addressing her Melusai

the heart before it drew the notice of others – most especially
her son, Malerion. Yet when attempting to wrest the object for
her own, she angered Kharybtar and was forced to do battle.
It was an epic struggle that lasted for thirteen days, until
Morathi, in her true form, constricted the godbeast in her
crushing coils. However, Kharybtar did not lose consciousness
before it dealt her a dire blow. Only her ability to absorb the
energies beginning to pulse from her new-found treasure
allowed Morathi to survive, and return with her secret to
Hagg Nar. What happened to Kharybtar none can say…

THE IRON HEART OF KHAINE

Morathi was certain that Khaine had been destroyed when her
blood rituals in the god’s name no longer rejuvenated her, and
she was forced to use shadow magic to extend her life. History
had also always taught her that the aelf gods were cyclic
beings, and that if any part of them remained they might one
day rise again. Even while construction of the temple of Hagg
Nar was underway, she looked for signs of the lost god. In
Khaine she saw some glimmer of hope, and a plan began to
take form in her scheming mind. Alas, her searches – both
physical and mystic – uncovered no trace of the aelven god of
battle, until finally she heard the faintest of heartbeats in her
dreams. Guided by prescience, Morathi began a quest that
would take all her guile and arcane skill, but eventually she
found what she sought – Khaine’s iron heart. It lay intact and
was once again beginning to throb with resurgent power. The
treasure was guarded by Kharybtar, Father of Kharybdisses.
Sensing that the godbeast would be resistant to hostile sorcery,
Morathi resorted to seduction, as she was desperate to claim


PAGEBREAK
TEMPLES OF BLOOD

HAGG NAR

Hagg Nar lies deep in the Umbral Veil,
the darkest region of the Shadowlands.
The first of the Daughters of Khaine
temples, it was built atop the Helleflux,
a geyser of shadow magic that spews
shrouding mists. The greatest icons
of their cult are here, including the
Svartlepit and the master cauldron,
the Máthcoir. None perform the blood
rituals with as much authority as do the

Daughters of the First Temple, as those
from Hagg Nar are known amongst
their kind. They worship Khaine in all
his guises, and control several lesser
temples in Ulgu as well as smaller
shrines in many of the Cities of Sigmar.
Always ready to convert blood into
tribute, there are no war covens more
likely to march with a Cauldron of
Blood than those from Hagg Nar.

DRAICHI GANETH

Draichi Ganeth translates as ‘the bladed
killers’. Their main temple is found in
the northern barrens of Fuarthorn in
Ulgu, but their war pilgrimages and
lesser shrines can be found across the
realms. Aelves of this sect are the most
commonly seen of all the Daughters
of Khaine, and few in the Cities of
Sigmar have not witnessed their ritual
combat displays. To Draichi Ganeth, it
is through the killing blow that Khaine
is most honoured, the act of beheading
in particular, and they have thus earned
the epithet ‘the Executioner’s Cult’.

The warriors of Draichi Ganeth shun
stealth, and make no attempt to conceal
their kills. Indeed, their war covens
often herald their approach to the
enemy before battle with gruesome
triumphal processions, so that all
might gather to witness the sect’s
proficiency at murder. They regard the
more shadowy Daughters of Khaine as
beneath them, and abstain from the use
of poisons, for they staunchly believe
that a true warrior has no need of
anything but athletic poise and prowess
with a blade.

THE KRAITH

The sect known as the Kraith, also
called the Crimson Cult, are true
disciples of slaughter, and have earned
a reputation as the least compromising
of all the Daughters of Khaine. Their
bloodthirsty post-battle rites have led
to allies reneging on their compact with
the she-aelves out of sheer disgust, and
caused even the most stalwart warriors
of the Stormcast Eternals to shudder.

The Kraith do not maintain their
own temples, for they believe the
proper place to worship Khaine is the
battlefield. They travel between the
temples of other sects, or hire out their
services clearing lands of monsters and
fighting in gladiatorial arenas. They
believe that all others – even other sects
– are inferior, suited only to provide
blood in which the Kraith might bathe.


PAGEBREAK
KHAILEBRON

This sect has learned well the arts of
concealment, stealth and obfuscation.
Those who worship at the temples of
Khailebron revere the assassin and the
unseen killer, and strive to be masters
of ambushes and sudden strikes. As
a consequence, they are often tasked
by Morathi to travel the realms on
missions to deliver lethal messages
on behalf of the High Oracle, to both
enemies and erstwhile allies.

Khailebron’s war covens maintain a
public facade of performing troupes of
blade dancers and graceful pitfighters,
but the sect’s true rituals are kept well
hidden from prying eyes. They arrive
in battle shrouded by rolling banks of
mist, and revel in misdirection and
illusion. Just when the enemy thinks
they see the true threat, another attack
strikes unlooked for to rip the heart out
of their army.

KHELT NAR

Khelt Nar has become the fastest
growing of the sects established by
Morathi. It began as Ironshard, a
single Khainite shrine founded by
the High Oracle atop a flat-topped
mountain of iron known as the
Rothtor. Seeing the potential in that
bounteous natural resource, Morathi
used powerful sorcery to mould
an imposing stronghold from the
enormous ferrous precipice, as well
as the lands surrounding it.

Despite the layers of shadow magic
that obscure the temple-fortress of
Khelt Nar, the forces of the Ruinous
Powers have located and invaded it
no fewer than six times. Each attack
has thus far been thwarted but it
has meant that the war covens of
Khelt Nar have developed a hatred
of Chaos that far transcends even
that of their rival sects. The Khelt
Nar have established over two dozen
lesser temples all across Ulgu.

ICONS OF KHAINE

Each of the different Khainite sects can be identified by a unique symbol. Versions of these icons can be seen emblazoned

onto banners, sculpted onto temples, tattooed onto flesh or even smeared on with the blood of their enemies.

Hagg Nar

Draichi Ganeth

The Kraith

Khailebron

Khelt Nar


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
MORATHI

She is the High Oracle of Khaine, the Shadow Queen and grand matriarch of the Daughters of Khaine.
She is a creature of magic, manipulation and secrets – a blood-priestess of battle and a mistress of lies
and hidden intrigues. She is Morathi, and she would be a god…

Morathi is an ancient being, a seeress
unmatched in her mastery of dark
magics. In addition to being able to
summon the horrors of the nightshade-
realm, she has used her spells to
morph into a comely form – a radiant
she-aelf framed by outstretched wings
wrought of shadow-metal. So great
is her supernatural beauty that foes
stand mesmerised by her rapturous
allure. It is a fatal mistake, for Morathi
wields her spear Heartrender with cruel
efficiency, and her bladed pinions are
themselves razor-sharp weapons that
can easily lop limbs and heads.

As the matriarchal
leader and High
Oracle of the Daughters of Khaine,
Morathi’s every word is law, her every
wish a command. With but a chanted
invocation she can send members of
the already-zealous warrior cult into a
fever pitch, causing them to redouble
their efforts to slaughter.

When diplomacy, sorcery or seduction
are needed, Morathi maintains her aelf-
queen guise, but at need, or when in
the throes of the strongest of passions,
Morathi reverts to her true form. It
is a horrific sight to witness. Rippling
waves of shadow emanate from her
body, partially covering the violent
transformation. Writhing sinuously,
she twists into a towering new shape.
Blazing eyes glow through the eldritch
mists, which dissipate as enormous

bat-like wings unfold. Uncoiling to
her full height Morathi emerges in her
true shape, her flowing hair replaced
with venomous snakes that hiss as they
strike through the umbral wisps that
still cling about her.

Whilst in her Shadow Queen form,
Morathi’s fury reaches new heights,
and she has the power to thrust
Heartrender through a pillar of stone.
She has been known to wrap foes in
her crushing coils, while using her tail’s
sting and crown of snakes to deliver
darting attacks. Most deadly of all, she
can focus all the self-loathing and spite
inside her into a single transfixing gaze.
Those that dare meet her eyes must
have a will of iron lest their blood boil
and they burst apart.

Once transformed into her monstrous
self, it takes time for Morathi’s rage to
subside – hours, even days, may pass
before she can reassume her aelf-queen
aspect. So great was her anger during
the Blood Strife Wars that she remained
in her Shadow Queen form for months.

Throughout her impossibly long
lifetime Morathi has been many things
– wife, warrior, and the queen and
power behind the throne of not one,
but two aelven nations of the world-
that-was. She was a high priestess of
the aelf gods, a consort to daemons and
a mother to a son that would ascend

to godhood. During all that time she
was a spinner of half-truths and a
manipulator of such scale that entire
empires moved to the command of
her sibilant whispers. That infamous
past has been left behind, for Morathi
has changed. Upon freeing herself
from the torments of Slaanesh she
has renounced her conniving plots,
re-dedicating herself solely to Khaine.
As his High Oracle, it is she who
interprets the god of battle’s wishes,
and commands the war covens of the
Daughters of Khaine.

And it is all a lie. Khaine is dead, his
last vestiges of power and only hope
for resurgence usurped, held within his
iron heart and exploited by Morathi for
her own benefit.

It is the most dangerous of games that
Morathi plays, for she speaks with the
voice of a dead god, issuing her own
commands to an ever-growing order of
religious warriors. Yet daily she draws
strength from their blood offerings,
while draining Khaine’s iron heart dry
of every last drop of power she can
milk from its metallic chambers.

Morathi hopes to one day reap revenge
upon all those who scorned, spurned or
tormented her. She would use her rising
power to achieve a dark apotheosis.
With each drop of blood spilt in her
cause, that day draws nearer.


PAGEBREAK
QUEENS AND CAULDRONS

Hag Queens and Slaughter Queens are high priestesses of Khaine, and lead the war covens in both
battle and in blood rites. It is they, along with the ominous Cauldrons of Blood, that channel their
deity’s murderous energies, summoning them through swordplay and shrill invocation.

The High Priestesses of the Khainite
Cults are chosen from the covenite
sisters – the Witch Aelves and the
Sisters of Slaughter – by Morathi
herself. The High Oracle often selects
the most zealous of the sect for such
an honour, but has been known to
nominate those who have earned her
favour by other means. The initiation
rites that follow include a series of gory
tests and blessings that culminate in the
aspirant’s immersion into a cauldron
filled with shadow creatures from the
nether-domains. Those that survive
this final trial emerge more powerful
than ever, able to channel Khaine’s
violent spirit.

HAG QUEENS

The High Priestesses known as Hag
Queens are the guardians of Khaine’s
mysteries, and the leaders of their
temple’s rites. Through the teachings
of the High Oracle the Hag Queens
learn secret rituals, words of power
and divine incantations that allow
Khaine’s energies to flow with all the
gushing impetus of blood from a
severed artery. It is the Hag Queens
who mix any necessary poisons, as well
as the potions that drive their fellow
Khainites into a rapturous battle-rage.
Perhaps the most important duty
of these priestesses is to prepare the
Cauldrons of Blood for the rituals of
rebirth. These rites keep the covenite
sisters youthful in appearance and

supple in body. All aelves, save the
leathanam, have lifespans far greater
than those whom they deem ‘lesser
races’,
such as men and orruks. Yet
many of the covenite sisters, especially
the Hag Queens themselves, have
lived years beyond even the eldest
of aelf-kind. Without their regular
rejuvenation baths many would age
rapidly or even die.

SLAUGHTER QUEENS

Those High Priestesses awarded the
title of Slaughter Queen by Morathi are
the martial leaders of the war covens,
chosen for their skilled bladework and
their fanaticism for dealing death.

In war a Slaughter Queen fights with a
sword in each hand, weaving a pattern
of red ruination as she advances. The
Blade of Khaine – blessed with the
furore of war – strikes with blurring
speed, while the Deathsword is imbued
with Morathi’s scorn, and delivers the
killing blow with an enchanted edge

that can slice gaping clefts in flesh or
armour with even the slightest blow.
Like Witch Aelves, a Slaughter Queen
wears little in the way of armour,
but instead relies upon feints, deft
dodges and flawless acrobatics to avoid
enemy blows.

A Slaughter Queen is a leader who
can spur her war coven on to greater
feats of violence or rally their wavering
nerves through the sheer force of her
will. A Slaughter Queen learns the
killing words of power – appellations
of Khaine that when shouted at the
correct pitch can smite down an enemy
or even blunt an incoming spell. She
advances to battle either on foot or
mounted upon a Cauldron of Blood.

CAULDRONS OF BLOOD

For a battle worthy of their finest
ritual offerings, the war covens of the
Daughters of Khaine bring forth the
greatest of their religion’s
icons – the
Cauldrons of Blood. Mounted on
iron-shod wheels, these mobile shrines
grind forward, propelled solely by the
incantations of their riders, as if the
machine itself was lured onwards by the
promise of carnage.

Each Cauldron of Blood lies heavy with
dark enchantments, its mere presence in
the battle line inspiring to the Daughters
of Khaine. When a Hag Queen
accompanies the altar, she brings the


PAGEBREAK
blood within the iron vat to a furious
boil until it gives off billowing clouds
of crimson steam. This offers strange
protections, and Khainites nearby find
themselves able to shrug off wounds
or dodge blows more easily. Those
fortunate enough to be offered a draught
of the cauldron’s brew find themselves
plunged into an ecstasy of violence,
their martial prowess magnified by
the Lord of Murder. Brought to life
by the blood rituals, the iron statue of
Khaine upon the shrine roars its anger
in torrents of molten metal blood, or
swings its massive sword to hack down
those that dare close with the cauldron.
Sometimes these iron golems are given
a life of their own, so that they stride
the battle lines autonomously, fighting
alongside their worshippers as powerful
icons of the Murder God.

It is said that the Cauldrons of Blood
are gifts from Khaine himself, who
bestowed them upon his Daughters
as a reward for their dedication to his
cause. This, at least, is Morathi’s claim
each time she gifts one of the great
iron cauldrons to the temple of a newly
founded Khainite sect.

The covenites see it as a sign of their
god’s favour that the cauldrons never
seem to overflow, no matter how
much blood is poured within them
following a battle – all assume Khaine
himself takes the surplus as an offering.
This is not the case, however – those
fluids flow back to Hagg Nar through
Morathi’s magics, to the Mother of all
Cauldrons, the Máthcoir. So does the
High Oracle absorb and repurpose the
blood’s energies, using them for her own
nefarious gain.


PAGEBREAK
WITCH AELVES

The heart and soul of the Daughters of Khaine are the warriors known as Witch Aelves. Bloodthirsty
and eager zealots, they fight at the forefront of nearly every war coven, seeking to lose control in the
wanton frenzy of battle to better honour their violent god.

Witch Aelves are devotees of Khaine, their entire lives
dedicated to serving their bloodthirsty deity. In stoic fashion
they train endlessly. Weapons practice and mock duels take
up the majority of their daily lives, yet these are not mere
military drills, but religious ceremonies, treated with all the
gravitas that other cults might use when reading their most
holy of tomes or offering prayers to their god. For Witch
Aelves, ritual combat hones martial prowess and sates a
craving for violence, while duels fought against prisoners,
captured beasts or gladiatorial opponents offer a chance to
spill blood. However,
it is only in battle where the followers
of Khaine can truly immerse themselves in the holy rapture
that bonds their souls with Khaine.

Witch Aelves fight with long daggers known as sciansá
– steel blades tempered in blood and blessed by the Hag
Queens. The sciansá is a holy tool for the worship of Khaine.
Its razor-sharp edge slices easily through flesh, while some
bear a notch that, with a subtle twist, causes maximum
pain and profuse bleeding. Whether wielded in a pair or
accompanied with a bladed buckler, a Witch Aelf weaves her
sciansá in a blurring flurry of deadly attacks.

Before battle it might be said that Witch Aelves are staid,
reserved or even cold, but in the midst of combat all of that
is left behind. With an explosion of movement, Witch Aelves
spin, feint, dodge and pirouette, twirling their blades in
an increasingly violent dance. Steady voices become shrill
with battle-lust and chants become shrieks. The presence of
High Priestesses of their order inspire them to greater acts
of carnage still, as does their own vicious bloodletting. As a
Witch Aelf battle line devolves from an ordered march to a
whirlwind of stabbing and slicing, they truly lose all self-
control. Still-beating hearts are ripped from victims’ chests
and flesh is daubed with gore-red runes. Dancing like pale
shadows the Witch Aelves weave a scarlet path through the
orgy of destruction, revelling in the spray of jetting arteries.


PAGEBREAK
SISTERS OF SLAUGHTER

Merciless masters of the lash, the Sisters of Slaughter leap into the fray and do not cease until all their
foes lie dead. Sometimes even that is not enough to stop these vicious killers, for to them mutilation
and bloodshed are acts of purest devotion to their cruel deity.

To the Sisters of Slaughter, combat is everything. Their
entire lives are dedicated to fighting – melee is worship, and
each drop of blood spilt it is an offering to Khaine. They
fight in an exaggerated style, spinning,
leaping and posing
dramatically as they use their whips and blades to trace
ancient runes in enemy flesh.

The Sisters of Slaughter are a sub-cult considered extremist
even by other Khainites. Whether absorbed by revenge or
overcome with the murderous spirit of Khaine, the warriors
take the vow of druharú , and don masks of living metal.
Once, these were worn solely for the Khielt-gadh , a ritual
combat that recreated the mythic battles of Khaine against
the Chaos powers. In an excruciating rite using boiling
blood and spells of bonding, those who would join the
sisterhood permanently graft the helms onto their heads,
the metal leering ever more cruelly as it scents blood. Only
the most committed choose the face of Khaine over beauty.
The screaming lasts for hours. Yet
the trial is not complete
until they have fought a series of ceremonial duels against
established members. Those that do not succumb to blood
loss become Sisters of Slaughter – gladiatrixes insanely
dedicated to fighting in the name of Khaine.

Barbed whips – kruip-lash , in their own tongue – are the
weapon of choice for the Sisters of Slaughter, and each
practises her weaponcraft to levels of skill and precision
only an aelf could achieve. With a simple flick of her wrist, a
Sister can crack her kruip-lash so that it shears a gloomfly in
half – an amazing feat, for the thumbnail-sized insects blend
in with the cloying mists in which they are found. When
the barbed whips are used in battle, the effect is far more
devastating – the serpentine coils snap out to sever limbs,
lacerate eyes or puncture armour to flay the flesh beneath.
Some Sisters battle with a short stabbing blade in addition to
their lash, while others prefer a bladed buckler that can turn
enemy strikes and deliver a lethal counter-blow of its own.


PAGEBREAK
BLOODWRACK SORCERESSES

Foes fall twisting in pain as the Bloodwrack Shrine closes upon them. Shadowy and disturbing
images flash upon the arcane mirror, drawing opponents’ eyes closer to the blood-bursting gaze of the
writhing creature that slithers at its base. With a crash, the bladed shrine strikes home…

BLOODWRACK MEDUSAE

The ritual in which the serpents that crown Morathi in her
Shadow Queen form bite a Witch Aelf may be regarded
as both a boon and a curse. It is treated as a high honour
by the Daughters of Khaine, and results in the agonising
transformation of the chosen into a monstrous being blessed
with a portion of Morathi’s strength and magic. Bloodwrack
Medusae wield sorcerous energies, and their eyes blaze with
the power of death. Any who meet a Medusa’s gaze find their
body exsanguinated in a welter of gore. Those selected for the
Slith-onóir – the ritual of receiving Morathi’s special venom
– are sometimes the rising champions of their sect, but
others are chosen because they are openly contentious over
Morathi’s strictures. Regardless, after the ritual, Bloodwrack
Medusae become Morathi’s most faithful and loyal servants.

BLOODWRACK SHRINES

Some Bloodwrack Medusae are borne into battle atop mobile
shrines. Propelled by unseen magics, the bladed Bloodwrack
Shrine grinds forward to crash into the enemy battle line.
Two shrineguards armed with long goadspears strike out,
while the writhing Medusa uses her whisperclaw, spear and
deadly gaze to join the slaughter. As formidable as the shrine
is in close combat, however,
it has another, more sinister
purpose. A strange mirror known as a scáthmre stands
at the shrine’s centre, reflecting not just the Bloodwrack
Medusa’s deadly gaze, but also an agonising aura, a shadowy
projection of the scathing hatred harboured by the monstrous
serpentine creature.

‘Sssoon you too will feel your heart grow colder ;
you will shed your skin into scales and be reborn
in the image of our one true master…’

- Final Ritual of the Slith-onóir


PAGEBREAK
MELUSAI

The dreaded Melusai are Scáthborn who bear the lower bodies of great serpents. They are cruel, cold-
blooded and eager to inflict pain – seemingly the ideal Khainites – and serve Morathi as the elite
ground-assault troops of her war covens.

The Melusai were once the souls of aelves devoured by
Slaanesh. Upon being freed from that hellish incarceration,
their energies were portioned off to Morathi. There, in
the dungeons beneath Hagg Nar, these souls were mixed
with shadow magic and Morathi’s own blood to be reborn,
reshaped in the image of their creator. Each of the Melusai
is imbued with magic and the utmost faith in their master,
along with a scornful hatred of their former enslaver,
Slaanesh. Melusai are allocated to each temple sect of
the Daughters of Khaine, acting not only as elite guard
formations, but also as clandestine eyes and ears for the
High Oracle, informing upon those that question the order
of things, or ask too closely about Morathi’s goals. Because
of their strange appearance, Melusai stay out of sight, either
secreted inside the darkened temples of Khaine or disguised
by illusion to appear as other aelves. Although it is rumoured
that there might be additional forms, during open battle two
kinds of Melusai are regularly seen amongst the war covens.

BLOOD SISTERS

Blood Sisters are powerful warriors used as bodyguards to
High Priestesses or Bloodwrack Medusae, or as a potent
vanguard for the war covens. Each Blood Sister is equipped
with a heartshard glaive – a heavy polearm ideal for driving
through armour and ribs to cut out an opponent’s heart.
Blood Sisters can also channel the blackness of their tainted
souls into a strike known as the ‘scáth touch’. The lightest
contact from such a blow can transform the victim into
coiling mists, which solidify into an unmoving crystal statue
that is still horrifically aware. As sensualists, the Blood Sisters
consider an eternity of sensory deprivation the worst of all
possible fates, hence their delight in inflicting it upon others.
The ultimate in cruelty is for a Blood Sister to thrust her
glaive quickly enough to slice out a foe’s beating heart even
while the scáth touch turns them to crystal. To be trapped
forever in a state of unbearable pain is but a small sample of
the torment the Melusai themselves have endured.

BLOOD STALKERS

The Blood Stalkers are Morathi’s elite archers, a venomous
guard who rain death from afar. Each bears a heartseeker
bow, a weapon carved from the wood of the sentient ashdusk
tree. The arrows loosed by such bows are blessed by Hag
Queens, and imbued with the same enchantments as those
that guide Morathi’s own spear, Heartrender. With uncanny
accuracy, these missiles streak across the battlefield to pierce
their targets through the heart. In close combat, Blood
Stalkers wield scianlar , long daggers forged to absorb the
energies released when the bearer cuts the vital organs from
the corpses of their victims after battle. Though it may seem
so to their less monstrous sisters, these are no gory offerings
to Khaine, but tributes destined to strengthen the Melusai’s
true master, Morathi.

Fheltóir placed the dripping heart in the altar’s
brazier and stepped back to watch the flames
feed upon the sacrificial organ. The unnatural
red light cast eerie shadows across the towering statue
of Khaine. Fheltóir did not cross her daggers over the
blood-fuelled fire, nor did she recite the traditional
mantras. Instead, she spoke her own benediction.

‘Here, Khaine, is the heart of the Hag who thought
to lead our sisterhood. I hated her for she favoured
the High Oracle over you, but I killed her because she
was weak.’ Fheltóir did not know if her god would
hear, or how he might react, but she did not expect
what happened next. Agonising pain paralysed her,
as her body began to transform into crystal.

‘Not wise…’ hissed a voice from the shadows. Up rose
Scála, a Melusai of the Blood Sisters and Keeper of
the Shrine. ‘It is the High Oracle alone who speaks
with the Word of Iron.’


PAGEBREAK
DOOMFIRE WARLOCKS

Dark shapes hurtle through the fog, shrouded from sight until they burst forth at speed. Masters of
misdirection and hit-and-run attacks, Doomfire Warlocks encircle the foe, whittling them down with
sorcery and crossbow fire before goading their steeds to charge in for the kill.

The Doomfire Warlocks are the
light cavalry of the war covens. They
harass foes with blasts of arcane flame
and volleys of black-fletched bolts,
worrying the enemy’s flanks and
slaying unprotected targets. As the
main Khainite formations become
engaged, these swift riders will charge
in, scimitars drawn, to help overwhelm
and finish off their distracted victims.
Up close, Doomfire Warlocks are gaunt
and pallid, their black eyes haunted
and lacking any emotion save spite.
Emblazoned upon their brows are
hateful runes that cause them great
pain, yet are also vital to keeping
them alive. They are, quite literally, a
cursed lot.

There are few male aelves in the
temples and cities of the Daughters of
Khaine, and fewer still in the military
hierarchies of the war covens. This is no
accident, but by nefarious design. Only
the weakest and most broken of souls
retrieved from Slaanesh by Morathi are
used to create male aelves, and these
are destined to serve as leathanam,
wretches used by the Khainites for
menial labours and worse. They are
worked hard, fed poorly and drained
of blood in daily rituals. It is Khaine’s
wish that only the strong survive; the
weak must either perish or perform
some task deemed worthy enough to
warrant the gift of maintaining their
paltry existence.

Not all aelf males are formed from
souls that have been recovered from
their torturous existence inside the
Great Enemy. Those birthed to covenite
sisters in the conventional fashion
are likewise afflicted with a weakness
of the body and spirit. This too is no
coincidence, for the High Oracle long
ago wrought a secret malediction
that would touch all sons born of the
Daughters of Khaine, allowing her to
siphon off a portion of their soul-stuff
to add to the ever-growing font of
power stored by the Máthcoir.

Yet despite the crippling difficulties
stacked against them, a number of
these male whelps grow stronger
than the others. These few, nurtured
by the shadows themselves, develop
an affinity with the darkness and an
ability to absorb the mystic energies of
Ulgu. Although Morathi recognises the
potential of these males, she is leery of
power she herself has not granted. To
ensure their faith, each is branded with
runes of control, although they are told
such marks are wards against the soul-
thievery of Slaanesh.

THE FATE OF KHAINE

Consumed in the fires of the demise of the world-that-was, the aelf gods
were destroyed. They had ever been cyclical in nature, and it was possible
that they could one day reform; however,
there were many factors against
them. Their worshippers were gone, and what little power they still possessed
was sought after, especially by the Chaos Gods. Nagash too stalked the
underworlds, while the coiled shadow of Malerion fed on blackness itself.

Many sought the broken shards of Khaine, though the greater number were
claimed by Khorne. The Blood God melted that essence down and used it to
forge weapons for his worthiest Bloodthirsters. Yet one item alone resisted
the nova-blasts of Khorne’s furnaces – the iron heart of Khaine. Again and
again it was pounded, yet it would submit to neither hammer nor anvil.
Enraged, the Blood God squeezed it for an age of mortals, but only eight
drops of blood came forth, each smouldering upon the ground. When
Khorne could gain no more satisfaction, he hurled the heart in snarling
frustration. How the last remnant of the fallen god passed through the
realms and ended in the lair of Kharybtar, father of Kharybdisses, before
ultimately being recovered by Morathi
is a tale in itself, for many others were
drawn to its throbbing energies.


PAGEBREAK
KHINERAI HARPIES

Shrieking harridans of the skies, the Khinerai Harpies descend from the clouds upon membranous
pinions. They are the winged Children of Morathi, her vengeance given flight, and nowhere on the
battlefield is safe from their vicious, swooping attacks.

KHINERAI LIFETAKERS

Tucking their wings close, the
Khinerai known as Lifetakers plummet
downwards at high speeds. At the last
moment they spread their leathery
pinions, snapping their descent as
they swing their sickle-blades with
maximum force. Foes that survive this
devastating assault can strike back, but
any who fight the Khinerai must be
on guard, for they are masters at using

their claw-like heartpiercer shields to
not only parry blows but to puncture
vital organs. Even as nearby enemies
rally to pin the Khinerai Lifetakers
in combat, the Harpies rise above the
melee in a flurry of beating wings,
looking for the most vulnerable target
to strike next. For such unfortunates,
the last thing they will hear is a sudden
rush of wind before the Lifetakers’
deadly assault reaps its toll.

Similar to their kin the Melusai, the
Khinerai Harpies are the twisted
offspring of daemon-tainted aelf
soul, Morathi’s blood and magics,
and vengeance itself. All Khinerai
are formed in Hagg Nar, where their
broods can be found upon the soaring
Ashspires. At each shade solstice, the
ritual of Gristead takes place, and
Morathi chooses flocks to send to each
temple-sect across the Mortal Realms.

KHINERAI HEARTRENDERS

The Khinerai Heartrenders sweep out
of the skies, dark streaks that cut swiftly
through low clouds. With streams of
vapour still clinging to their bodies,
the winged aelves pull up, using their
forward momentum to help launch
cruelly barbed javelins with great force.
These spike-ridden spears travel with
such velocity that they can skewer both
a mounted warrior and their steed, and
still maintain enough impetus to embed
themselves deep into the ground. The
Heartrenders do not stop to watch,
however, and are instantly flapping
away to another part of the battlefield,
new javelins materialising out of the
mists into their hands. Constantly in
motion, they quickly dart out of range
of any return attacks, all the while their
hawk-sharp eyes scanning for their
next victims. Should a tempting enough
target present itself, the Heartrenders
will forgo their missile assault and dive
straight into combat.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE

OF

WAR COVENS

KHAINE

THE WAR COVENS
OF KHAINE


PAGEBREAK
With their kruip-lashes snapping, the Sisters of Slaughter lead the charge beneath the all-seeing gaze of Morathi.


PAGEBREAK
Blood and ritual, slaughter and war. From out of the Shadowlands of Ulgu, Morathi leads the Daughters of Khaine.

Hagg Nar
Witch Aelf Hag

Kraith
Sister of Slaughter

Khailebron
Witch Aelf

Draichi Ganeth
Witch Aelf

Khelt Nar
Witch Aelf


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
After unravelling her enemy’s illusionary magics, Morathi leads a war coven to crush the servants of Tzeentch.


PAGEBREAK
Morathi sends her forces crashing into the undead lines, for none may assail the Temples of Khaine with impunity.


PAGEBREAK
Led by a Bloodwrack Medusa, Blood Sisters and Blood Stalkers prepare to eradicate another orruk tribe.

Hurling bolts of dark flame, Doomfire Warlocks spearhead a war coven centred around a Cauldron of Blood.


PAGEBREAK
Morathi’s cold but stunningly beautiful appearance is
accentuated by bladed wings of gold.

In her true form, Morathi bears the magical runes of
her cult and carries the fabled iron heart of Khaine.

Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine

Morathi, the Shadow Queen


PAGEBREAK
Blood Stalker Krone

Blood Stalkers

Blood Sister Gorgai

Blood Sisters

Khinerai Lifetaker Harridyn

Khinerai Lifetakers


PAGEBREAK
Khinerai Heartrender Shryke

Khinerai Heartrenders

Witch Aelf Hag

Witch Aelves

Witch Aelf Standard Bearer

Master of Warlocks

Doomfire Warlocks


PAGEBREAK
When animated by sorcery, the Avatar of Khaine can
spew torrents of burning blood into the enemy.

Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood


PAGEBREAK
THE DISCIPLES OF HAGG NAR

If you are going to conquer the Mortal Realms, it helps to have an army, and there are none more
vicious than a Daughters of Khaine war coven. These pages offer a brief guide to mustering your own
fanatical force, and show an example of a war coven.

Sigmar army,

When collecting a Warhammer Age of
it’s a good idea to have
a plan. The choices you make when
deciding which units to include in your
army might be based on the look of
the models, how you envision them

performing on the tabletop, a narrative
found in a battletome or perhaps one
of your own invention, or anything in
between. There is no single right way
to collect your force! Here is how we
assembled the Disciples of Hagg Nar.

First, we centred our war coven
around Morathi. Her Shadow Queen
incarnation is simply too amazing a
model to pass up – it’s a joy to paint
too, and a terror upon the battlefield.
To fill out the requirements for the


PAGEBREAK
Temple Nest warscroll battalion, we
needed to surround her with two units
of Blood Stalkers, two units of Blood
Sisters and a Bloodwrack Shrine.
These elite warriors make a powerful
bodyguard, and their inclusion gave
us a bonus battalion ability on top. To
increase the war coven’s numbers we
added Sisters of Slaughter and Witch
Aelves – fast-moving infantry that can
really unleash a lot of attacks, especially
when led by a Slaughter Queen.

For high-flying, mobile units, some
Khinerai Heartrenders and Lifetakers
were added. Finally, we included the
might and augmentative powers of
a Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood.
This gave us all the requirements to
field both a Slaughter Troupe and a
Cauldron Guard battalion, giving the
army even more formidable abilities.
This force will hit hard, and has some
potent shooting ability. We’re now
ready to spill blood in Khaine’s name!

1.
2.
3.
4.

Morathi, the Shadow Queen
Bloodwrack Shrine
Slaughter Queen
Hag Queen on Cauldron
of Blood
Blood Stalkers
Blood Sisters
Khinerai Heartrenders
Khinerai Lifetakers
Sisters of Slaughter
10. Witch Aelves

5.
6.
7.
8.
9.


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

A Daughters of Khaine army presents many opportunities to experiment with different skin tones,
hair colours, textures and special effects. What follows here is a brief but straightforward guide,
including key painting techniques and stage-by-stage walkthroughs to help you paint your war coven.

PALE SKIN

1

2

3

4

5

Undercoat with
Corax White, then
basecoat the skin with
Pallid Wych Flesh.

Next, apply an
all-over wash of
Reikland Fleshshade
to the skin.

Then, apply a layer
of Pallid Wych
Flesh, avoiding the
shaded areas.

Highlight the skin
with White Scar,
adding dots for
the eyes.

Lastly, with
Rhinox Hide, add
dots to the eyes and
fill out the mouth.

HAGG NAR HAIR

KHELT NAR HAIR

KHAILEBRON HAIR

Undercoat with Corax White and
shade with an even blend of Carroburg
Crimson and Lahmian Medium. Layer
the individual strands with White Scar,
and glaze with Bloodletter towards
the head.

Basecoat the hair with Abaddon
Black, then highlight with Mechanicus
Standard Grey and Administratum
Grey. For the pink streaks, use
Screamer Pink, Pink Horror,
then
Emperor’s Children.

Start with a basecoat of Celestra Grey.
Apply an all-over wash of Coelia
Greenshade evenly mixed with
Lahmian Medium. Drybrush with
Ulthuan Grey and finish with an edge
highlight of White Scar.

BLOOD SHARDS & HEARTS

1

2

3

4

Begin with a basecoat of
Khorne Red.

Edge highlight with Evil
Sunz Scarlet.

Further bring out the details
with Fire Dragon Bright.

To finish, apply an all-over
glaze of Spiritstone Red.


PAGEBREAK
BANNER DESIGNS & TATTOOS

1

2

3

Carefully sketch out a diamond shape
with Celestra Grey using an S Layer or
Artificer Layer brush.

Next, add a vertical line down the
centre of the diamond.

Now, paint two diagonal lines coming
off the base of the diamond, forming
a cross.

4

Add two more vertical lines, slightly
curved, to finish the design. Tidy any
mistakes with the original base colour.

You can use this same basic technique
to add more symbols to your models in
any colour you wish.

BLOOD

To add smears of gore to weapons and
armour, first gently flick the surface
with Rhinox Hide, before liberally
applying Blood for the Blood God.

To paint large pools of gore like that in
this cauldron of blood, start off with
a basecoat of Mephiston Red. Follow
that with an all-over wash of Agrax
Earthshade. Drybrush with Evil Sunz
Scarlet to pick out the texture, before
adding a highlight of Fire Dragon
Bright. To finish, apply ’Ardcoat
for a
glossy sheen.

TOP TIP

It’s a good idea to sketch out a
symbol using a pen and paper
before you attempt to paint it
freehand on any of your models.
Have it nearby as a reference while
you paint. Mistakes can be tidied
up by carefully applying the same
base colour used for the area of the
model you are painting on.

TOP TIP

One thing to bear in mind when
painting blood on your miniatures
is that less is often more. Slathering
too much Blood for the Blood God
all over your models will make
them look messy, and distract from
finer details. The visual effect of a
few carefully applied patches will
be far more striking. Apply only
a small amount of Blood for the
Blood God to your paintbrush at a
time, then angle your brush strokes
in order to create convincing
streaks. Slowly build up the layers
of paint until you’re happy with
the result, rather than applying one
thick layer.


PAGEBREAK
MELUSAI SCALES

For the crimson areas, basecoat
with Mephiston Red, then apply a
wash of Agrax Earthshade. To finish,
lightly drybrush with Kindleflame.
For the black areas, simply basecoat
with Abaddon Black and carefully
edge highlight with The Fang. For
the orange areas, apply a basecoat of
Jokaero Orange, wash with Reikland
Fleshshade, then edge highlight with
Bestigor Flesh.

KHINERAI WINGS

Spray with Corax White. Wash the
outer skin with Coelia Greenshade,
and drybrush with Skink Blue. For the
purple areas, basecoat with Abaddon
Black and highlight with Xereus
Purple. Finish with a second highlight
of Warpfiend Grey. For the red scales,
basecoat with Khorne Red, wash with
Nuln Oil and highlight with Evil Sunz
Scarlet. Finish with a second highlight
of Fire Dragon Bright.

Start with an undercoat of Corax White
spray. For the green areas, layer with
Elysian Green and then shade with
Biel-Tan Green. Drybrush with Ogryn
Camo, and finish with a highlight
of Krieg Khaki. For the grey areas,
basecoat with Celestra Grey, then wash
with an even mix of Coelia Greenshade
and Lahmian Medium. Add a final
highlight of Ulthuan Grey. (For the red
scales, see left.)

Basecoat the skin with Khorne Red,
then apply a recess shade of Nuln Oil.
Highlight with Wazdakka Red, and
then apply a second highlight of Wild
Rider Red. For the claws, basecoat with
Ushabti Bone, shade with Seraphim
Sepia, and then highlight with
Screaming Skull. Apply a final highlight
of Pallid Wych Flesh.

Basecoat the skin with Abaddon Black.
Next, apply a highlight of Xereus
Purple, then Warpfiend Grey, and
then a fine highlight of Emperor’s
Children on the extremities. For the
claws, also basecoat with Abaddon
Black. Next, add a highlight of Kabalite
Green and then a second highlight of
Administratum Grey.

Spray Corax White. Layer with Kislev
Flesh, and wash with thinned-down
Druchii Violet. Tidy with Kislev Flesh,
and then work Blood for the Blood
God into the recesses. Highlight with
Flayed One Flesh. For the claws,
basecoat with Abaddon Black, then
highlight with Mechanicus Standard
Grey and Administratum Grey.


PAGEBREAK
BLOODWRACK SHRINE MIRROR

1

2

3

4

There is a simple but very effective technique you can use to replicate the reflective surface of glass and mirrors on your models.
To begin, basecoat the area with Celestra Grey (1). Next, mix together a half-and-half blend of Coelia Greenshade and Lahmian
Medium and apply a small amount into the recesses around the edge of the mirror (2). Then, lightly dapple this mix onto the
mirror’s surface, building up the colour on one side so that you get a smooth transition from light to dark. Remember to keep
the paint thin – it’s always easier to build up the colour gradually than to correct errors if you apply too much at once. Next, thin
down some Ulthuan Grey with Lahmian Medium and carefully apply a few thin coats onto the lighter side of the mirror (3).
Finally, apply ’Ardcoat across the entire area for a shiny finish (4).

SISTERS OF SLAUGHTER MASKS

Basecoat with Retributor
Armour. Apply a thinned
wash of Blood for the Blood
God into the recesses, and
tidy up the flat areas with
more Retributor Armour.
Finally, highlight with
Stormhost Silver.

Basecoat with Ironbreaker,
then shade the recesses with
Drakenhof Nightshade.
Next, apply a wash of
Soulstone Blue thinned
with Lahmian Medium. To
finish, edge highlight with
Stormhost Silver.

To start, basecoat the
mask with Khorne Red,
then wash all over with
Nuln Oil. Layer with Evil
Sunz Scarlet, avoiding the
shaded areas, and finish
off with a highlight of Fire
Dragon Bright.

HEARTSHARD GLAIVES

TOP TIP

A simple way to paint
any gold areas on the
masks is to basecoat
them with Retributor
Armour, then apply
a wash of Reikland
Fleshshade. Layer
with another coat of
Retributor Armour,
avoiding the shaded
areas, and finish with
an edge highlight of
Stormhost Silver.

Basecoat the blade with Celestra
Grey, then apply a wash of Coelia
Greenshade. Highlight with Ulthuan
Grey, and finish with an edge highlight
of White Scar.

Basecoat with Leadbelcher. Next,
apply a few thin coats of Blood for
the Blood God. Lastly, highlight the
edges and add some scratches with
Stormhost Silver.

Start with a basecoat of Leadbelcher.
Next, apply an all-over wash of Druchii
Violet. To finish, simply add a fine
highlight of Stormhost Silver to the
edges of the blade.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
IN THE NAME OF

KHAINE

IN THE NAME OF
KHAINE


PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF KHAINE

On the following pages you will find exciting rules for your Daughters of Khaine army. These include
powerful allegiance abilities, magic spells and items, a new battleplan, and warscrolls and battalions
that describe the armies of Morathi in games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

From shadowy magic and blood-
fuelled prayers to esoteric artefacts of
incredible power, this section provides
rules and abilities for DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE armies.

ALLEGIANCE

When you choose your army, you
can also choose an allegiance for
it. If you do so, you can use the
allegiance abilities that correspond
to the allegiance you have chosen.

On the following pages you will
find a set of allegiance abilities that
can be used for an army that has

the DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

allegiance. In order to have the

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

allegiance, all of the units in the army
must either have the DAUGHTERS
OF KHAINE keyword, or be
assigned the DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE keyword during set-up.

If an army could have more than
one allegiance, you must pick one
to apply to it during the game.
The allegiance you choose will
apply for the duration of the battle,
even if you add new units to the
army during the battle that have a
different allegiance.

Battle Traits: An allied army fights
with unity and cohesion, granting it
additional boons. See page 50 for the
battle traits available to DAUGHTERS

OF KHAINE armies.

Command Traits: Each leader has

their own style of command. See page
51 for the command traits available to

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE generals.

Artefacts of Power: These deadly

treasures are borne by the mightiest
champions of the Daughters of Khaine.
See pages 52-53 for the artefacts your
HEROES can be gifted.

Lore of Shadows: Morathi and her

sorcerous followers wield the power
of Ulgu in battle, unleashing shadow
magic to beguile, befuddle and destroy
their victims. See page 54 for the spells
available to WIZARDS from your army.

Prayers of the Khainite Cult: Devoted

followers of Khaine can beseech their
god for aid in battle. See page 55 for
the prayers available to PRIESTS from
your army.

NAMED CHARACTER

Morathi is the supreme leader of the
Daughters of Khaine, with her own
personality and items of terrifying
power. As such, she cannot have any
additional command traits or artefacts
of power in either of her forms.

MOUNTS

Some heroes have a mount, such as a
battle steed, a powerful monster that
they can ride, or a massive war machine
that they can stand upon. In all such
cases, any command traits or magical
artefacts can only be used to affect
attacks made by the hero, and have no
effect on attacks made by their mount
unless specifically stated otherwise.

BATTLEPLAN

The Daughters of Khaine have their
own unique methods and tactics in war
– the battles they fight are unlike those
of any other army. The battleplan on
page 60 allows you to wage war as the
High Oracle wills it.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

On pages 62-65 you will find rules
for playing a Path to Glory campaign
and warband tables to help you collect
your army.

WARSCROLL
BATTALIONS

Pages 70-75 describe formations made
up of several units that combine their
strengths to gain powerful new abilities.

WARSCROLLS

Pages 76-87 describe the characteristics
and abilities of the individual Daughters
of Khaine models and units.

THE TEMPLES OF KHAINE

There are a number of different sects dedicated to Khaine, each fixated on a different aspect of
their patron, and each maintaining their own war covens and temples. All bow before Morathi,
but there are rivalries, as each sect strives to hold the greater part of their god’s favour.

You can organise your collection of DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE miniatures as an army from one of the major
temples of Khaine simply by painting it in the temple’s
colours. All DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE units and
warscroll battalions in the army are then considered
to be from that temple. For example, if you decided to
organise your collection into an army of the Kraith,
each unit would be considered a Kraith unit, and each
warscroll battalion would be considered a Kraith warscroll
battalion. This does not change their allegiance.

When you organise your collection to be an army from
one of the four temples listed in this section, it benefits
from a unique extra ability, has access to a bespoke
command trait or artefact of power, and can include
additional units in certain warscroll battalions. The
rules for four of the major temples are presented on the
following pages.

If you have created your own temple, you can simply
use the rules for the temple whose backstory most
closely resembles that of your own. For example, if you
decide that your temple is known for its high numbers
of Melusai, then you may wish to use the rules for
Khailebron. If you do, then simply substitute the word
‘Khailebron’ with the name of your own temple in the
rules for Khailebron on page 59.


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

Like a whirlwind of flashing blades, the war covens of the Daughters of Khaine are fast and deadly.
This section describes the battle traits that a Daughters of Khaine army possesses, the command traits
that its general can have, and the artefacts of power its heroes can be given.

BATTLE TRAITS

A DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE army has

the following battle traits:

Fanatical Faith: Such is the power of
their belief that their god will protect
them that the Daughters of Khaine can
seemingly ignore mortal injuries.

Roll a dice each time a wound or
mortal wound is allocated to a friendly

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE model. On

a 6+ the wound is negated.

Blood Rites: As the Daughters of
Khaine fight in battle they are led by
priestesses in holy rites of bloodletting.
As more and more sacrifices are
offered to Khaine, these rituals grow
in volume and potency and the faithful
are imbued with a mote of their
god’s power.

Friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

units gain an ability each battle round,
as shown on the table to the right.
Note that all abilities are cumulative.
For example, in the second battle
round, re-roll rolls of 1 when a friendly

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit runs

and also when it charges.

BLOOD RITES TABLE

Battle
Round

Ability

1

2

3

4

Quickening Bloodlust: As battlelines are drawn, the hearts of
Khaine’s
followers thump harder and their strides grow longer
as they anticipate the battle to come.

Re-roll run rolls of 1 for this unit.

Headlong Fury : Reciting the catechism of crimson hate, the
Daughters of Khaine ready their blades and rush forwards in
their eagerness to begin the slaughter.

Re-roll dice rolls of 1 when making charge rolls for this unit.

Zealot’s Rage: The faithful chant the seventeen secret names of
Khaine as they vent their rage in a flurry of blades. As they do
so, the spirit of their murderous god is drawn to the battlefield.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this unit. In addition, if this unit is an
AVATAR OF KHA INE , it always counts as being Animated (see
the model’s warscroll).

Slaughterer’s Strength: Having anointed their blades with the
foe’s blood, Khaine’s flock are imbued with shocking strength.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this unit.

5+

Unquenchable Fervour : With due sacrifice offered, the faithful
are gripped by a vision of Khaine that banishes mortal fears and
pain in an instant.

Re-roll
save rolls of 1 for this unit. In addition, you do not need
to take battleshock tests for this unit.


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE army is a
HERO , they can have one of the following command traits
in addition to any others they have. You can either pick the
trait or roll a dice to randomly determine it. If, for any reason,
you must select a new general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

‘Listen sisters – our cauldron thirsts… Do not
stop the slaughter until we have felt the hot
lifeblood of every foe. Kill them. Kill them all.’

- Krylla, on the eve of the Solstice Slaughter

5

6

Mistress of Poisons: This general has intimate
knowledge of all poisons, and coats her blades
in an elixir that can kill a warrior with the
merest scratch.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristics of melee
weapons wielded by this general.

True Believer : This general truly believes that
they have been chosen for greatness, a conceit from
which they nonetheless draw great strength.

This general counts the current battle round
number as being 1 higher than it actually is when
determining what abilities they receive from the
Blood Rites battle trait (pg 50). This is cumulative
with other, similar abilities.

D6
1

Command Trait

Bathed in Blood: This general has bathed in the
blood of the sacrificed before battle, rejuvenating
herself and granting her healing powers.

2

3

4

Increase this general’s Wounds characteristic by
1. In addition, at the start of each of your hero
phases, you can heal 1 wound that has been
allocated to this general.

Zealous Orator : This general is a skilled
demagogue whose fiery oratory and utter disdain
for weakness inspires their followers to fight on in
the face of impossible odds.

Friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE units within
14" of this general use this general’s Bravery
characteristic instead of their own.

Bloody Sacrificer : This general has sacrificed a
hundred victims upon the altars of her temple,
and is just as adept at offering lives to Khaine on
the battlefield.

Add 1 to hit rolls for this general’s weapons.

Terrifying Beauty : This general is possessed of
a supernatural beauty that both enchants and
terrifies her foes.

Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of attacks that target
this general.


PAGEBREAK
ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE army

includes any HEROES , then one may
bear an artefact of power. Declare
which HERO has the artefact after
picking your general, and then pick
which artefact the HERO has. You can
either pick the artefact, or roll a dice to
randomly determine it.

If the HERO is a WIZARD, they may
bear an item from the Artefacts of
Shadow table (pg 53) instead of any
other artefact, and if the HERO is a
PRIEST , they may bear an item from
the Relics of Khaine table (pg 53)
instead of any other artefact. You may
choose one additional HERO to have an

artefact for each warscroll battalion you
include in your army. A HERO cannot
have more than one artefact of power,
and an army may not include duplicates
of the same artefact of power.

Any DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE HERO can be given one of the following gifts of Morathi.

GIFTS OF MORATHI

D6
1

Gift of Morathi

Crown of Woe: Forged from the Cult of Khaine’s
first sacrificial altar, an aura of dread surrounds
the wearer of this baleful crown.

2

3

Subtract 1 from their Bravery characteristic of
enemy units that are within 7" of the bearer. The
first time the bearer slays an enemy model, the
range of this ability is increased to 14" for the
remainder of the battle.

Cursed Blade: An ancient weapon from the world-
that-was, the Cursed Blade moves with a life of
its own, seeking out the enemy’s vital organs.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1
to hit rolls made for that weapon. In addition,
each time a hit roll of 7+ is made for that weapon,
the target suffers 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage.

Amulet of Dark Fire: This amulet wreathes the
wearer in flames that burn magic instead of flesh,
granting them power ful protection against spells.

Roll a dice each time the bearer is allocated a
mortal wound that was inflicted by an enemy spell.
On a 4+ that wound is negated.

4

5

6

Crone Blade: As a Crone Blade drinks deep of its
victims’
lifeblood,
its wielder grows visibly younger
before her enemies’ very eyes, restoring her vigour
and murderlust.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Each time
an enemy model is slain by an attack made with
this weapon, you can heal 1 wound that has been
allocated to the bearer.

Thousand and One Dark Blessings: Morathi

herself has bestowed this champion with blessings
of preservation woven from the power of shadow.

Add 1 to save rolls for the bearer.

Bloodbane Venom: A deathly poison coats
one of the wielder’s blades that causes even the
tiniest wound to bleed openly and profusely,
exsanguinating the victim in seconds.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. If a model
is allocated any wounds from attacks made using
that weapon but is not slain, roll a dice after the
bearer has finished making all of their attacks. If
the roll equals or exceeds that model’s Wounds
characteristic, it is slain.


PAGEBREAK
D6
1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Any DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE HERO that is also a WIZARD can be given one of the following artefacts of shadow.

ARTEFACTS OF SHADOW

Artefact of Shadow

Shadow Stone: Crafted from a piece of darkest realmstone in
another age, this unassuming item grants the bearer mastery
of shadow magic.

Re-roll dice rolls of 1 that are made as part of a casting roll
for the bearer. In addition, add 1 to the casting roll if the
bearer attempts to cast a spell from the Lore of Shadows
(pg 54).

Rune of Ulgu: This wizard is marked with the ever-shifting
rune of Ulgu, granting them innate knowledge of the
shadowy magic that saturates that realm.

The bearer knows one additional spell from the Lore of
Shadows (pg 54).

The Mirror Glaive: The blade of this glaive is crafted from
polished realmglass, which is not only as hard as steel
but, in skilled hands, can absorb and reflect the energy of
enemy sorceries .

Each time the bearer unbinds an enemy spell, they can
immediately attempt to cast either the Mystic Shield or
Arcane Bolt spells as if it were your hero phase. Your
opponent cannot attempt to unbind this spell if the casting
roll is successful.

4

5

6

Seven-fold Shadow : This wizard possesses a living shadow,
one that moves on its own and can, at a command, envelop
them entirely and transport them through the shadow realm.

Once per battle,
instead of moving the bearer in your
movement phase, you can remove them from the battlefield
and set them up anywhere on the battlefield more than
9" from any enemy models. This is their move for that
movement phase.

Crystal Heart: Morathi’s

jealousy was such that she turned
this wizard’s heart to living crystal. Great magic resides
within the crystal, but every time this power is used another
crack appears…

The bearer can attempt to cast a second spell in each of your
hero phases. If they do so, roll a dice before the casting roll
is made. On a 1, the bearer suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Shade Claw : Dipped in the Stygian depths of a gloom lake,
this claw slips in and out of reality, passing through armour
as if it were nothing.

The bearer’s Whisperclaw has a Rend characteristic of -2.

Any DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE PRIEST can be given one of the following relics of Khaine.

RELICS OF KHAINE

Relic of Khaine

Blood Sigil: This token is inscribed with a mysterious sigil of
power and entrusted to only the highest-ranking members of
the Khainite Cult.

The bearer knows one additional prayer from the Prayers of
the Khainite Cult (pg 55).

Iron Circlet: During its forging, this headband was
quenched in the blood of a sacrificed Slaughter Queen so that
her indomitable faith would forever bolster the wearer’s.

Whenever
the bearer prays, re-roll rolls of 1 when seeing if
the prayer is successful or not.

Rune of Khaine: Inscribed into the supplicant’s
forehead
during a day-long ceremony,
it is said that Khaine’s bloody
vengeance will find those who harm the bearer of this rune.

When the bearer is slain, roll a dice. On a 1 nothing
happens. On 2-5 the unit that slew them suffers D3
mortal wounds. On a 6 the unit that slew them suffers D6
mortal wounds.

4

5

6

Crimson Shard: Rumoured to have been forged from a sliver
of Khaine’s own sword, this blade is amongst the cult’s most
holy ar tefacts.

The bearer’s Blade of Khaine has a To Wound characteristic
of 2+.

Khainite Pendant: Those who bear this pendant can call for
Khaine’s blessings as easily as breathing, but woe betide them
if they are ever found unworthy.

The bearer can pray three times in your hero phase.
However,
the first time a 1 is rolled when the bearer prays
and they are found unworthy,
they suffer D3 mortal wounds
instead of 1.

Hagbrew : Before the battle, this priestess has ceremonially
imbibed a draught of the rare and potent Hagbrew, entering
a berserker trance.

Add 1 to wound rolls for the bearer’s melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF SHADOWS

There are none, save perhaps Malerion, who know more of the magic of Ulgu than does
Morathi. Since the Age of Myth, the High Oracle of Khaine has taught her many disciples how to
weave deadly illusions and summon lethal darkness using its power.

Each WIZARD in a DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE army knows one spell from the Lore of Shadows in addition to any others
they know. You can either pick the spell, or roll a D6 on the table below to randomly determine it.

D6
1

Spell

Steed of Shadows: A coal-black creature with wings
of night materialises from the darkness and swoops
across the battlefield, carrying the caster swiftly above
the fray.

Steed of Shadows has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, then until the start of your next
hero phase, the caster can fly and has a Move
characteristic of 16".

2

Pit of Shades: The wizard opens a rift to the infamous
Pit of Shades. Terrified warriors fall screaming
through the portal, plummeting to a shadowy no-
place filled with the incessant wailing of ‘those who
dwell beyond’.

Pit of Shades has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Roll two dice and add the scores
together. The enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound
for each point by which the total exceeds their
Move characteristic.

4

The Withering: The wizard plants overwhelmingly
vivid images of frailty and doubt in her foe’s minds.

The Withering has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until the start of your next hero
phase, add 1 to wound rolls for attacks that target
that unit.

5

Mindrazor: The wizard summons spectral blades
into her allies’ hands, weapons whose edges are honed
by the wielder’s
faith as much as the victim’s fear.

Mindrazor has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
unit within 18" of the caster. Until the start of your
next hero phase, the Rend characteristic of that
unit’s melee weapons is improved by 1 (e.g. a Rend
characteristic of ‘-’ becomes -1). In addition, the
Damage characteristic of the unit’s melee weapons
is increased by 1 while attacking a target that has a
lower Bravery characteristic than they do.

3

Mirror Dance: The wizard chants a spell of shifting,
revealing a shadowpath between two distant allies
that allows them to switch places in a heartbeat.

6

Shroud of Despair : Numbing darkness descends
upon the battlefield, smothering the foe’s will to fight.

Mirror Dance has a casting value of 4. If successfully
cast, pick two friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
HEROES within 24" of the caster. So long as neither
HERO is within 6" of any other unit, the two models
can swap positions on the battlefield (neither can be
set up within 3" of any enemy units).

Shroud of Despair has a casting value of 4. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until the
start of your next hero phase, subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of that unit. If the spell was
successfully cast with a casting roll of 8 or more,
subtract D3 from that unit’s Bravery instead.


PAGEBREAK
PRAYERS OF THE KHAINITE CULT

Through blood, invocation, violence and gruesome rites, the followers of Khaine can summon power
from a source beyond. Unbeknownst to them, however, such potent forces are channelled through a
common source – Morathi’s Máthcoir, the mother of all cauldrons.

Each PRIEST in a DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE army knows one

prayer from the six Prayers of the Khainite Cult in addition to
any others they know. You can either pick the prayer, or roll a
D6 on the table below to randomly determine it.

A model that knows such a prayer can pray twice in your
hero phase instead of only once. However,
the same Prayer of
the Khainite Cult can only be prayed for once in each of your
hero phases, regardless of how many priests know that prayer.

D6
1

Prayer
Catechism of Murder : Khaine’s

followers enter a
killing frenzy that knows no bounds,
lashing out in
a slicing storm of razored steel that sees the ground
become slick with the enemy’s
lifeblood.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within
14" of the priest. Until the start of your next hero
phase, each time you make a hit roll of 6 (after re-rolls,
but before modifiers are applied) for that unit in the
combat phase, that attack inflicts 2 hits instead of 1.

Blessing of Khaine: Screaming her sisters’ devotion
to the skies, the priestess channels their faith into a
potent aura of protection that turns aside the enemy’s
blows at the last moment.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within
14" of the priest. Until the start of your next hero phase,
re-roll failed Fanatical Faith rolls (pg 50) for that unit.

6

Martyr’s Sacrifice: The priestess shrieks an oath of
vengeance and spite, beseeching Khaine to give those
faithful who are struck down the strength to deliver
one final blow.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within
14" of the priest. Until the start of your next hero
phase, each time a model from that unit is slain in the
combat phase, roll a dice. On a 5 or 6 the attacking
unit suffers 1 mortal wound after it has finished
making all of its attacks.

2

3

4

Crimson Rejuvenation: A coppery tang fills the air
as a bloody mist with restorative powers surrounds
Khaine’s
chosen, sealing their wounds in moments.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within
14" of the priest (you cannot pick Morathi,
in either of
her forms). You can heal up to D3 wounds that have
been allocated to a model from that unit.

5

Covenant of the Iron Heart: The hearts of the

Murder God’s
followers become as cold and hard as
iron, crushing their fears and doubts and replacing
them with a chilling contempt for weakness.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within
14" of the priest. Until the start of your next hero phase,
you do not need to take battleshock tests for that unit.

Sacrament of Blood: The dreaded rune of Khaine
spontaneously manifests on the brows of the faithful
as if carved there by some ghostly knife, rivulets of
blood running down their enraptured faces as they
are saturated with the power of their deity.

Pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit
within 14" of the priest. Until the start of your next
hero phase, that unit counts the current battle round
number as being 1 higher than it actually is when
determining what abilities it receives from the Blood
Rites battle trait (pg 50). This is cumulative with
other, similar abilities.


PAGEBREAK
HAGG NAR

They are the Daughters of the First Temple,
the
Keepers of the Máthcoir, and the Chosen of Khaine.
Hagg Nar is where Morathi first established herself
in Ulgu, and where she rediscovered her faith and
pledged herself anew to Khaine. The first temple of
Khaine – the Helleheart – was built in the centre of
what was to become the sprawling city of Hagg Nar.
It remains the capital of all Khainites, a place where
any aelf dedicated to the Murder God must one day
pilgrimage. The Hagg Nar sect has spread out of the
Umbral Veil, having built temples throughout Ulgu
and established shrines in the newly established
cities of Order.

It is said by other,
jealous sects that the covenite
sisters of Hagg Nar receive the greater portion
of Morathi’s blessings, and in many ways this
accusation appears to hold some truth. None can
equal the mastery those of Hagg Nar display at the
blood rites – the rituals taught to all Daughters of
Khaine by the High Oracle herself, which instil them
with the terrible strength of their bloodthirsty deity.
It is said that they possess secret knowledge of the
incantations which will best court Khaine’s favour,
and at the Caillich Covens, it is the representatives
of Hagg Nar who are shown deference and
preferential treatment.

The Khainite sisters of Hag Narr wear red lacquered armour
and usually bear a large amount of gold ornamentation,
befitting of their lofty status as the First Temple. Many
within the sect dye streaks into their hair with blood.

ABILITIES

Daughters of the First Temple: Whilst a Hagg Nar unit is

benefitting from the Zealot’s Rage ability from the Blood Rites
battle trait (pg 50), you can re-roll all failed hit rolls for the
unit instead of only re-rolling hit rolls of 1.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Hagg Nar Cauldron Guard battalion (pg 71) can also
include 1 Avatar of Khaine (pg 79) or an additional

CAULDRON OF BLOOD.

COMMAND TRAIT

A Hagg Nar general must have this command trait instead of
one of those listed on page 51:

Devoted Disciples: This general’s belief is of such strength
that they inspire fanatical devotion in their warriors, allowing
them to stride with a righteous purpose in battle, heedless of
pain or injury.

Whenever you make a Fanatical Faith roll (pg 50) for a
friendly Hagg Nar unit within 7" of this general, the wound is
negated on a 5+ instead of a 6+.


PAGEBREAK
DRAICHI GANETH

Bold and ostentatious, those of Draichi Ganeth – or
the Executioner’s Cult – believe that Khaine is best
honoured through the killing blow. Each strives
to achieve rapture through reaching the pinnacle
of martial prowess. They seek victory not through
cunning or manoeuvre, but through perfectly
honed combat skills. Before battle they perform
extravagant rites such as the Colmthart – the Dance
of Scars – or the Thair’nik – the Crimson Mark.
These rituals exhibit the bladecraft of the she-aelves
and foreshadow the manner in which they will
defeat their foe. Once the enemy is vanquished in
honourable combat, the Draichi Ganeth practise
Krish’ lar – the wearing of the foe’s blood.

The first temple dedicated to the Draichi Ganeth can
be found in the northern barrens of Fuarthorn in
Ulgu, but they have spread further than any other
sect. There are temples dedicated to this cult across
each of the Mortal Realms, including a shrine in
all of the major cities established during the Age of
Sigmar. To the forces of Order, these are the most
commonly seen of all the Daughters of Khaine, and
they revel in the attention brought by their ritual
combat displays, yet such shows cannot match their
exultation in delivering the final blow to any that
stand in their way.

ABILITIES

Bladed Killers: Add 1 to hit rolls for Draichi Ganeth units in
the combat phase if they charged in the same turn.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Draichi Ganeth Slaughter Troupe battalion (pg 72) can also
include up to 2 units of Witch Aelves.

The warriors of Draichi Ganeth do not colour their armour,
preferring instead to wear plates of bare steel trimmed with
silver, brass or gold. These, along with the scant fabric they
wear, are often stained crimson with gore by battle’s end.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

If your army includes any Draichi Ganeth SLAUGHTER
QUEENS , one must have the following artefact of power
instead of one chosen from pages 52-53:

The Darksword: This black sword glistens with magic and
constantly drips with fresh blood. When it is wielded in battle,
the sharp tip of the blade leaves a gleaming red trail in the air.

This SLAUGHTER QUEEN ’S Deathsword has an Attacks
characteristic of 4.


PAGEBREAK
THE KRAITH

No other sect is as dedicated to slaughter as the
Kraith, the dreaded Crimson Cult. The Kraith do not
have their own temples or shrines, as they believe
the true temple of Khaine is the battlefield. Instead,
Kraith war covens wander the Mortal Realms in
an endless pilgrimage in the name of the Murder
God that takes them to the temples and shrines of
the other sects. There, they offer their services to
clear lands of monsters, to eliminate marauding
orruk tribes or to fight in gladitoriums. They do
not, however, possess the militaristic restraint of the
Draichi Ganeth, and their ‘bloodless rituals’ never
remain so for long.

Those dedicated to the Kraith sect sneer upon
the Executioner’s Cult, finding their controlled
moderation to be weakness in another guise, for
it is their belief that the Daughters of Khaine were
meant to bathe in blood, not daub it on daintily. A
kill need not be artistic or honourable,
it is the killing
itself that matters. The most famous of the Kraith is
Krylla, a Slaughter Queen who is feared by foes and
allies alike. It was she that perfected the art of coating
blades with the deadly venom of Nagendra, a rite
many Hag and Slaughter Queens have adopted.

ABILITIES

Disciples of Slaughter : Roll a dice after a Kraith unit has
fought in the combat phase if there are any enemy units within
3" of it. On a 6, you can pile in and attack with that unit for a
second time.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Kraith Cauldron Guard battalion (pg 71) can include any
number of additional Hag Queens (pg 78). It can also include
any number of Slaughter Queens (pg 78).

Crimson or burgundy garments are the visual hallmarks of
the Kraith. Their metal accoutrements usually bear red-gold
trim, which contrasts with the cold green sheen of their
armaments. Many Kraith stain their forearms with gore.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

One Kraith HERO must have the following artefact of power
instead of one chosen from pages 52-53:

Venom of Nagendra: A single drop of this potent venom
anoints this Daughter’s blade, causing her victim’s blood to
boil in their veins, killing them in an explosive instant.

Once per battle, just before this HERO is chosen to fight in the
combat phase, she can use the Venom of Nagendra. When she
does so, choose one of her melee weapons (but not a weapon
used by a mount). That weapon’s Attacks characteristic is 1 for
the remainder of the phase, but if it hits, the target suffers D6
mortal wounds instead of the normal damage.


PAGEBREAK
KHAILEBRON

The ways of the Khailebron are secretive, which
is fitting, as they are a sect that worships Khaine’s
aspect as the assassin or unseen killer. There is
but one temple dedicated to their cause, and its
location is itself a carefully guarded secret, known
only to those already sworn to their clandestine
creed. By and large, the Khailebron are a nomadic
sect who travel between the temples of the other
sects. They act as a troupe of blade dancers, but in
reality are on secret missions assigned to them by
the High Oracle. If allies or even rebellious factions
of Khainites cause Morathi problems, she turns to
the Khailebron.

The Great Sorceress herself has taught the
Khailebron shadow magics, and their war covens
always march under cover of thick, cloying clouds of
mist. No matter what the foe sees, or thinks they see,
the warriors of Khailebron still manage to emerge
from unexpected quarters, striking quickly and
with great surprise. The slithering presence of the
serpent-bodied Melusai is always felt amongst the
Khailebron, although illusionary spells might mask
their true visage when the war covens arrive in the
cities of Order.

Blending in with the shadows, the leather and cloth worn by
the Khailebron is dyed dark blue or purple. Their armour is
brass or bronze, dulled to minimise any tell-tale glint, and
their skin is often tattooed with jagged black designs.

ABILITIES

COMMAND TRAIT

Concealment and Stealth: Subtract 1 from hit rolls that
target Khailebron units in the shooting phase.

A Khailebron general must have this command trait instead
of one of those listed on page 51:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Khailebron Temple Nest battalion (pg 73) can include up to
2 additional MELUSAI units.

Mistress of Illusion: This general is an illusionist of supreme
skill, concealing the true position of her followers and guiding
them through shadow paths with consummate ease.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick a friendly
Khailebron unit within 7" of this general. If that unit is
more than 3" from any enemy models, remove it from the
battlefield and then set it up anywhere on the battlefield more
than 9" from any enemy models. The unit cannot move in
your next movement phase.


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

THE ALTAR OF WAR

BATTLEPLAN: THE ALTAR OF
WAR

The battlefield represents an ancient site
that Khaine’s followers deem should be
consecrated with the blood of the slain.

THE BATTLEFIELD

ADVERSARY’S
OBJECTIVES

A zealous mob approaches,
intent on
sacrificing your warriors in the name
of their deity. Stand firm and slay them
first, and they will realise that their so-
called god has abandoned them.

Players can choose to set up
any scenery as described on the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules sheet,

or use the example scenery shown
on the map.

SET-UP

Starting with the adversary, each
player takes it in turns to set up a unit
anywhere wholly within their own
territory as shown on the map.

FIRST TURN

The Daughters of Khaine player
chooses which player has the first turn
in the first battle round.

THE BLOOD OFFERING

Keep count of how many enemy
units were slain in each battle round.
If, at the end of a battle round,
more adversary units were slain
than Daughters of Khaine units, the
Daughters of Khaine player earns 1
blood offering point and their army has
Khaine’s Favour during the next battle
round (see opposite). If, at the end of
the battle round, more Daughters of
Khaine units were slain than adversary
units, the adversary player earns 1
blood offering point instead and the
Daughters of Khaine army suffers
Khaine’s Displeasure during the next
battle round (see opposite). No blood
offering points are earned if an equal
number of units were slain from each
side during that battle round.

HOW TO USE
BATTLEPLANS

This battleplan enables you to
fight a battle that epitomises the
zealous and bloody fighting style
of the Daughters of Khaine. This
battle should be fought using all
of the rules on the Warhammer
Age of Sigmar rules sheet unless
specifically indicated otherwise.
The battleplan includes a map
reflecting the landscape on which
the battle should be fought; the
map shows a battlefield that is
6 feet by 4 feet in size, but you
can use a smaller or larger area if
you wish.

When the Daughters of Khaine
take to war they offer the lifeblood
of their enemies as a sacrifice upon
the altar of the battlefield itself. As
their foes are slain they draw great
streng th from their belief in Khaine,
but should their own warriors be
mar tyred in great numbers their faith
may falter.

THE ARMIES

One player commands an army of

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , and the

other commands an army of adversaries.

DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE PLAYER’S
OBJECTIVES

The Murder God requires a copious
offering of freshly spilled gore if the
blood rites are to be fulfilled and his
followers are to receive his blessing.
March forth and slay the unworthy
without mercy, and feel Khaine’s
strength become your own!

Adversary’s Battlefield Edge

Daughters of Khaine Player’s Battlefield Edge


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

KHAINE’S FAVOUR

The Daughters of Khaine feel
empowered, and their belief in the
supremacy of their god reaches new
heights as their foes’ blood saturates
the battlefield.

Whilst your army has Khaine’s Favour,

friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

units count the current battle round
number as being 1 higher than it
actually is when determining what
abilities they receive from the Blood
Rites battle trait (pg 50). This is
cumulative with other, similar abilities.

KHAINE’S DISPLEASURE

The Daughters of Khaine feel that they
have been abandoned by their god, for
how else could their foe best them? Their
faith is sorely shaken.

Otherwise the battle lasts for five battle
rounds. The player that has earned the
most blood offering points by the end
of the fifth battle round wins a major
victory. Any other result is a draw.

Whilst your army suffers Khaine’s
Displeasure, friendly DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE units lose their Fanatical Faith
battle trait (pg 50).

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory conditions

on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar

rules sheet. Instead, if a player has no
models on the battlefield at the end
of a battle round, the battle ends and
their opponent wins a major victory.

‘Hack them. Slay them. Let
none escape, for their hearts
shall burn upon our altars, their
blood shall fill our cauldron.
Let our tribute be so great that
Khaine himself looks down from
his iron throne.’

- Slaughter Queen Dhuzhar


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY CAMPAIGNS

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of
Sigmar. Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking
advantage of this age of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to Glory
campaign, you will need two or more
players. All players will need to have at
least one HERO , who is their champion,
and must then create a warband to
follow and fight beside their champion
during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
will gain their warband favour. The
warband will swell in numbers as more
warriors flock to their banner, while
existing troops become more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you will be granted
a final test. Succeed, and your glory will
be affirmed for all time, and you will be
crowned as the victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your army
consists of a mighty champion battling
to earn the favour of the gods, and their
entire band of loyal followers. As you
wage war against other warbands, your
own warband will grow, and existing
units will become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which you
can download for free from
games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the
warband and the rewards they can
receive for fighting battles. The
warband tables included in this
battletome let you collect a warband

with the DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of ORDER , CHAOS ,

DEATH and DESTRUCTION .

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion you
choose will determine the number
of followers in your warband. Give
your champion a suitably grand
name, and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to generate your starting
followers. These can be chosen
from the followers tables for your
allegiance. If your allegiance has
more than one followers table you
can freely choose which ones you
use, selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate and
roll on the followers tables instead.
To make a followers roll, pick a
column from one of the followers
tables and then roll a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be organised
into units. The follower table tells
you how many models the unit
has. Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Chaos warband
followers can only be given the mark
of their champion’s patron. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward. No
champion or unit can start the Path
to Glory campaign with more than
one reward each.


PAGEBREAK
6. Finally, give your warband a name,
one that will inspire respect and
dread in your rivals. Your warband is
now complete, and you can fight your
first battle. Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against other
warbands taking part in the campaign.
You can fight battles as and when you
wish, and can use any of the battleplans

available for Warhammer Age of

Sigmar . There are some battleplans, for

example in the General’s Handbook ,

that have been designed specifically for
use in Path to Glory campaigns.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their full roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is
assumed that they were merely injured,
and they are back to full strength for
your next game, thirsty for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign are
vying for glory. The amount of glory
they have received is represented by
the Glory Points that the warband has
accumulated. Glory can be increased
by fighting and winning battles, as
described next. As a warband’s glory
increases, it will also attract additional
followers, and a warband’s champion
may be granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after a
battle is complete. If the warband drew
or lost the battle, it receives 1 Glory
Point. If it won the battle, it receives D3
Glory Points (re-roll a result of 1 on the
D3 if you won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster. Once
you have won 10 Glory Points, you will
have a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a dice to
determine which option to take (1-2 =
Additional Followers, 3-4 = Champion’s
Reward, 5-6 = Follower’s Reward).

1 Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or roll for a
random one from a follower table,
then add it to your warband roster.
You can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from any of
the follower tables from an allied
warband table i.e. a warband table
whose allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own. In either
case, if you wish to add a unit from
a follower table that requires more
than ‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if you
do not have enough Glory Points,
you cannot choose a unit from such
a table). Once 5 new units have
joined your warband, you will have
a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

2 Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows. Roll on
your allegiance’s champion rewards
table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
champion has already received, roll
again until you get a different result.

3 Follower’s Reward: Your warriors

become renowned for mighty deeds.
Pick a unit of followers (not one
from an allied warband table), then
roll on your allegiance’s followers
rewards table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
unit has already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path to
Glory campaign; either by Blood or by
Might. To win by Blood your warband
must first have 10 Glory Points. To win
by Might your warband must have at
least 5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight and win
one more battle to win the campaign. If
the next battle you fight is tied or lost,
you do not receive any Glory Points –
just keep on fighting battles until you
either win the campaign… or another
player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising the
number of Glory Points needed to win
by Blood, or the numbers of extra units
that must join it to win by Might. For
example, for a shorter campaign, you
could say that a warband only needs 5
Glory Points before the final fight, or
for a longer one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make
up the units which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood

Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood

Bloodwrack Shrine

Bloodwrack Medusa

Slaughter Queen

Hag Queen

2 units

2 units

3 units

4 units

4 units

5 units

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

1-2

5 Doomfire Warlocks

3

4

5

6

1 Avatar of Khaine

1 Bloodwrack Shrine

1 Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood

1 Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

HERO FOLLOWER TABLE

1

2

3

4

5

6

10 Witch Aelves

10 Sisters of Slaughter

5 Khinerai Heartrenders

5 Khinerai Lifetakers

5 Blood Sisters

5 Blood Stalkers

1-2

3-4

5-6

1 Hag Queen

1 Slaughter Queen

1 Bloodwrack Medusa

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

As your warband progresses along the Path to Glory, favoured units will become renowned across the Mortal Realms.

D6
1

2

3

4

Reward

Evasive: Re-roll hit rolls of 6 against this unit.

5

Zealots: This unit never has to take battleshock tests.

Fleet of Foot: Whenever this unit runs, it can move
up to an extra 6" (you do not have to roll).

Inured to Pain: Re-roll save rolls of 1 for this unit.

Khaine’s Devotees: When determining what abilities
this unit receives from the Blood Rites battle trait
(pg 50), it counts the battle round number as being
1 higher than it actually is. This is cumulative with
other, similar effects.

6

Blood Fury : You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit.


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

As your champion progresses along the Path to Glory, they may be gifted with great rewards – or suffer an
altogether more tragic fate…

2D6 Result
2
Morathi’s

Jealousy : Your champion’s
rising glory has
stoked Morathi’s jealousy. Should she ever fail in her
appointed task, eternal servitude will be her fate. If
the champion is ever slain, you lose D3 Glory Points
(to a minimum of 0), and must remove all rewards
your champion has gained from this table so far from
your warband roster. If your warband has another
HERO , that model now becomes your champion (if
you do not have any HEROES , immediately generate
one from the hero follower table to become your new
champion). Write down your new champion’s name
on your warband roster ready for the next battle.

3

4

5

Loss of Faith: Your champion is sometimes cursed
with despair and a loss of faith, which occasionally
manifests as a seething rage. Roll a dice for the
champion in each of your hero phases. On a 1,
until your next hero phase, re-roll hit and wound
rolls of 6 for your champion. On a 4+, until your
next hero phase, re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for
your champion.

War Cry : Once per battle, in your hero phase, your
champion can loose a war cry. If they do so, add 1 to
hit rolls for your champion and all units from their
warband for the rest of the turn.

Decapitating Strike: When your champion is chosen
to fight in the combat phase, instead of making any
attacks, they can attempt a decapitating strike after
piling in. If they do so, select a single model within
1" and roll a dice. If the roll exceeds that model’s
Wounds characteristic, it is slain.

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

Poisoned Weapon: Pick one weapon used by the
champion (it cannot be a weapon used by their
mount if they have one). Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with this weapon.

Forever Youthful: Add 1 to your champion’s
Wounds characteristic.

Bloodthirsty Demagogue: Add 1 to the Bravery

characteristic of your champion and units from your
warband that are within 8" of them.

Blessed by Morathi: If your champion is a WIZARD,
add 1 to casting rolls made for them. If your champion
is a PRIEST, add 1 to the dice roll when they pray to
see whether the prayer is successful or not.

Eager to Sacrifice: Add 1 to run or charge rolls for
your champion. Add 3 instead if there are any enemy
HEROES within 12" of your champion.

Perfervid Belief: Re-roll failed Fanatical Faith rolls
(pg 50) for your champion.

High Priestess: Whilst your champion is on the
battlefield, count the battle round number as being
1 higher than it actually is when determining what
abilities the units in your warband receive from the
Blood Rites battle trait (pg 50). This is cumulative
with other, similar effects.


PAGEBREAK
DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE TACTICS

Once you have fought a few battles with your Daughters of Khaine, you will no doubt be eager
to employ some more advanced tactics on the tabletop. Here we give some insights on how to use
Morathi, and highlight several powerful combinations available to the different Khainite temples.

Morathi is unique in Warhammer Age
of Sigmar in that she can transform
into a different aspect – the Shadow
Queen – during your battle. Both
aspects of Morathi have their strengths
and weaknesses.

Morathi as the High Oracle of Khaine
is an excellent general. Her Worship
Through Bloodshed command ability
doubles up to two units’ damage output
for the turn. Furthermore, in this
form Morathi is a wizard of almost
unrivalled skill. Her Sorceress Supreme
ability doubles the range of her spells,

meaning she can hurl arcane bolts
across the battlefield from the start of
the battle. However,
in her Shadow
Queen aspect, Morathi’s ability to
command and her magical capabilities
are greatly diminished. Instead, she can
fly across the battlefield before single-
handedly butchering her way through
the toughest opponents in combat, safe
in the knowledge that, due to the Iron
Heart of Khaine, she can suffer no more
than 3 wounds a turn, making her very
tough indeed. She also gains the ability
to transfix an opponent with her deadly
gaze, potentially slaying them outright.

Whilst Morathi’s transformation can
happen when she suffers wounds, it is
more likely to occur when you decide,
and this makes for a very important
decision. Transform her too soon
and you miss out on all her wizardly
prowess, but transform her too late
and she might have suffered a lot of
damage, and so might not be fighting at
her full potential as the Shadow Queen.
Remember that while the Iron Heart of
Khaine means she can never lose more
than 3 wounds a turn, any damage
inflicted before her transformation is
doubled upon her metamorphosis.


PAGEBREAK
HAGG NAR: CAULDRONS OF BLOOD

A CAULDRON OF BLOOD makes for an

exceptional Hagg Nar general, acting as a

lynchpin and force-multiplier for the entire

army. The combination of its Bloodshield

ability and the Devoted Disciples command

trait grants your fragile Daughters of

Khaine much-needed protection. Consider

the Thousand and One Dark Blessings

artefact for this general too, making a

tough model even more resilient. If you

have other battalions, the Iron Circlet or

Khainite Pendant will ensure your prayers

are answered, and the Avatar of Khaine

atop the cauldron can awaken and add its

attacks to the fray. Otherwise, make sure

you also have another PRIEST or two,

such as a Hag Queen. Remember that the

Wrath of Khaine prayer is not one of the

six Prayers of the Khainite cult, so can be

attempted by more than one PRIEST in

the same turn (besides, if you have several

Avatars of Khaine, you will need several

PRIESTS to awaken them). That way you

can also use the Crimson Rejuvenation

prayer to mitigate any wounds your general

does suffer, and Sacrament of Blood to

ensure your units get the benefit of their

First Daughter of Khaine ability that much

quicker. Finally,

if you have any Hagg Nar

WIZARDS in your army, Mirror Dance is

great, as it is able to transport your general

to wherever they are needed the most to

protect and boost your troops.

KHAILEBRON: BLOOD STALKERS

Whilst deadly at range, Blood Stalkers

are vulnerable to any return fire, but the

Khailebron’s Concealment and Stealth

ability will help to keep them alive whilst

they slay the enemy from afar. To get even

more out of their shooting, team them

up with a PRIEST to use Sacrament of

Blood in order to access the Zealot’s Rage

or Slaughterer’s Strength abilities from

the Blood Rites table as soon as possible.

Alternatively, use a Khailebron WIZARD

to cast the Withering on your victims and

watch that bow fire reap a bloody tally.

If Khailebron Blood Stalkers are taken

as part of a Temple Nest battalion, then

to eliminate the threat they pose your

opponent will need to close the distance

to negate their Concealment and Stealth,

at which point they are forced into your

Bloodwrack Shrine’s Aura of Agony –

which they would otherwise be trying hard

to avoid. If you happen to have Morathi in

your army, Blood Stalkers are good targets

for her Worship Through Bloodshed ability,

especially on turns 1 and 2, when they are

unlikely to be in combat and Morathi has

yet to transform into the Shadow Queen.

DRAICHI GANETH: BLOOD SISTERS

Draichi Ganeth Blood Sisters are very good

shock-assault units, able to scythe through

lesser infantry with ease and slay tough

foes using their crystal touch. They are

lethal on the charge, their Bladed Killers

ability allowing you to add 1 to hit rolls

for them, meaning that they can inflict

mortal wounds on dice rolls of 3+. They

should always be accompanied by a Draichi

Ganeth Slaughter Queen, preferably one on

foot so that she can keep pace with them.

The Catechism of Murder prayer means

that any hit rolls of 6 made for the Blood

Sisters inflict 2 hits – that’s potentially 2

mortal wounds from each model. The

Slaughter Queen, with her Deathsword,

can then use her Dance of Doom prayer to

make up to 8 attacks dealing D3 damage

each. In the next turn, use her Orgy of

Slaughter ability on the Blood Sisters to

allow them to fight again, hopefully freeing

them up so that they can move and charge

a second unit. They will now perform

even better than they did in the previous

battle round because of the extra benefit

they will have gained from the Blood Rites

battle trait.

THE KRAITH: WITCH AELVES

Several units of Kraith Witch Aelves can

decimate the enemy, especially when used

alongside a Kraith WIZARD who casts

Mindrazor. The high number of attacks

that the Witch Aelves can make maximises

the damage potential of this combination,

so long as you target units with a lower

Bravery characteristic. Using such a

unit alongside a Kraith general with the

Zealous Orator command trait and/or an

AVATAR OF KHAINE will mean they

will certainly be braver than any Battleline

unit they face. If combined with a second

HERO bearing the Crown of Woe, or a

WIZARD casting Shroud of Despair, then

even elite units need to beware. The reason

this tactic works so well with the Kraith

is their Disciples of Slaughter ability ; if

after attacking you roll a 6, then you get to

fight with your boosted unit all over again.

However,

this unit of Witch Aelves will

become a priority target for your opponent

– they will do everything in their power

to destroy it before it rampages through

their lines. If a Kraith PRIEST can use the

Martyr’s Sacrifice on the unit then your

opponent has a dilemma: even if they do

attack first, there’s still a good chance that

the Witch Aelves will inflict significant

damage in return.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

The warriors and creatures that battle in the Mortal Realms are incredibly diverse, and to represent
this, every model has a warscroll that lists the characteristics, weapons and abilities that apply to it.

Every Citadel Miniature in the
Warhammer range has its own
warscroll, which provides you with all
of the information needed to use that
model in a game of Warhammer Age
of Sigmar . More information about
what a warscroll contains, along with a
number of hints and tips for their use,
can be found on the page opposite.

In addition, you can organise the
units in your army into a special type
of formation by using a warscroll
battalion. Doing so will give you access

to additional abilities that can be used
by the units in the battalion.

When you are setting up, you can
set up all of the units in a warscroll
battalion instead of setting up a single
unit. Alternatively, you can set up
some of the units from a warscroll
battalion, and set up any remaining
units individually later on, or you can
set up all of the units individually.

Usually, a unit can only belong to
one battalion, and so can only benefit

from a single set of battalion abilities.
However, some very large battalions
include other, smaller battalions, and
in this case it is possible for a unit
to benefit from the abilities of two
different battalions at the same time.

The key below explains what you will
find on a warscroll battalion.

4. Allegiance:

If a battalion has an
allegiance, its units can be included
in an army that has that allegiance
even if they do not have that keyword
on their warscroll. However,
its
units only benefit from that army’s
allegiance abilities if they have
the appropriate keyword on their
warscroll. A battalion can still be
part of any allegiance that all its units
have on their warscrolls.

1. Title: The name of the warscroll
battalion and a short overview of the
background for it and how it fights.

2. Organisation: This section lists the
units that make up the warscroll
battalion and any restrictions that
may apply to the models that you can
include.

3. Abilities: Every warscroll battalion
includes one or more abilities that
some or all of the units from the
battalion can use. The abilities listed
for a warscroll battalion only apply
to the units that make it up (even if
there are other units of the same type
in your army). These abilities are in
addition to the abilities listed on the
units’ warscrolls.


PAGEBREAK
Modifiers: Many warscrolls include
modifiers that can affect characteristics.
For example, a rule might add 1 to
the Move characteristic of a model, or
subtract 1 from the result of a hit roll.
Modifiers are cumulative.

Random Values: Sometimes, the

Move or weapon characteristics on a
warscroll will have random values. For
example, the Move characteristic for
a model might be 2D6 (two dice rolls
added together), whereas the Attacks
characteristic of a weapon might be D6.

When a unit with a random Move
characteristic is selected to move in
the movement phase, roll the indicated
number of dice. The total of the dice
rolled is the Move characteristic for all
models in the unit for the duration of
that phase.

Generate any random values for a
weapon (except Damage) each time it
is chosen as the weapon for an attack.
Roll once and apply the result to all
such weapons being used in the attack.
The result applies for the rest of that
phase. For Damage, generate a value for
each weapon that inflicts damage.

When to Use Abilities: Abilities that

are used at the start of a phase must be
carried out before any other actions.
By the same token, abilities used at
the end of the phase are carried out
after all normal activities for the phase
are complete.

If you can use several abilities at the
same time, you can decide in which
order they are used. If both players can
carry out abilities at the same time, the
player whose turn is taking place uses
their abilities first.

Save of ‘-’: Some models have a Save of
‘-’. This means that they automatically
fail all save rolls (do not make the roll,
even if modifiers apply).

Keywords: Keywords are sometimes
linked to (or tagged) by a rule. For
example, a rule might say that it
applies to ‘all MELUSAI models’. This
means that it would apply to models
that have the MELUSAI keyword on
their warscroll.

Minimum Range: Some weapons have
a minimum range. For example 6"-48".
The weapon cannot shoot at an enemy
unit that is within the minimum range.

Weapons: Some models can be armed
with two identical weapons. When the
model attacks with these weapons, do
not double the number of attacks that
the weapons make; usually, the model
gets an additional ability instead.

1. Title: The name of the model that
the warscroll describes.

2. Characteristics: This set of

characteristics tells you how fast,
powerful and brave the model is,
and how effective its weapons are.

3. Description: The description tells
you what weapons the model can
be armed with, and what upgrades
(if any) it can be given. It will also
tell you if the model is fielded on
its own, or as part of a unit. If the
model is fielded as part of a unit,
then the description will say how
many models the unit should have
(if you don’t have enough models to
field a unit, you can still field it with
as many as you have available).

4. Abilities: Abilities are things that
the model can do during a game
that are not covered by the standard
game rules.

5. Keywords: All models have a list of
keywords. Sometimes a rule will say
that it only applies to models that
have a specific keyword.

6. Damage Table: Some models

have a damage table that is used
to determine one or more of the
model’s characteristics. Look up
the number of wounds the model
has suffered to find the value of the
characteristic in question.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

WAR COVEN OF MORATHI

No longer does Morathi attempt to rule through whispers and manipulation alone. Instead, she
marches to battle at the fore of her own war coven, eager to smite down any that defy her will. Those
who dare oppose the Daughters of Khaine find they must pay a steep price in their own blood.

ORGANISATION

The War Coven of Morathi
consists of the following units and
warscroll battalions:

• Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine
• 1 Cauldron Guard
• 1 Slaughter Troupe
• 1 Temple Nest
• 1 Shadow Patrol

ABILITIES

Blood Rituals: If your army has the DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE allegiance, units
in this battalion count the current battle round number as being 1 higher than it
actually is when determining what abilities they receive from the Blood Rites battle
trait (pg 50). This is cumulative with other, similar abilities (e.g. the True Believer
Command Trait or the Sacrament of Blood prayer).

Devout Followers: Do not take a battleshock test for War Coven of Morathi units
that are within 18" of Morathi (in either of her forms) when the test is taken.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

CAULDRON GUARD

Raised to a state of frenzied devotion by the witchbrews of their Hag Queen, the Cauldron Guard
rush forwards to carve a gaping wound in the enemy’s ranks, a gory path along which the sect’s most
powerful icon may be delivered straight into the heart of battle.

ABILITIES

Frenzied Devotees: Add 1 to run and charge rolls made for units from
this battalion.

ORGANISATION

A Cauldron Guard consists of the
following units:

• 1 HAG QUEEN

• 2 units of Witch Aelves
• 2 units of Khinerai Lifetakers


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

SLAUGHTER TROUPE

Honed in ritual duels, gladiatorial fights and battles beyond count, the skills of the Slaughter
Troupe are razor-sharp. Yet they are not rage-blind berserkers, but canny fighters able to engage and
disengage from melee as best serves their needs – charging into and out of combat at will.

ORGANISATION

ABILITIES

A Slaughter Troupe consists of the
following units:

Gladiatorial Acrobatics: Slaughter Troupe units that retreat can still shoot and
charge in the same turn.

• 1 SLAUGHTER QUEEN

• 2 units of Sisters of Slaughter
• 2 units of Khinerai Heartrenders


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

TEMPLE NEST

With the speed of striking snakes, the Melusai of the Temple Nest move quickly to exploit any
weakness. Against such supernatural peril the slightest hesitation or fumble can prove fatal, leaving
the victim ripe for a heart-plucking stab or gazing directly into the blood-boiling stare of the Medusa.

ORGANISATION

A Temple Nest consist of the
following units:

• 1 BLOODWRACK MEDUSA

• 2 units of Blood Stalkers
• 2 units of Blood Sisters

ABILITIES

Lethal Transfixion: Each time your opponent makes a hit roll of 1 when attacking
a Temple Nest unit in the combat phase, the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after all of its attacks have been made.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

SHADOW PATROL

The outriders and scouts of the war covens, Shadow Patrols are masters at finding secret paths. It is
said they can travel via the shadows themselves, covering vast distances in the blink of an eye to appear
from some unexpected quarter. Nowhere is safe from a sudden strike from out of the shadows.

ORGANISATION

A Shadow Patrol consists of the
following units:

• 2 units of Doomfire Warlocks

• 4 units of KHINERAI HARPIES

ABILITIES

Shadowpaths: Once per battle round, instead of moving in your movement phase,
one unit from this battalion that is more than 3" from any enemy models can move
along the shadowpaths. If it does so, remove the unit from the battlefield, then set
it up anywhere on the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy models. This is its
move for that movement phase.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

SHADOWHAMMER COMPACT

The battle lust and blood rituals of the Khainites are disturbing to even the most hard-hearted
Stormhosts of the Stormcast Eternals. However, when it comes to fighting the enemies of Order –
especially the forces of Chaos – there are no allies more eager to slay than the Daughters of Khaine.

ORGANISATION

The Shadowhammer Compact
consists of the following units:

• 1 Slaughter Queen
• 2 units of Witch Aelves

• 1 unit of KHINERAI HARPIES

• 1 unit of Blood Stalkers
• 2 units of Liberators
• 1 unit of Prosecutors
• 1 unit of Judicators

ABILITIES

Righteous Fervour : In your hero phase, choose one DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
unit from this battalion and one STORMCAST ETERNAL unit from this battalion
that are within 6" of each other. Both units can either make a normal move as if it
were your movement phase, shoot as if it were your shooting phase, or pile in and
attack as if it were the combat phase. Both units must perform the same action
(if only one of the units is able to perform the action you chose – for example, if
one of the units shoots but the other has no missile weapons – then the other unit
does nothing).


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

MORATHI, HIGH ORACLE OF KHAINE

The High Oracle of Khaine and dark sorceress supreme, Morathi is the matriarch of the zealous Daughters of Khaine. The
arcane powers of shadow are hers to command. Her radiant beauty can mesmerise foes, leaving them open for a fatal thrust from
Heartrender, her aptly named spear. Morathi is queen of deception, and there is more to her than meets the eye.

6

6"

9

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Heartrender

Bladed Wings

2"

2"

3

6

3+

3+

3+

3+

-1

-1

D3

1

DESCRIPTION

Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine is a single model.
She attacks her foes with sweeping blows of her
bladed wings, and with strikes from the magical
spear, Heartrender. She also carries the Iron Heart
of Khaine.

ABILITIES
Monstrous Transformation: At the start of

your hero phase, Morathi can transform into her
monstrous aspect. See the Morathi,
the Shadow
Queen warscroll (pg 77) for a description of how
Morathi transforms.

The Truth Revealed: If Morathi

is wounded, there
is a chance she wi l l no longer be able to contain
her wrath and wi l l transform into her monstrous
aspect. Roll a dice at the start of your hero phase.
If the result is equal to or less than the number
of wounds currently allocated to Morathi, she
transforms as described on the Morathi,
the
Shadow Queen warscroll (pg 77).

The Iron Heart of Khaine: Morathi, High Oracle

of Khaine cannot be healed, but no more than 3
wounds can be allocated to her in any one turn.
Any additional wounds and/or mortal wounds
allocated to her in the same turn are negated and
have no effect.

Sorceress Supreme: Add 1 to casting and

unbinding rolls made for Morathi, High Oracle of
Khaine. In addition, double the range of spells she
attempts to cast.

Enchanting Beauty : Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of
attacks that target Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine.

MAGIC

Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine is a WIZARD . She
can attempt
to cast three spells in your hero phase,
and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero
phase. She knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Arnzipal’s Black Horror spells.

ARNZIPAL’S BLACK HORROR

A roiling black cloud of energy sw irls into existence,
smoking tendrils lashing out from it to clutch at
those nearby.

Arnzipal’s Black Horror has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them and roll a dice. On
a 1 that unit suffers 1 mortal wound, on a 2 or 3 it
suffers D3 mortal wounds, and on a 4+ it suffers D6
mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITY
Worship Through Bloodshed: If Morathi,

High Oracle of Khaine is your general, you can
use this ability.
If you do, pick up to 2 friendly

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE units within 14" of

Morathi (you cannot choose Morathi herself ).
Those units can immediately shoot as if it were
the shooting phase. Alternatively,
if either unit is
within 3" of an enemy unit, it can instead be chosen
to pile in and attack as if it were the combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , HERO, WIZARD, MORATHI, HIGH ORACLE OF KHAINE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

MORATHI, THE SHADOW QUEEN

Beneath Morathi’s aura of beauty lies a darksome secret. Her true form is that of a monstrosity – her vast serpentine body blessed with
enormous wings and crowned with writhing snakes. In her Shadow Queen form she possesses tremendous strength, venom so potent
that the smallest drop can slay the mightiest warrior in moments, and her stare is death itself.

12

4+

9

MISSILE WEAPONS

Gaze of Morathi

MELEE WEAPONS

Heartrender

Crown of Serpents

Envenomed Tail

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

6"

1

2+

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1"

3"

3+

3+

3+

5

1

3+

3+

3+

-2

-

-2

3

1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Heartrender

Envenomed Tail

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

14"

12"

10"

8"

6"

6

5

4

3

2

6

D6

D6

D3

D3

MAGIC

Morathi,
the Shadow Queen is a WIZARD . She
can attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase,
and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero
phase. She knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Arnzipal’s Black Horror spells.

ARNZIPAL’S BLACK HORROR

A roiling black cloud of energy sw irls into existence,
smoking tendrils lashing out from it to clutch at
those nearby.

Arnzipal’s Black Horror has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them, and roll a dice. On
a 1 that unit suffers a mortal wound, on a 2 or 3 it
suffers D3 mortal wounds, and on a 4+ it suffers D6
mortal wounds.

DESCRIPTION

Morathi,
the Shadow Queen is a single model.
She attacks her foes with the magical spear
Heartrender, her Envenomed Tail and the
dar ting bites of her Crown of Serpents. Morathi,
the Shadow Queen also carries the Iron Heart
of Khaine.

FLY

Morathi,

the Shadow Queen can fly.

ABILITIES
Monstrous Revelation: Morathi’s Shadow Queen

model is not set up on the battlefield at the start
of the battle. Instead,
it is set up when Morathi,
High Oracle of Khaine uses the Monstrous
Transformation or The Truth Revealed ability
(pg 76).

When Morathi transforms, her High Oracle of
Khaine model is removed from the battlefield and
her Shadow Queen model is set up on the spot
where she was standing before her transformation.
Morathi’s Shadow Queen model can only be set
up within 3" of an enemy unit if her High Oracle
of Khaine model was within 3" of that unit before
her transformation. If there is insufficient room
to place Morathi exactly where she was standing
before her transformation, simply place the model
as close as possible to that spot where there is
sufficient room. If, after her Shadow Queen model
has been set up, Morathi
is more than 14" away
from the spot where she was standing before her
transformation, she cannot move in the following
movement phase.

Any wounds allocated to Morathi
in her High
Oracle of Khaine form prior to her transformation
are carried over to her Shadow Queen form and
then doubled. For example,
if 3 wounds had been
allocated to Morathi
in her High Oracle of Khaine
form before she transformed, she would be set up
in her Shadow Queen form with 6 wounds already
allocated to her.

Note that Morathi cannot transform back to her
former aspect during the battle – once in her
Shadow Queen form, she stays that way for the
remainder of the battle.

If Morathi was your general in her High Oracle
of Khaine form, she remains your general in her
Shadow Queen form but she loses the Worship
Through Bloodshed command ability.

Also note that Morathi
in her Shadow Queen form
loses the Sorceress Supreme and Enchanted Beauty
abilities that she has in her High Oracle of Khaine
form (pg 76), and she can attempt
to cast and
unbind fewer spells in her Shadow Queen form.

Gaze of Morathi: If a target is hit by the Gaze of
Morathi, pick a model in the target unit and roll
a dice. If the result exceeds that model’s Wounds
characteristic,
it is slain.

The Iron Heart of Khaine: Morathi,

the Shadow
Queen cannot be healed, but no more than 3
wounds can be allocated to her in any one turn.
Any additional wounds and/or mortal wounds
allocated to her in the same turn are negated and
have no effect.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, MORATHI, THE SHADOW QUEEN


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HAG QUEEN

A Hag Queen is a priestess of Khaine, learned in blood rituals and murder rites. Her curses bring death, and her draughts of
witchbrew can stoke the fur y of nearby Khainites, driving them to new, feverish heights of violence. Never to be outdone, a Hag Queen
stabs, thrusts and slices with her deadly blade, offering her own gory tributes up to her god.

5

6"

8

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Blade of Khaine

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

4

3+

4+

-1

1

DESCRIPTION

A Hag Queen is a single model. She carries a Blade
of Khaine and a chalice of Witchbrew.

Rune of Khaine: The Hag Queen’s Blade of Khaine
has a Damage characteristic of D3 instead of 1
until your next hero phase.

ABILITIES

Priestess of Khaine: In your hero phase, a Hag
Queen can pray once. If she does, pick a prayer she
knows and roll a dice. On a result of 1 she is found
unworthy and suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 2
nothing happens. On a 3+ the prayer is successful
and its effect takes place. A Hag Queen knows the
Rune of Khaine and Touch of Death prayers:

Touch of Death: Pick a unit within 3" of this
model and then hide a dice in one of your hands.
Your opponent must pick a hand;
if that hand is
holding the dice, the unit you picked suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , HERO, PRIEST, HAG QUEEN

Witchbrew : Distilled from the blood of Slaughter
Queens, witchbrew drives the imbiber into such an
ecstasy of destruction that they wi l l fight on in the
face of impossible odds. In your hero phase, you

can pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

unit within 3" of this model to dr ink witchbrew.
If you do, then until your next hero phase you
can re-roll failed wound rolls for that unit’s melee
weapons, and you do not need to take battleshock
tests for the unit.

SLAUGHTER QUEEN

It is a Slaughter Queen’s role to embody the aggression and martial prowess of Khaine himself, and to lead the charge into battle. With
a blade in each hand, the Slaughter Queen hacks and spins in the maelstrom of close combat, chanting battle rites to inspire Khainites
and urging them forward to smite down all who oppose them. To bathe in the blood of her foes is her only true desire…

5

6"

9

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Blade of Khaine

Deathsword

1"

1"

4

3

3+

3+

4+

3+

-1

-1

1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Slaughter Queen is a single model. She wields a
Blade of Khaine and a Deathsword.

Rune of Khaine: The Slaughter Queen’s Blade of
Khaine has a Damage characteristic of D3 instead
of 1 until your next hero phase.

Pact of Blood: A Slaughter Queen can attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase as if it

were a WIZARD .

ABILITIES
Priestess of Khaine: In your hero phase, a

Slaughter Queen can pray once. If she does, pick a
prayer she knows and roll a dice. On a result of 1
she is found unworthy and suffers 1 mortal wound.
On a 2 nothing happens. On a 3+ the prayer is
successful and its effect takes place. A Slaughter
Queen knows the Rune of Khaine, Touch of Death
and Dance of Doom prayers:

Touch of Death: Pick a unit within 3" of this
model and then hide a dice in one of your hands.
Your opponent must pick a hand;
if that hand is
holding the dice, the unit you picked suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Dance of Doom: Until your next hero phase, this
model can be chosen to pile in and attack twice in
the combat phase.

COMMAND ABILITY

Orgy of Slaughter : If this model is your general,
you can use this ability.
If you do, pick a friendly

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within 14" of

this model. If that unit is within 3" of an enemy
unit,
it can pile in and attack as if it were the
combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , HERO, PRIEST, SLAUGHTER QUEEN


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

AVATAR OF KHAINE

Using the power of blood sacrifices, Morathi calls upon the iron statues atop the Cauldrons of Blood. It is a rite she has taught all her
priestesses, so that they too might animate the metal giants. When the words of power are spoken, the Avatars of Khaine stride out to
fight the enemies of the Daughters of Khaine, hewing down foes with their blades, or engulfing them in jets of boiling blood.

9

9"

10

4+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Torrent of Burning Blood

MELEE WEAPONS

Avatar of Khaine’s Sword

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

10"

6

3+

3+

-1

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

4

3+

3+

-2

3

DESCRIPTION

An Avatar of Khaine is a single model. Animated
by powerful blood rites, this towering statue can
spew forth a Torrent of Burning Blood, and smites
anything that stands in its way with destructive
sweeps of its giant Sword.

ABILITIES

Wrath of Khaine: If your army includes any

AVATARS OF KHA INE , friendly DAUGHTERS

OF KHAINE PRIESTS know the Wrath of Khaine
prayer in addition to any other prayers they know :

Wrath of Khaine: Pick a friendly AVATAR OF
KHAINE on the battlefield – until your next hero
phase, it is now Animated (see below).

Animated: The Avatar of Khaine cannot move,
cannot shoot and cannot be selected to fight unless

a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE PRIEST

used the Wrath of Khaine prayer to animate it in
your preceding hero phase. Even if this model has
not been animated it is sti l l treated as a model in
your army, with the exception that enemy units
that begin their movement phase within 3" of it
can either remain stationary or move normally –
they do not have to retreat unless there is another
enemy unit within 3" of them.

Idol of Worship: Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of friendly DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE units that are within 7" of any friendly

AVATARS OF KHA INE .

KEYWORDS

ORDER , DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , TOTEM, AVATAR OF KHAINE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HAG QUEEN ON CAULDRON OF BLOOD

Greatest of all the Daughters of Khaine icons are the Cauldrons of Blood. These altars of war bear not only an iron effigy of Khaine,
but also a sacrificial cauldron that is key to many powerful rituals. The presence of a Cauldron of Blood inspires nearby worshippers,
offering them mystical protections while it crashes into enemy battle lines, wreaking havoc in the name of its murderous god.

13

5+

8

MISSILE WEAPONS

Torrent of Burning Blood

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

10"

6

3+

3+

-1

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Witch Aelves’ Sacrificial Knives

Hag Queen’s Blade of Khaine

Avatar of Khaine’s Sword

1"

1"

2"

3+

3+

3+

4

4

4+

4+

3+

-

-1

-2

1

1

3

Wounds Suffered

Move

Sacrificial Knives

Bloodshield

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2

3-5

6-8

9-10

11+

6"

5"

4"

3"

2"

8

7

6

5

4

18"

14"

10"

6"

2"

DESCRIPTION

A Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood is a single
model. The Hag Queen opens the throats of her
victims with a Blade of Khaine whilst gifting the
god’s worshippers with draughts of Witchbrew
from her chalice. The Cauldron of Blood upon
which she stands is crewed by two Witch Aelves,
who leap from its dais to attack with their
Sacrificial Knives. Atop the cauldron looms an
Avatar of Khaine, a towering statue that can be
animated by powerful blood rites to spew forth a
Torrent of Burning Blood before smiting anything
that stands in its way with destructive sweeps of its
giant Sword.

ABILITIES

Bladed Impact: Roll a dice if this model ends a
charge move within 1" of any enemy units. On a 2+
the nearest enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Bloodshield: The powerful magic that fuels the
Cauldron of Blood grants it and nearby followers
protection. The range of this ability is shown in the
damage table above. Add 1 to saving throws for

friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE units that

are wholly within this range of this model. A unit
can only be affected by a single CAULDRON OF
BLOOD’S Bloodshield ability at any one time.

Wrath of Khaine: If your army includes any

AVATARS OF KHA INE , friendly DAUGHTERS

OF KHAINE PRIESTS know the Wrath of Khaine
prayer in addition to any other prayers they know :

Wrath of Khaine: Pick a friendly AVATAR OF
KHAINE on the battlefield; until your next hero
phase it is now Animated (see below).

Animated: This model cannot use its Torrent of
Burning Blood or Avatar of Khaine’s Sword unless

a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE PRIEST

used the Wrath of Khaine prayer to animate its
statue of Khaine in your preceding hero phase.

Idol of Worship: Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of friendly DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE units that are within 7" of any friendly

AVATARS OF KHA INE .

Witchbrew : Distilled from the blood of Slaughter
Queens, witchbrew drives the imbiber into such an
ecstasy of destruction that they wi l l fight on in the
face of impossible odds. In your hero phase, you

can pick a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE

unit within 3" of this model to dr ink witchbrew.
If you do, then until your next hero phase you
can re-roll failed wound rolls for that unit’s melee
weapons, and you do not need to take battleshock
tests for the unit.

Priestess of Khaine: In your hero phase, a Hag
Queen on Cauldron of Blood can pray once. If she
does, pick a prayer she knows and roll a dice. On
a result of 1 she is found unworthy and suffers 1
mortal wound. On a 2 nothing happens. On a 3+
the prayer is successful and its effect takes place.
The Hag Queen knows the Rune of Khaine and
Touch of Death prayers:

Rune of Khaine: The Hag Queen’s Blade of Khaine
has a Damage characteristic of D3 instead of 1
until your next hero phase.

Touch of Death: Pick a unit within 3" of this
model and then hide a dice in one of your hands.
Your opponent must pick a hand;
if that hand is
holding the dice, the unit you picked suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , TOTEM, HERO, PRIEST, WITCH AELVES, HAG QUEEN,
AVATAR OF KHAINE , CAULDRON OF BLOOD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

WITCH AELVES

Together,
the Witch Aelves are the army of Khaine, devotees of bloodshed and murder. Relying upon speed and dexterity over armour,
they dash into combat, slashing at the enemy with zealous abandon. The agonised cries, spurting blood and still-beating hearts of
their foes are the finest offerings they can make to their cruel and violent god, who rewards them with a divine battle-frenzy.

1

6"

7

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Sacrificial Knife

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

3+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Witch Aelves has 10 or more models.
Some units are armed with pairs of Sacrificial
Knives, whilst others fight with single Sacrificial
Knives and Bladed Bucklers.

HAG

The leader of this unit is a Hag. Add 1 to hit rolls
for a Hag.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit can be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can charge even if it
ran in the same turn.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit can be Standard Bearers. If a
unit includes any Standard Bearers when you take
a battleshock test for it, roll two dice instead of one
and discard the highest result.

ABILITIES
Paired Sacrificial Knives: Add 1 to the Attacks

characteristic of a Witch Aelf ’s Sacrificial Knife if it
is armed with a pair of Sacrificial Knives.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , WITCH AELVES

Frenzied Fervour : If this unit is within 8" of any

friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE HEROES

in the combat phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of its Sacrificial Knives until the end
of the phase.

Bladed Buck lers: In the combat phase, Witch
Aelves with Bladed Bucklers have a Save
characteristic of 5+. In addition, each time you
make a save roll of 6 for such a unit in the combat
phase (after re-rolls, but before any modifiers are
applied), the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after it has made all of its attacks.

SISTERS OF SLAUGHTER

Masters of the kruip-lash – the barbed whip – the Sisters of Slaughter are fanatical Khaine worshippers that have dedicated their lives
and bodies to perfecting the art of dealing death. With skills honed in ritual duels and gladiatorial fights, the Sisters of Slaughter
unleash their fur y upon the battlefield, stopping at nothing to strike their foes again, and again, and again…

1

6"

7

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Barbed Whip

Sacrificial Knife

2"

1"

2

1

3+

3+

4+

4+

-

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Sisters of Slaughter has 10 or more
models. Some units are armed with Barbed Whips
and Sacrificial Knives, whilst others fight with
Barbed Whips and carr y Bladed Bucklers.

HANDMAIDEN

The leader of this unit is a Handmaiden. Add 1 to
hit rolls for a Handmaiden.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit can be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can charge even if it
ran in the same turn.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit can be Standard Bearers. If a
unit includes any Standard Bearers when you take
a battleshock test for it, roll two dice instead of one
and discard the highest result.

ABILITIES

Dance of Death: Sisters of Slaughter can be chosen
to pile in and attack in the combat phase if they are
within 6" of an enemy, and can move up to 6" when
they pile in.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , SISTERS OF SLAUGHTER

Bladed Buck lers: In the combat phase, Sisters
of Slaughter with Bladed Bucklers have a Save
characteristic of 5+. In addition, each time you
make a save roll of 6 for such a unit in the combat
phase (after re-rolls, but before any modifiers are
applied), the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after it has made all of its attacks.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SLAUGHTER QUEEN ON CAULDRON OF BLOOD

There is no greater calling for carnage than when a Slaughter Queen rides to battle atop a Cauldron of Blood. Upon her shrill
invocation, the great icon of Khaine glows, emanating a heady smell of blood and an aura of violence that inspires the Daughters of
Khaine to new heights of ferocity. Any foes not sliced apart are ground beneath iron-shod wheels or melted in geysers of boiling blood.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Torrent of Burning Blood

10"

6

3+

3+

-1

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Witch Aelves’ Sacrificial Knives

1"

3+

4+

-

1

Slaughter Queen’s Blade of Khaine

1"

4

3+

4+

-1

1

Slaughter Queen’s Deathsword

1"

3

3+

3+

-1

D3

Avatar of Khaine’s Sword

2"

4

3+

3+

-2

3

DESCRIPTION

A Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood is a single
model. The Slaughter Queen opens the throats of
her victims with a Blade of Khaine, and decapitates
them using her Deathsword. The Cauldron of
Blood upon which she stands is crewed by two
Witch Aelves, who leap from its dais to attack with
their Sacrificial Knives. Atop the Cauldron looms
an Avatar of Khaine, a towering statue that can be
animated by powerful blood rites to spew forth a
Torrent of Burning Blood before smiting anything
that stands in its way with destructive sweeps of its
giant Sword.

ABILITIES

Bladed Impact: Roll a dice if this model ends a
charge move within 1" of any enemy units. On a 2+
the nearest enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Bloodshield: The powerful magic that fuels the
Cauldron of Blood grants it and nearby followers
protection. The range of this ability is shown in the
damage table above. Add 1 to the saving throw of

friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE units that

are wholly within this range of this model. A unit
can only be affected by a single CAULDRON OF
BLOOD’S Bloodshield ability at any one time.

Pact of Blood: A Slaughter Queen on a Cauldron
of Blood can attempt
to unbind one spell in the
enemy hero phase as if it were a WIZARD .

Priestess of Khaine: In your hero phase, a

Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood can pray
once. If she does, pick a prayer she knows and roll
a dice. On a result of 1 she is found unworthy and
suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 2 nothing happens.
On a 3+ the prayer is successful and its effect takes
place. The Slaughter Queen knows the Rune of
Khaine and Touch of Death prayers:

Rune of Khaine: The Slaughter Queen’s Blade of
Khaine has a Damage characteristic of D3 instead
of 1 until your next hero phase.

Touch of Death: Pick a unit within 3" of this
model and then hide a dice in one of your hands.
Your opponent must pick a hand;
if that hand is
holding the dice, the unit you picked suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Wrath of Khaine: If your army includes any

AVATARS OF KHA INE , friendly DAUGHTERS

OF KHAINE PRIESTS know the Wrath of Khaine
prayer in addition to any other prayers they know :

Wrath of Khaine: Pick a friendly AVATAR OF
KHAINE on the battlefield; until your next hero
phase it is now Animated (see below).

Animated: This model cannot use its Torrent of
Burning Blood or Avatar of Khaine’s Sword unless

a friendly DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE PRIEST

used the Wrath of Khaine prayer to animate its
statue of Khaine in your preceding hero phase.

Idol of Worship: Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of friendly DAUGHTERS OF
KHAINE units that are within 7" of any friendly

AVATARS OF KHA INE .

COMMAND ABILITY

Orgy of Slaughter : If this model is your general,
you can use this ability.
If you do, pick a friendly

DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE unit within 14" of

this model. If that unit is within 3" of an enemy
unit,
it can pile in and attack as if it were the
combat phase.

9

13

5+

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , TOTEM, HERO, PRIEST, WITCH AELVES, SLAUGHTER QUEEN,
AVATAR OF KHAINE , CAULDRON OF BLOOD

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

Move

Sacrificial Knives

Bloodshield

0-2

6"

8

18"

3-5

5"

7

14"

6-8

4"

6

10"

9-10

3"

5

6"

11+

2"

4

2"

KEYWORDS


PAGEBREAK
Atop a Cauldron of Blood, a Slaughter Queen exhorts her sisters to unleash new heights of violence upon the foe.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLOODWRACK SHRINE

Doom spreads from the Bloodwrack Shrine, waves of agonising pain pouring out as the altar ploughs forward. Hissing, the
Bloodwrack Medusa that slithers atop the shrine unleashes spells of malevolence while casting her deathly stare across the battlefield.
Hell erupts when the bladed shrine hits enemy lines, as the Shrinekeepers and Medusa strike out in all their fury.

13

5+

8

MISSILE WEAPONS

Bloodwrack Stare

MELEE WEAPONS

Tail of Serpents

Whisperclaw

Bloodwrack Spear

Shrinekeepers’ Goadstaves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

10"

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1"

2"

2"

D6

4

2

4+

4+

3+

3+

4+

3+

3+

3+

-

-

-1

-

1

1

D3

1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Goadstaves

Aura of Agony

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2

3-5

6-8

9-10

11+

6"

5"

4"

3"

2"

6

5

4

3

2

2+

2+

3+

4+

5+

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodwrack Shrine is a single model. It is
commanded by a Bloodwrack Medusa who slashes
at her enemies with her Whisperclaw and impales
them upon a barbed Bloodwrack Spear. Even her
writhing Tail of Serpents is capable of delivering
a flurry of lethal bites. However, a Bloodwrack
Medusa’s
stare is perhaps her most deadly weapon;
should a victim’s eyes lock with hers for even a
second its lifeblood violently rebels, flooding from
every pore until
its body collapses into a pool of
gore. The Bloodwrack Medusa is mounted upon a
shrine crewed by two Shrinekeepers, who stab any
who approach with their Goadstaves.

ABILITIES

Bladed Impact: Roll a dice if a Bloodwrack
Shrine ends a charge move within 1" of an enemy
unit. On a 2+ the nearest enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Bloodwrack Stare: When making a Bloodwrack
Stare attack, pick a unit that is visible to the
Bloodwrack Shrine and roll a dice for each model
in that unit that is within range; for each roll of 5+
the unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Aura of Agony : Bloodwrack Shrines emit an aura
that wracks enemies with waves of agony. Roll a
dice for each enemy unit within 7" of any friendly
Bloodwrack Shrines at the start of your hero phase.
If the dice roll equals or beats the score listed on
the damage table above, that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds as pure agony courses through them.

MAGIC

The Bloodwrack Medusa atop a Bloodwrack Shrine
can attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase,
and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero
phase. A Bloodwrack Medusa knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Enfeebling Foe spells.

ENFEEBLING FOE

The Bloodwrack Medusa reaches into her victims’
minds, sapping their streng th.

Enfeebling Foe has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick a unit within 18" of the
caster that is visible to them. Until your next hero
phase, subtract 1 from wound rolls for that unit in
the combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , MELUSAI, HERO, WIZARD, BLOODWRACK MEDUSA, BLOODWRACK SHRINE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLOOD SISTERS

Blood Sisters are Melusai, the true daughters of their creator, Morathi. In them are vengeance and spite made manifest. Each Blood
Sister longs to drive their heartshard glaive deep into an enemy’s vitals, spilling blood to aid their master’s rituals. Channelling the
hatred within their own tainted souls, the Blood Sisters can also transmute flesh with their agonising scáth touch.

2

8"

8

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Heartshard Glaive

Crystal Touch

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1"

3

1

3+

4+

3+

-1

See below

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Blood Sisters has 5 or more models. They
dispatch their foes with their Heartshard Glaives,
and turn them to undying statues with their
Cr ysta l Touch.

GORGAI

The leader of this unit is a Gorgai. Add 1 to hit rolls
for a Gorgai.

ABILITIES

Turned to Cr ystal: Each time you score a hit with a
Cr ysta l Touch,
the target suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , MELUSAI, BLOOD SISTERS

BLOOD STALKERS

Slithering forward and drawing their ornate bows, the Blood Stalkers loose volleys of arrows that seek out their target’s hearts with
uncanny accuracy. In close combat the Melusai wield their scianlar – the same daggers they use to cut the organs from their victims’
corpses after battle, offering them up as gruesome sacrifices to their mistress-mother, Morathi.

2

8"

8

5+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Heartseeker Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Sacrificial Dagger

Blood Wyrm

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

24"

1

3+

3+

-1

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

2

1

3+

3+

4+

3+

-

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Blood Stalkers has 5 or more models.
They shoot their victims with Heartseeker Bows
before cutting out their pierced hearts with
Sacrificial Daggers.

ABILITIES

Heartseekers: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for this unit in the shooting phase, the
target suffers 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage.

KRONE

The leader of this unit is a Krone. Add 1 to hit rolls
for a Krone. Many Krones are also accompanied by
a Blood Wyrm.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , MELUSAI, BLOOD STALKERS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

DOOMFIRE WARLOCKS

Bursting from the fog come the outriders of the war covens, the dreaded Doomfire Warlocks. They are masterful light cavalry, adept at
harr ying flanks with crossbow fire or launching sudden charges to cut down targets with their cursed scimitars. As warlocks, they can
harness the power of shadow, hurling bolts of black flame to decimate the enemy before galloping back into the mists.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Doomfire Crossbow

10"

2

4+

4+

-

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Cursed Scimitar

1"

2

4+

4+

-1

1

Dark Steed’s Vicious Bite

1"

2

4+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Doomfire Warlocks has 5 or more
models. They are armed with Cursed Scimitars and
ride Dark Steeds that have a Vicious Bite. Some
units are also equipped with Doomfire Crossbows.

MASTER OF WARLOCKS

The leader of this unit is a Master of Warlocks.
Add 1 to hit rolls for a Master of Warlocks’ Cursed
Scimitar and Doomfire Crossbow.

ABILITIES

Doomfire Coven: Add 1 to casting and unbinding
rolls for this unit if it has 10 or more models.

MAGIC

A unit of Doomfire Warlocks can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. A unit
of Doomfire Warlocks knows the Arcane Bolt,
Mystic Shield and Doomfire spells.

DOOMFIRE

The Doomfire Warlocks hurl bolts of blazing black
flame at their foes.

Doomfire has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of any model
in the casting unit that is visible to it. The target
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds if the casting unit
has fewer than 5 models, D6 mortal wounds if it
has 5 to 9 models, or 6 mortal wounds if it has 10
or more models.

14"

6

2

5+

ORDER , AELF, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , WIZARD, DOOMFIRE WARLOCKS

KEYWORDS

KEYWORDS

BLOODWRACK MEDUSA

The most powerful of Morathi’s lieutenants are her Bloodwrack Medusae, sorceresses gifted – or cursed – with enormous serpentine
bodies and heads crowned with snakes. They are so full of spite and shadow magic that to meet their horrific gaze can cause explosive
haemorrhaging. Equally deadly in close quarters, a Bloodwrack Medusa dispatches her foes with claw, spear and snakebites.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Bloodwrack Stare

10"

See below

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Whisperclaw

1"

4

3+

3+

-

1

Tail of Serpents

2"

D6

4+

4+

-

1

Bloodwrack Spear

2"

2

3+

3+

-1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodwrack Medusa is a single model. She
slashes at her enemies with her Whisperclaw and
impales them upon a barbed Bloodwrack Spear.
Even her writhing Tail of Serpents is capable
of delivering a flurry of lethal bites. However, a
Bloodwrack Medusa’s
stare is perhaps her most
deadly weapon; should a victim’s eyes lock with
hers for even a second its lifeblood violently rebels,
flooding from every pore until
its body collapses
into a pool of gore.

ABILITIES

Bloodwrack Stare: When making a Bloodwrack
Stare attack, pick a unit that is visible to the
Bloodwrack Medusa and roll a dice for each model
in that unit that is within range; for each roll of 5+
the unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

MAGIC

A Bloodwrack Medusa can attempt
to cast one
spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind
one spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows

the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Enfeebling
Foe spells.

ENFEEBLING FOE

The Bloodwrack Medusa reaches into her victims’
minds, sapping their streng th.

Enfeebling Foe has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick a unit within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them. Until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from
wound rolls for that unit in the combat phase.

8"

8

6

5+

ORDER , MELUSAI, DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , HERO, WIZARD, BLOODWRACK MEDUSA


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

KHINERAI HEARTRENDERS

The Khinerai Heartrenders are swift and merciless, sky-predators that scan the battlefield for suitable quarry. These bat-winged aelves
streak down from on high, using downward momentum to launch a volley of barbed javelins before swooping off to avoid any return
fire. Should they find a target to their liking, they will plunge into combat, stabbing with their javelins and heartpiercer shields.

1

14"

7

6+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Barbed Javelin

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Javelin

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

12"

1

3+

3+

-1

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1

4+

4+

-1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Khinerai Heartrenders has 5 or more
models. They are equipped with Barbed Javelins
and Heartpiercer Shields.

FLY

Khinerai Heartrenders can fly.

SHRYKE

The leader of this unit is a Shr yke. Add 1 to hit rolls
for a Shr yke.

ABILITIES

Descend to Battle: Instead of setting up this unit
on the battlefield, you can place it to one side
and say it is circling high above. In any of your
movement phases, it can descend to battle – set up
the unit anywhere on the battlefield that is more
than 9" from any enemy models. This is their move
for that movement phase.

Fire and Flight: In your shooting phase, after this
unit has finished making all of its attacks, roll a
dice: on a 4+ it can make a 6" normal move as if it
were your movement phase, but it cannot retreat or
run as part of this move.

Death From Above: This unit can shoot even it
ran in the same turn. In addition,
in the shooting
phase, change the Rend characteristic of this
unit’s Barbed Javelins to -2 if it was set up on the
battlefield in the same turn.

Heartpiercer Shield: In the combat phase,

Khinerai Heartrenders have a Save characteristic of
5+. In addition, each time you make a save roll of 6
for such a unit in the combat phase (after re-rolls,
but before any modifiers are applied), a Khinerai
Heartrender pierces her assailant’s heart with her
shield – the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after it has made all of its attacks.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , KHINERAI HARPIES , KHINERAI HEARTRENDERS

KHINERAI LIFETAKERS

Plummeting out of low clouds, the Khinerai Lifetakers are swift-attack specialists, elite ambushers that swoop into battle to scythe
down foes with their barbed sick les. Given a chance, the Khinerai Lifetakers rake enemy formations already in combat, striking
quick ly before flapping out of the melee to seek other vulnerable prey.

1

14"

7

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Sick le

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

3+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Khinerai Lifetakers has 5 or more
models. They are equipped with Barbed Sickles and
Heartpiercer Shields.

FLY

Khinerai Lifetakers can fly.

HARRIDYNN

The leader of this unit is a Harridynn. Add 1 to hit
rolls for a Harridynn.

ABILITIES

Descend to Battle: Instead of setting up this unit
on the battlefield, you can place it to one side
and say it is circling high above. In any of your
movement phases, it can descend to battle – set up
the unit anywhere on the battlefield that is more
than 9" from any enemy models. This is their move
for that movement phase.

Fight and Flight: In the combat phase, after this
unit has finished making all of its attacks, roll a
dice: on a 4+ it can make a 6" normal move as if it
were your movement phase, but it cannot run as
part of this move.

Death on the Wind: Add 1 to the Damage

characteristic of this unit’s Barbed Sickles if it
made a charge move in the same turn.

Heartpiercer Shield: In the combat phase,

Khinerai Lifetakers have a Save characteristic of
5+. In addition, each time you make a save roll of 6
for such a unit in the combat phase (after re-rolls,
but before any modifiers are applied), a Khinerai
Lifetaker pierces her assailant’s heart with her
shield – the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound
after it has made all of its attacks.

KEYWORDS

ORDER , DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE , KHINERAI HARPIES , KHINERAI LIFETAKERS


PAGEBREAK
RULES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll battalions in this book, for
use in Pitched Battles. Used alongside the rules for Pitched Battles in the General’s Handbook , this provides you with ever ything you need to field your
Daughters of Khaine army in a Pitched Battle against any opponent.

Updated March 2018

Sisters of Slaughter

10

30

120/300

Battleline

Witch Aelves

10

30

100/270

Battleline

Avatar of Khaine

1

1

180

Behemoth

Bloodwrack Medusa

1

1

140

Leader

Hag Queen

1

1

60

Leader

Morathi, High Oracle of Khaine

1

1

480

Leader

Only one of this model can be included in a Pitched
Battle army. This model can transform into Morathi,
the
Shadow Queen during the battle.

Slaughter Queen

1

1

100

Leader

Bloodwrack Shrine

1

1

220

Leader, Behemoth

Hag Queen on Cauldron of Blood

1

1

300

Leader, Behemoth

Slaughter Queen on Cauldron of Blood

1

1

330

Leader, Behemoth

Doomfire Warlocks

5

20

160

Blood Sisters

5

20

140/480

Battleline if army has DAUGHTERS OF KHAINE
allegiance and its general is a BLOODWRACK MEDUSA

Blood Stalkers

5

20

160

Khinerai Heartrenders

5

20

80

Khinerai Lifetakers

5

20

80/280

Cauldron Guard

-

-

100

Warscroll Battalion

Temple Nest

-

-

80

Warscroll Battalion

Shadow Patrol

-

-

120

Warscroll Battalion

Shadowhammer Compact

-

-

80

Warscroll Battalion

Slaughter Troupe

-

-

80

Warscroll Battalion

War Coven of Morathi

-

-

100

Warscroll Battalion


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

The Age of Sigmar has descended amongst thunder and vengeance, and with its coming, civilisation
has taken root in the Mortal Realms once more. Already the shadows of a new peril are cast across the
lands, omens of disaster speaking of a deathly curse that will afflict one and all.

WHAT’S NEXT?


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
