
PAGEBREAK
In the Mortal Realms,
there exist whole nations
devoted to Tzeentch,
the Changer of the Ways.
These places are lands of torment, each a
kaleidoscopic clash of madness made real, hope
turned to screaming terror and phantom beasts
given horrible life. To walk there is to mutate,
to become something foul,
to feel one’s mind
unravelling and one’s soul curdle.

The ambitions of Tzeentch’s worshippers go
further than the conquest of the realms entire.
They seek nothing less than to change reality,
to turn that which was once solid and reliable
into a quicksand of sanity-sapping hideousness.
Ultimately,
they would see Tzeentch’s own
crystalline domain – a realm that once existed
only in nightmares – consume the lands of man,
aelf and duardin. They reason that
it is better to
serve the victor in the war for supremacy than
to die alongside his outwitted enemies, and
in the business of manipulation and intrigue,
there is none more powerful
than Tzeentch.

The Disciples of Tzeentch have achieved much
in the shadows of civilisation. They thrive
on duplicity and illusion, on misdirection
and artifice. Even the most prized cities of
Sigmar’s new order are built on corrupted
foundations, shot through with secret societies
and murderous cults that chant
their daemon-
summoning rites in basements and hidden
temples. Yet when the call
to arms comes, when
the insurrection sends the Arcanites boiling
from their hiding places and the daemonic
Scintillating Hosts are unleashed into reality,
the full splendour of Tzeentch’s devoted sets
the very air aflame. To fight against
them is to
fight against raw magic,
insidious cunning and
the worst kind of change. And as any Disciple
of Tzeentch will whisper to you in the darkness,
change is inevitable.

Why not embrace it?


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

THE ELDRITCH THREAT . . . 4

TZEENTCH ALMIGHTY ............8

THE CRYSTAL LABYRINTH . . . 10

DOMAINS OF THE CULTS . . . . . .12

THE CHILDREN
OF CHANGE ...............................14

THE SCINTILLATING
HOSTS .........................................16

The Flesh Ascended .......................17
Nine Shall Be Their Number ........18

TZEENTCH ARCANITES .........20

The Arch Conspirators ..................22
Secrets of the Cults ........................24
The Marks of Change ....................26

SKEINS OF FATE AFLAME ......28

Lords of Change .............................30
Heralds of Tzeentch .......................32
Favoured Scions of Tzeentch ........34
Bestial Agents of Change ..............35
Horrors of Tzeentch ......................36
Mortal Masters of the Arcane ......38
Lords of the Silver Towers ............40
Tzaangors ........................................42

THE ELDRITCH HOST . . . . . .46

MAGIC AND MUTATION ........58

PAINTING YOUR
DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH ......60

DISCIPLES OF
TZEENTCH .........................68

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ........69

Battle Traits .....................................69
Command Traits ............................72
Artefacts of Power .........................74
Spell Lores .......................................76
The Eternal Conflagration ............78
The Hosts Duplicitous ...................79
The Hosts Arcanum .......................80
The Cult of the
Transient Form ...............................81
The Pyrofane Cult ..........................82
The Guild of Summoners ..............83
Battleplan:
The Concealed Cultist ...................84

PATH TO GLORY .......................86

Tzeentch Warband Tables ............88

WARSCROLLS ............................90

Fate Legion ......................................90
Warpflame Host .............................92
Multitudinous Host .......................92
Aether-eater Host ..........................92
Change Host ...................................93
Overseer’s Fate-twisters ................93
Omniscient Oracles .......................93
Arcanite Cult ..................................94
Arcanite Cabal ...............................96
Alter-kin Coven .............................96
Witchfyre Coven ............................96
Skyshoal Coven ..............................97
Tzaangor Coven .............................97
Lord of Change ...............................98
Kairos Fateweaver ..........................99

Gaunt Summoner
of Tzeentch ....................................100
Fateskimmer, Herald of
Tzeentch on Burning Chariot . . . .101
Fluxmaster, Herald of
Tzeentch on Disc ..........................102
The Changeling ............................103
Changecaster,
Herald of Tzeentch ......................103
The Blue Scribes ...........................104
Screamers of Tzeentch ................104
Burning Chariots
of Tzeentch ....................................105
Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch ......106
Flamers of Tzeentch ....................106
Horrors of Tzeentch ....................107
Magister on Disc of Tzeentch ....108
Magister .........................................109
Curseling, Eye of Tzeentch .........109
The Eyes of the Nine ....................110
Vortemis the All-Seeing .............110
Fatemaster .....................................111
Ogroid Thaumaturge ...................111
Kairic Acolytes .............................112
Tzaangor Skyfires ........................113
Tzeentch Chaos Spawn ...............113
Tzaangor Shaman ........................114
Tzaangor Enlightened .................115
Tzaangor Enlightened
on Discs of Tzeentch ...................115
Tzaangors ......................................116
Burning Sigil of Tzeentch ...........117
Tome of Eyes .................................117
Daemonic Simulacrum ...............118

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................119

PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER STUDIO

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting ser vices.

Chaos Battletome: Disciples of Tzeentch © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2020. Chaos Battletome: Disciples of Tzeentch, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-83906-011-3

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
The cold, shadowy landscape of Ulgu suddenly explodes into a riot of colour as a Tzaangor tribe
summons a host of Tzeentchian daemons, their mutagenic energy ravaging the land itself.


PAGEBREAK
THE ELDRITCH THREAT

THE ELDRITCH THREAT

While the crude warlords of the mortal races measure their success by territory conquered, the Disciples of Tzeentch
seek nothing less than to capsize reality itself. They are masters of the sorcerous rite and the devious plot. When at
war, a barrage of magic reveals the awful truth – that their enemies were doomed before the first shot was fired.

The skies burn livid pink and
cerulean blue. Trees writhe and
become tentacled horrors. The
land cracks to form needle-fanged
mouths that scream in protest, for
such intense concentrations of magic
are unnatural even in the enchanted
reaches of the Mortal Realms. The
Disciples of Tzeentch have shucked
off their illusions and gone to war
en masse, and with them comes the
terrible truth: the realms belong
more to the scions of the Chaos Gods
than they do to those races that
defy them.

The Disciples of Tzeentch are neither
simple warriors nor brawlers, nor
are they mercenaries or soldiers of
fortune; they train but rarely with the
sword and the bow, and they spurn
the cannon and the gun. Nor do they
study the treatises of warmasters and
conquerors from ages past. To them,
such conventional conceits, such
everyday tools of battle, are as crass
and simplistic as the daubings of a
child upon a father’s masterpiece. To
these devotees of change, the notion
of war is mutable in the extreme,
as is the flesh and mindscape of
the foe. They fight their battles on
several planes at once – the mental,
the spiritual and the physical all
mingling together into one mind-
boggling and spectacular whole.

Tzeentch’s devoted are steeped
in matters arcane. Through long
study and diabolical pact, their
understanding of the nature of
things is so advanced that they can
shape reality. With an arrhythmical
chant or a carefully inscribed phrase
given voice, they conjure bolts of
wyrdfire that can strip a man’s flesh
from his bones or melt stone to the
consistency of butter. Some can peer
into the future or squint into the
murky mists of the past, plucking
secrets from the pliant branches of
fate that they have bent to their will.
To fight them is maddening, for to
land a solid strike against such an
enemy is nigh impossible.

THE MANY FATES OF
TZEENTCH

The Mortal Realms were once
beyond the reach of the daemons of
the Dark Gods. The natural barriers
between the worlds of men and the
Realm of Chaos held them at bay,
just as a mile-thick glacier of hard ice
keeps a prospector from the mineral
wealth of the mountain beyond.
The far-seeing daemons of Tzeentch
could only look on in avaricious
frustration as they peered at the
Mortal Realms through the fractal
reflections of the Cr ystal Labyrinth.
Here were eight complex new
realities for them to uncover, corrupt
and twist into unrecognisable shapes
before claiming them in the name of
the Changer of the Ways.

But the Mortal Realms were denied
to them by the unyielding lord
Sigmar, and they could no more
claim them than a swarm of insects
could claim the deeps of the sea.
Instead, for long ages, they fought
their battles in the Realm of Chaos,
the Dark Gods matching their might
against one another as they worked
secret schemes in the background
that might one day see their
influence expand into pastures new.

However,
the daemons of Tzeentch
were resourceful
in their cunning,
and they never truly gave up on
their quest to bend new realities to
their master’s whims. Whenever a
mortal mind reached out across the

veils of reality through sorcery or
shamanistic rite, they would cluster
around, eyes wide with glee, and
whisper their corrupting truths.
Whenever a convoluted ploy saw a
schemer lay a rival low, they would
gather in the shadows, murmuring
of rewards untold should the victor
follow the darkness in their soul to
its logical conclusion.

It began as a hushed prayer here,
an arcane diagram there, but soon
– and with gathering speed – the
imprecations for Tzeentch’s
favour
became more and more common.
The Hanging Valleys saw Anvrok’s
foremost meteoromancers, who
formerly prayed for the gift of fresh
water from the skies, make sacrifices
to the entity they knew as the
God Mercurial – and, in doing so,
unwittingly give tribute to Tzeentch.
In the courts of Prosperis, those who
were bored with their wealthy and
privileged lives took up the dark arts
in the hope of finding new areas of
reality to conquer,
for proving their
supremacy had become a way of life.
They too were rewarded, but they
found far more than they bargained
for and fell to madness. In Hysh’s
most remote regions, the scholars
that had dared venture into Haixiah
begged the skies for the intellect
and mental strength necessary to
profit from the myriad complex
truths that were pouring into their
minds. Tzeentch was only too happy
to oblige – for a cost, of course –
as along with that influx of raw
information came a nagging desire
to learn the darkest secrets of a l l.

A whisper, a staring eye, a claw
scraping at the mind. Many were
the ways that Tzeentch worked at
the cracks in reality left by the greed
and ambition of mortal men – or,
in some places, by the honest need
for a simple change of fortune. For
the realms are cruel, and there are
always those who would seek a better
life. On such dreams are the acts of
Tzeentch founded.


PAGEBREAK
The daemon hosts first entered
the lands of mortals through sites
of summonation, having been
called from beyond by those who
would bind them. Such hermetic
conjurations carr y a huge degree
of risk, however. The daemons of
Tzeentch are experts in the arcane
arts; magic runs in their blood – or,
rather,
forms their very substance.
They wi l l spot a minute imperfection
in a spell or a mangled syllable in
the Dark Tongue of a Chaos ritual as
eagerly as a miser spots a gold coin in
a shallow puddle. Should a would-be
daemonologist make such a critical
error in his summonations, he may
soon find the creature he sought to
bind emerging from its ritual circle
with a leer of dark glee. The lucky
ones are slain soon afterwards,
burned to death by warpfire or
ripped to pieces by sharp claws.
Those less fortunate find themselves
the servants rather than the masters,
their souls bound forever to the
whims of the same arcane forces they
hoped to use to their own advantage.

Some of those who sought glory and
power from the Architect of Fate
are irrevocably changed, bearing
iridescent scales, feathered crests or
clawed appendages in place of limbs.
For the most part, those souls that
Tzeentch has claimed for his own
bear no mark at all, or else they use
glamours and spells to keep the vile
aberrations of their form hidden
from all save their fellow spellcasters.
They labour in secret within the
scriptor-houses, colleges and tutelage
centres of the free cities, making the
most of their daemonic patronage
to ascend through society. They
then teach new generations the arts
of magic as if there were nothing
untoward about their pre-eminence
– but with ever darker inflections
laced through every spell and secret
they impart.

Though Tzeentch’s
claws sunk deep
indeed during the Age of Chaos,
especially in the ever-shifting Realm
of Metal, his ultimate triumph over
Chamon has been denied to him by

the coming of Sigmar’s Tempest.
Already, however,
the scions of the
Changer of the Ways are on the rise
once more. The reshaping of the
Realm of Death at Nagash’s hand
has caused the entirety of Shyish to
magically invert – a phenomenon
that pleases Tzeentch mightily –
but more than that, it has spurred
a backlash of wild magical energy
to roil across the cosmos. To say
that the Changer of the Ways
had a hand in the coming of the
Arcanum Optimar would be an
understatement, and he has profited
greatly from the intensification
of magic that has been unleashed
across the lands, seas and skies of the
Eight Realms.

Never before have the Disciples of
Tzeentch been so well poised for
success, as even in his victories,
Sigmar has played into his enemy’s
hands. The spires of progress and
civilisation cast long shadows of
their own, and in those shadows,
anarchy and misrule wi l l thrive…

‘T hat’s them alright,’
said the Vindicarum
Outrider, waving his pistol at the column of
tattered refugees in the valley.
‘Cultists. Came
straight to you, sir, when we found out about ’em.’
Lord-Castellant Brontos Steelbreaker squinted
through the twilight at the traipsing figures. ‘Are you
sure? They don’t look much more than beggars.’
‘Tendren and I watched them leave, sir. Saw the
tattoos on their ankles. The fish and the serpent
entwined, sir, and a nasty glow in the eye.’
Brontos turned to his Judicator-Prime.
‘Well?’
Velleros nodded by way of confirmation, unslinging
his skybolt bow and nocking a crackling arrow.
‘He’s
right, Brontos. Daemon-touched, one and all.’
‘Then we engage, and the reinforcements from
Anvilgard can mop up whatever’s left,’
said the Lord-
Castellant, unsheathing his greatblade.
‘Hear me?
Celestial Vindicators, engage! Charge these traitors!’
Brontos’ entire brotherhood of Stormcast Eternals
surged forward, voices raised in the song of war as they
pounded down the hill towards the refugees below.
Bolts of lightning hurtled out from the Judicators on
the shoulders of the slopes, only to dissipate metres
before impact. The tatterdemalion refugees gave a great
shout, shimmering before Brontos’ eyes to become tall,
athletically built paragons of humanity with grotesque
golden masks. Those at the fore sent volleys of strange
fire, pink and blue, streaking back towards the Celestial
Vindicators. Where they struck, armour ran as molten
as quicksilver ; some Stormcasts discorporated in blurs

of energy as they returned to the heavens.
At the far side of the column, tangle-horned beastmen
made a series of arcane gestures, drawing strange
burning runes in the air – and from nothing at all came
a spilling, fizzing tide of daemons. Brontos growled,
redoubling his pace as fire flew from the creatures’
fingers. The first few ranks of Brontos’ Liberator
phalanxes were consumed by the multicoloured flame,
emerging not as burning men but clouds of scintillating
crystal butterflies. Then their comrades crashed in,
twinned swords hacking, and the true slaughter began.
Though the Stormcasts’ sigmarite armour was
proof against the blades of the cultists and Tzaangor
beastmen, the Vindicarum Freeguilders did not fare so
well. Even as Brontos whipped his glaive right and left,
letting the righteous wrath consume him, he saw that
the Chaos worshippers were concentrating their attacks
on his mortal allies rather than the Stormcasts.
Then, all at once, the host of cultists lay hacked apart
at his feet. They shimmered as if underwater and
became defenceless refugees once more. Brontos looked
about himself in confusion, only to see the Anvilgard
reinforcements cresting the valley. The newcomers
looked upon the carnage, aghast. Many cried out.
With a cold shiver, Brontos stumbled back from
the ankle-deep gore around him, realising what the
Anvilgard reinforcements must have concluded. They
had won a battle this day, but they had lost the wider war.
The sound of daemonic laughter drifted on the wind,
but only Brontos, in his wretchedness, could hear it.


PAGEBREAK
T he daemonic hosts of Tzeentch burst from arcane portals, ripping their way into reality to assail the Maggotkin of
Silker’s Ridge. A thousand Arcanite voices are raised in fierce joy as their patrons manifest at the height of their
powers, years of careful planning made real – and another swathe of Aqshy claimed for the Great Conspirator.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
TZEENTCH ALMIGHTY

TZEENTCH ALMIGHTY

The Chaos God Tzeentch is known by many titles, including the Changer of the Ways, the Great Conspirator and
the Architect of Fate. Tzeentch’s domains are magic, manipulation and guile. He is the god of sorcery as well as
deceit – elaborate schemes are his delight, whether they come to fruition or not.

Tzeentch is one of the greater
Chaos powers, a brother god to
Khorne, Nurgle and Slaanesh, and
often a secret ally to the pantheon’s
newcomer,
the Great Horned Rat.
Even amongst gods, Tzeentch is the
undisputed master of the arcane
arts, for magic is the most potent of
all agents of change. This does not
mean Tzeentch is above sullying
his hands with war, rather that
he prefers to win battles through
guile and sorcery over brute force.
The Changer of the Ways favours
the cunning over the strong, the
manipulative over the violent. A
rune-etched stiletto to the heart,
perhaps delivered during a sacrificial
ritual or by a pseudopod hidden
under priestly robes, pleases him
far more than the gory battlefield
decapitations so beloved of Khorne.
Ultimately,
though, the act of
change is the key element in all that
Tzeentch values, and the change
between life and death is the most
profound of all. The esoteric ki l l
gives him power, an aspect of reality
that most of his followers do not fully
realise but propagate nonetheless.

In his true shape, Tzeentch is the
most outlandish of the Dark Gods.
His skin crawls with constantly
changing faces that leer and mock
any who dare to gaze upon him. As
Tzeentch speaks, these faces appear
and disappear, some repeating his
words with subtle differences or
providing mocking commentary to
cast doubt upon the original remark.
Ever shifting, nothing of Tzeentch
feels definitive – even his purpose is

unimaginably complex, his schemes
beyond the ken of mortals. He was
instrumental in the toppling of the
world-that-was into utter destruction
and has doomed hundreds of worlds
besides, even collapsing realities
altogether in those dimensions
that once danced to his tune. Now
he focuses his myriad eyes on the
Mortal Realms, eight more realities
for him to toy with. Already one is in
his grip.

Tzeentch’s
growing ascendancy
following Sigmar’s return to the
Mortal Realms and the battles of the
Realmgate Wars hints at plans long
nursed to fruition. Embedded deep
within Sigmar’s grand cities, mortal
cultists work in secret to advance his
unknowable goals, while Tzaangor
tribes raid the ancient places of the
realms in search of lost treasures and
abstruse knowledge. Should the need
arise, Tzeentch sends his daemonic
hosts forth in all their scintillating
glory to sear the land with the
coruscating flames of change.

AN ETERNAL RIVALRY

Far beyond the light of sun or star,
removed from all reason and reality,
lies the Realm of Chaos. There,
the Chaos Gods strive against one
another in a never-ending power
struggle. As one god grows in
strength, so do the others conspire
against him. Common cause wi l l
unite the disparate powers, but even
then each god angles to ensure that
they emerge from the alliance in
a better position than the others.
In this endless scheming, none of
the gods fare so well as Tzeentch,
and he delights in manipulating
them all – tormenting ever-raging
Khorne or endlessly baiting proud,
melodramatic Slaanesh.

However, every Chaos God has his
opposite, another whose nature is the
antithesis of his own. For Tzeentch,
that special foe is Nurgle. The Lord
of Decay provides Tzeentch with
his fiercest rivalry. Nurgle counters
Tzeentch’s hope and ambition, his
demand for change, with opposing
ideologies: a resigned despair that
accepts how things are, a willingness
not just to be content with the
base or mundane but to actually
wallow in it. In their unending
battles, Tzeentch pits his ceaseless
evolution against the stagnant loop
of Nurgle’s closed cycle of life and
death. Tzeentch, who delights in
his carefully laid plans,
is appalled
to watch Nurgle’s
slovenly and
indiscriminate destruction, his
jovial attitude to sowing seeds of
destruction and letting them grow
where they may. The two powers


PAGEBREAK
never miss an opportunity to match
forces against one another, be it
battles over boundaries in the Realm
of Chaos, expansionist wars in the
Mortal Realms or even scholastic
rivalries and cultish intrigues
amongst the Cities of Sigmar.

Of late, Tzeentch has gained the
upper hand. In Ghyran, where once
Nurgle reigned nearly unchallenged,
the decaying Kingdom of Bul’ghoh
was toppled as a result of the
machinations of Kairos Fateweaver.
In Chamon’s Spiral Crux, Tzeentch
has all but eradicated the stain of
Nurgle’s
infections, using a sustained
crusade of metallic transmutation
that sterilised ever ything the
Grandfather of Plagues had
corrupted by disease.

The victories of Tzeentch over
Nurgle are by no means confined
to the Mortal Realms. In the power
struggles fought in the Realm of
Chaos, his daemonic minions are
usually key to his victories over his
brother gods – few mortal agents
could stand the sheer inimical
otherness of that sinister dimension
for long. From beside Nurgle’s Great
Cauldron itself, the Changeling
aided the Blue Scribes in stealing a
seven-volume set of tomes listing
cures for the Plague God’s most
potent diseases, and on the borders
of Nurgle’s Garden, the Swamp of
Ages was cr ystallised during the War
of Slime and Fire. Yet
just as moons
wax and wane, so too does the power
balance between the rival gods of
Chaos. It does not all go Tzeentch’s
way – his minions dare not mention
the disaster at Lom’nagini or the
Night of Cataracted Eyes, during
which so many of his daemons were
rendered blind by a supernatural
plague that for a time Tzeentch
himself contracted the same disease.

THE GREAT GAME

The never-ending struggle of each
of the Chaos Gods to gain dominion
over the others is known as the Great
Game, and Tzeentch loves it more
dearly than any other pastime. To
this most masterful of schemers,
this game offers not just endless
amusement but also boundless
opportunity. Not only does Tzeentch
constantly seek to further his
own ambitions, he expends just
as much of his focus on his desire
to manipulate or counteract the
best-laid plans of his rivals. Through
convoluted stratagems, Tzeentch
has subverted his brother gods time
and again.

The Realm of Chaos is Tzeentch’s
playground for the Great Game.
There, he instigates infighting, a
pursuit of which the god never tires.
One of his most infamous deeds
in the Great Game was to beguile
Khorne’s greatest Bloodthirster,
Skarbrand,
into attacking his patron.
It was Tzeentch’s magic that finally
burned away Nurgle’s
Ineffable
Malady and, although few know the
fu l l tale, it was Tzeentch’s plotting
that led to Slaanesh’s
capture by the
aelven gods and the twist of fate that
turned the Dark Prince’s ultimate
victory into a strange form of
defeat. The battles for control of the
Mortal Realms have only added new
challenges to the Great Game.

Tzeentch’s plots may be manifold,
but none are simple. Revelling in
complexity, Tzeentch’s plans can
appear contradictory to those few
observers able to detect his influence,
for he is patient and willing to
wait long centuries for his obtuse
intrigues to bear fruit. And the
Changer of the Ways is fickle, prone
to adding elaborate intricacies to
his own plots or even introducing

obstacles to impede them. Indeed,
the Architect of Fate rejoices in the
construction of each plan as much as
he revels in watching them unravel.
Such counter-intuitive twists baffle
those who tr y to understand him,
lending an edge of unpredictability
to his plots that constantly
confounds the foes attempting to
pre-empt them.

Across the realms, the Lord of
Sorcery spins his impossibly complex
webs of secrecy, and servants long
embedded in the foundations of
Sigmar’s realm sow the seeds of
madness and fear. Where Khorne
and Nurgle seek to destroy and
despoil the cities of the God-King,
Tzeentch plays a far longer game.
In civilisation, there is subtlety,
complexity, mechanism and
machination. Through cunning
and manipulation, the Chaos God’s
power has blossomed in this age of
reason and intrigue. As Sigmar’s
followers returned to the Mortal
Realms, their ranks were infiltrated
by daemons and Arcanites using
doppelgänger magic, eager to
sabotage many of the new cities.
Tzeentch’s
scions, foremost amongst
them the Changeling and his
fellow trickster-daemons, have led
countless of the God-King’s faithful
astray. Like a spark that ignites an
inferno, these daemons have fostered
a hundred new cults dedicated to
magic, change, knowledge and,
ultimately, Tzeentch. By their hand,
entire cities have already risen up in
rebellion, casting their rulers into
the flames of change. Others remain
outwardly loyal while heresy and
sedition flow through their veins
like a cancer, simply waiting for the
right moment to strike. Now the
time of change draws nearer, and the
twisted plans of such entities lead to
a confluence of Tzeentch’s
triumphs.


PAGEBREAK
THE CRYSTAL LABYRINTH

THE CRYSTAL LABYRINTH

There is nothing that Tzeentch sets his iridescent eyes upon that he does not wish to seize for his own, to control
and to manipulate, to change at his whim. So does the Architect of Fate sit at the centre of the Cr ystal Labyrinth,
like a spider on a web, forever hatching plots and sending them forth.

Rivalling Khorne’s vast domain
in size, the Cr ystal Labyrinth’s
shimmering brilliance is a stark
contrast to the Blood God’s ruddy
wastelands. Countless glittering
pathways spring from the sprawling
maze. Everywhere Horrors scuttle
about, using their magics to grow
further cr ystal corridors. Fractal
filaments inveigle their way into the
dominions of the other gods and, in
doing so, bind them all together in a
web of causality.

It is a place of mind-bending,
sanity-shattering contradictions –
even to use the term ‘labyrinth’
to
describe it is to compare the roots
of a simple seed to the tangled
canopy of an ancient, endless forest
caught in the grip of a permanent
wildfire. Its corridors and bridges
criss-cross through space, time
and even thought, alight with
magical potential and the energies
of raw madness. Only those with
the strongest wi l l can negotiate its
endless reaches, for the labyrinth’s
walls reflect hopes, dreams, madness
and terror. Those trammelled within
come to no physical harm, yet not
even those favoured disciples who
walk the lands can escape with
their minds intact. Impulses of
pure change cascade through every
league and locale, reordering its
dimensions in an endlessly shifting
tangle of forms. It is a place that
is made of the same impossible
substance as its master, and any who
attempt to define it find their sanity
unravelling fast.

THE IMPOSSIBLE FORTRESS

At the heart of the Labyrinth stands
the Impossible Fortress. This is the
principal stronghold of Tzeentch
himself, and within its contradictory
folds and infernal gateways, the
Changer of the Ways peers from his
myriad eyes into those realities he
seeks to bend to his whim. From this
nexus of power, he sends impulses,
whispers and dreams into the minds
of his disciples, guiding them,

goading them and luring them ever
further along the paths that lead
to either immortal glory or – far
likelier – a horrible end.

The exact appearance of the
Impossible Fortress changes
according to the beholder’s
aspirations. Some perceive it to be
fashioned of the same cr ystal as the
labyrinth that sprawls out around
it, whilst others see walls of blue
flame, flowing quicksilver or gnarled
azure stone. No matter the material,
it is always in constant flux. Spires
and towers writhe and burst from
within its heart, only to collapse
and be reabsorbed once more.
Gateways, windows and Realmgate
portals yawn open like mouths,
screaming with cosmic dissonance
before closing once more to vanish
without trace.

The fortress’s
innards are no less
confounding. Different passages and
rooms obey different physical
laws
or else exist in separate dimensions.
What conventional
thought deems
‘up’
in one chamber might be ‘down’
in another, or even an alternative
state of being entirely, such as
‘sorrow’ or ‘the past’. Those trapped
inside are soon driven out of their
wits, and once they succumb entirely,
they collapse into an implosion of
thought and form. Such victims
are often reborn as familiars, given
as both blessing and curse to the
champions of Tzeentch in the Eight
Realms. There are rumours of one
mortal finding a path through the
maze and escaping back into the real
world – a young girl accompanied by
a small dog – though Tzeentch has
obfuscated this legend so thoroughly
that none can be sure if it is true or if
the Changer of the Ways has put the
story about in order to lure hopeful
travellers to his domain.

Even daemons cannot easily endure
the twisted horror of the Impossible
Fortress; only the Lords of Change
can hope to navigate its corridors

with any degree of success. As a
result, no matter how distracted
Tzeentch may be by the Great Game,
he is never assailed in his stronghold.
The other gods have lost too many
minions in this way to waste their
power again, and hence he is left
undisturbed in his maniacal schemes
to succeed, fail and confound
himself a billion times over and all at
the same time.

Scattered across the tangled outer
regions of Tzeentch’s domain in the
Realm of Chaos are nine strongholds
arranged in an ever-changing
hierarchy – the Fractal Fortresses.
Each of these kaleidoscopic spires
is home to one of the nine legions,
known as the Scintillating Hosts, that
Tzeentch favours at any given time,
and each is ruled by its most powerful
daemon. There, the titular Overseer
receives commands from Tzeentch
himself and, in turn, relays their own
version of those orders outwards to
the subordinate convocations, who
compete to earn their god’s approval
and occupy one of the fortresses.
The number of convocations is in
constant flux, though it is never fewer
than nine and is always a multiple of
that sacred number.

Within the Realm of Chaos,
Tzeentch’s daemons battle those
of the other Dark Gods, staving
off invasions or seeking to claim
territory. Alliances are forged,
broken and forged again, yet none
can weave in or out of such treaties
with as much skill as the minions of
the Great Schemer. Tzeentch covets
the Mortal Realms, and his forces
actively pursue hundreds of different
plots, such as shifting the strands of
fate or covertly persuading mortal
recruits to serve in Arcanite Cults.
Like their patron, the convocations
seek sources of magic, spread anarchy
and corrupt ambitions. When illusion
or manipulation fail, however,
they
resort to more direct methods, setting
battlefields alight with volleys of
spells and sheets of warpfire.


PAGEBREAK
Infinite forms there twist and churn, competing to claim the mind,
Trespassers
there had better beware; the fate of fools is unkind.


PAGEBREAK
DOMAINS OF THE CULTS

DOMAINS OF THE CULTS

Tzeentchian cults can be found in every realm save that of Azyr. They are master infiltrators, and through them
the Scintillating Hosts have found their way into countless nations of man, aelf and duardin. In Chamon, they
have worked a great conquest from which the lands, twisted beyond recognition, may never heal.

The Arcanites of Tzeentch work
plans within plans to ensure their
master’s visions of strife come to
pass. Few truly comprehend the
magnitude or the complexity of
these overlapping schemes, but they
do their part, and that is enough.
To a Magister or Summoner,
the
bringing of a cack ling horde of
daemons into reality might be the
culmination of their life’s work, but
to the myriad plots of Tzeentch,
they
are but stitches in a greater tapestry.

Each conjuration and conquest is
part of a wider skein of fate that
binds the stuff of reality,
imbues it
with the energies of disorder, and
brings it one step closer to becoming
an annex of Tzeentch’s Cr ystal
Labyrinth. The lands of the Spiral
Crux are a perfect illustration of this
phenomenon. Though not even the
canny Kharadron Overlords native
to the Crux truly appreciate it, those
regions most afflicted by Tzeentch’s
war have not been chosen at random.

Seen from the aetheric void, these
profaned sites form the fire-and-orb
symbol of Tzeentch,
the Changer
of the Ways. Griffon’s Eyrie, the
disastrous epicentre of the magical
explosion caused by the death of a
godbeast, forms the pulsating heart
of the symbol. All those lands under
its wider auspice have been renamed
in Tzeentch’s honour. Should the
last few wholesome lands under the
symbol fall to Tzeentch’s
faithful, the
Spiral Crux wi l l be forever his.

THE AZURE CROWN

A formation of floating isles
replete with magical crystal
glows at the Crux’s hear t.

THE SKY-PORTS
AT TACK

Kharadron sky-fleets make
ever more desperate forays
into Tzeentchian territory.


PAGEBREAK
AETHER WAR

One of the lesser known
consequences of the necroquake
was the scattering of the aether-
gold sky-seams, which dictate the
fortunes of the Kharadron sky-ports.
Of late, there has been a mad rush
to claim them once more. This has
led profiteering duardin fleets to sail
into the territory of the Tzeentchian
cults at the heart of the Spiral Crux.

Barak-Nar’s quest for riches saw the
Kharadron Bjarnus Tragg utilise an
aetheric forcefield to venture into
the toxic skies controlled by the Cult
of the Transient Form. Battle was
joined above the clouds as Disc-
riding Arcanites fought intrepid
duardin for the bounty of the skies.

GRIFFON’S EYRIE

The hear t of the Spiral Crux
is a wasteland wracked with
potent change-magic. To
tarry there is to die.

THE SPIRAL CRUX

THE SILVER TOWERS

The strongholds of the Gaunt
Summoners have been spotted
hovering over the Spiral Crux.


PAGEBREAK
THE CHILDREN OF CHANGE

THE CHILDREN OF CHANGE

The daemons of Tzeentch are insanity and mayhem made manifest, the antithesis of order and law. In battle,
they make for a maddening foe, chortling maniacally as they blast apart their enemies with dazzling spells and
mimicking their agony as multicoloured flames burn away their victims’ souls.

Tzeentchian daemons are physical
manifestations of raw arcane
energy, warped to reflect different
aspects of their patron. As befits the
Changer of the Ways,
the nature of
his minions varies greatly, although
each is blessed with a portion of
their master’s strangeness and
cunning. So infused are they with
magic that the air about them
takes on an unearthly glimmer.
Likewise, their own colours and even
material stability shift – sometimes
they appear corporeal, other times
bafflingly illusive.

As daemons, the Scintillating Hosts
have need for neither nourishment
nor rest, and they cannot be slain as
can mortal creatures. It is possible
to destroy a daemon’s physical shell,
but doing so only sends its spirit
back to the Realm of Chaos, where
it begins the painful process of
reforming. The length of time this
takes depends upon the daemon’s
size, strength and, most importantly,
whether or not the being still carries
their god’s favour. In the case of the
Horrors – that most numerous of all
Tzeentchian daemons – even a solid,

ki l ling blow is not nearly enough to
end the threat. These creatures split
into two lesser creatures before the
eyes of their astonished adversaries
– and should either of these be slain
in turn, they wi l l split again to form
hideous creatures of spite and flame.
Such impossibilities, so maddening
to mortal onlookers, give Tzeentch a
great deal of amusement.

It is difficult in the extreme
for any one daemon to hold
Tzeentch’s
attention for long; the
god is not inclined to rouse from
his introspections in order to
concentrate on a single iteration of
his immensity. So immersed is he
in his weighty schemes that it has
been many ages since Tzeentch’s
physical form left the Impossible
Fortress at the heart of the Cr ystal
Labyrinth. There, in the sanctum
of the Hidden Library, the Great
Conspirator prefers instead to read
the infinite skeins of fate and to
send forth his daemonic legions
to advance his ineffable plans. The
fates of individuals, be they mortal
or daemonic, yield but the briefest
flicker of interest or amusement
before Tzeentch’s
attention moves
elsewhere. Yet when taken together,
the infinite complexities of every
overlapping life, breaking soul and
unintended consequence forms a
mosaic of disaster that the god finds
eternally enthralling.

In those areas rich in magic, the
daemons of Tzeentch can manifest
more easily. They thrive on the
aetheric forces as a human thrives on
clean air and water – without them,
they cannot persist. Over the course
of the Age of Chaos, the lands of
the Mortal Realms, already rich in
the stuff of magic as a result of their
uncanny origins, became saturated
with wild power. Since then, the
daemons of Chaos have been able to
take corporeal forms long enough
to cause havoc everywhere they
appear – sometimes even for years
at a time, provided they keep to


PAGEBREAK
the places where eldritch energies
can be drawn from the air to
sustain their unnatural physiques.
Should Tzeentch ever complete his
dominion over the lands, the Realm
of Chaos and the Mortal Realms
would become one and the same,
and his daemons would be able to
exist there in perpetuity.

The onrush of the daemon
legions of Tzeentch is a sight that
can plunge the sane into raving
madness. The very air shimmers
with polychromatic colours as
an outpouring of pure sorcery
bursts above the oncoming masses.
Capering Pink Horrors chortle as
they advance, summoning mystic
bolts from their strange fluted fingers
as easily as an archer would draw
an arrow from his quiver. Sullen
Blue Horrors grumble behind,
wreathed in azure fires, while bright
yellow Brimstone Horrors dance
around their feet. Like strange
living mushrooms borne on clouds
of superheated air, Flamers bound
by, mutagenic fire pouring from
their twisted limbs as they roar and
screech from their many mouths.
The skies, meanwhile, are streaked
black in the wake of Burning
Chariots, each a fiery comet of
destruction that sends warpflame
cascading into the ranks of the
enemy to twist flesh and metal into
horrendous new shapes. With them
come airborne shoals of predatory
Screamers that descend in stately,
overlapping arcs to slash through
the flesh of their prey with their
bladed wings. Those who present
a particularly delicious morsel
of soul energy, perhaps because
of their magical acumen or some
supernatural strength from within,
find themselves beset by dozens of
these creatures at once, each frenzied
with the need to clamp their toothy
lamprey mouths upon the flesh of the
gifted or the blessed.

The lesser of Tzeentch’s daemons,
the Horrors, are created as slaves
and given little autonomy.
It is their
lot to follow orders given by those
of higher rank, although even to
these Tzeentch has bequeathed an
unquenchable capricious streak.
Other daemons, however, are
granted far more self-reliance.

The Heralds are Tzeentch’s
lieutenants – though they may look
little more than larger and more
elaborate versions of Pink Horrors,
they are blessed with cunning minds
and devious ambition. On most
occasions, it is they who lead the
hordes. However, when the situation
demands a true master of anarchy,
one so steeped in the energies of
Tzeentch that the air itself mutates
and screams around it, a Lord of
Change is dispatched to twist history
to its master’s whims.

The greater daemons known as Lords
of Change are the most powerful
of Tzeentch’s
immortal minions.
These towering avian creatures are
gifted near-total freedom to pursue
Tzeentch’s
goals. It is they who set
champions, Heralds and cults on
their courses, and it is they who most
often direct the legions in complex
and ever-changing plans.

After Tzeentch issues commands
to his armies, he contemplates
their infinite effects. Gazing upon
his creations with fascination, he
is eager to watch his children plot,
deceive and manipulate even their
own forces in order to further
their ambitions. Where things go
awry, he drinks in the heady mix
of improvisation and confusion – a
rich loam from which moments
of spontaneous genius can grow.
When things go exactly according
to plan, the Changer of the Ways
taps his long talons together in a
strange mixture of satisfaction and
anxiety,
for a predictable outcome
courts boredom and there is nothing
Tzeentch hates more. And so he
avidly watches the unravelling of
every strand of fate, each a small part
of his Great Plan – though, in the
end, all fates are woven into one, and
the ultimate outcome is doom.

TO SHAPE THE
INVISIBLE

The Changer of the Ways has
little time for the cantrips and
hedge magics of cowardly
dabblers, instead rewarding those
who gather vast concentrations of
magical force and let them loose
upon the world. In the time of the
Arcanum Optimar,
this effect has
become even more pronounced.
It is easier than ever for mages
to summon magical familiars
and seal dark pacts to increase
their own power, or to conjure
predatory spells and grand hexes
that can cripple or destroy dozens
of their adversaries in a matter
of moments.

Some of these spells gain
notoriety or fame amongst the
Arcanites and wi l l come easily
to the Scintillating Hosts. These
can see their mages attempt
to prove their power over the
ineffable by casting certain
spells and invocations. Some
wizards increase their arcane
knowledge by conjuring a Tome
of Eyes – a semi-real, outsize
grimoire that appears on a pillar
of magical flame. As the would-
be scholar reads the forbidden
spells from its burning pages,
they are read in turn by the
evil-looking orbs that stare out
from it, their soul scrutinised
and their secrets taken for later
use. Others summon a Burning
Sigil of Tzeentch – after years of
keeping their allegiance secret,
they revel in displaying their icon
of their true patron. The sheer
mutative power of this change-
sigil wi l l see all those around it
horrifically mutated and twisted
by Chaos, though not always
to their detriment. Only the
bravest mages dare to summon
a Daemonic Simulacrum, the
swirling magic they conjure
taking form as the evil, avian
heads of Lords of Change. These
can tear the minds from the
bodies of those nearby,
leaving
only drooling imbeciles. Woe
betide the caster who stands too
close, for the mind of a mage is
the most delicious of all…


PAGEBREAK
THE SCINTILLATING HOSTS

THE SCINTILLATING HOSTS

To mortal eyes, the kaleidoscopic daemon hosts of Tzeentch are impossible to distinguish from one another before
the beholder is slain or driven to insanity. There is method to the madness, however. Though none save perhaps
the Architect of Fate himself can follow all the ever-changing configurations, they all abide by his strange laws.

Tzeentch’s
forces are many and
varied, their compositions often
in flux. This fluid organisation,
quite the opposite of Khorne’s
militant and hierarchical cohorts
or the cyclical formations that serve
Nurgle, delights their patron. Yet
there remain hidden strictures that
please Tzeentch,
foremost amongst
them the sacred number nine. Each
convocation is led by a mighty Lord
of Change and is divided into nine
hosts. Each of these is led in turn
by a subordinate greater daemon,
Herald or other powerful minion.
The convocation’s master may
occasionally commandeer one of its
hosts itself, should such a course of
action appear propitious.

All of Tzeentch’s daemons are
dedicated to furthering their
patron’s rule – indeed, as part
of his essence, they rarely do
anything else – but as they go about
their tasks, they incline towards
particular methods depending
on the convocation to which they
belong. The daemons of the Grand
Cabal, for instance, represent
Tzeentch in his role as the Great
Conspirator, preferring espionage,
intrigue, politics and clandestine
sorcery to achieve their aims. They
are perhaps the least openly warlike
of the Scintillating Hosts and
favour winning their battles in the
landscape of the mind rather than in
the open field.

The Hosts Duplicitous share a taste
for misdirection – though, for
them, it is an end unto itself. When
forced to engage in person, they
swathe themselves in mirages and
shimmering illusions. Combined
with the Horrors’
innate ability to
split, reform into new bodies and
split again, this makes them an
amorphous and bewildering foe
to face upon the field of battle. No
simple sword blade can strike true
against the Hosts Duplicitous; to win
a victory against them, the weapons
of the mind must prevail.

The Hosts Arcanum were amongst
the first to invade Aqshy’s Great
Parch and still have a great presence
there to this day. Ranging from
parasitic familiars that suckle upon
their unwitting masters, hiding
their true forms, to towering greater
daemons that cackle maniacally as
they devour magical artefacts and
spell-wrought tomes, the Hosts
Arcanum have a myriad forms.
Screamers are common in their
number, attracted to the invisible
haze of energy that gathers around
magic users as sea-feeders are
attracted to plankton in the ocean.

The Hosts Arcanum have long
sought to claim the bounty of the
Agloraxi Empire. Indeed, it was
they who led those proud mages
to the brink of utter annihilation,
stoking their pride and supplying
ever more arcane trinkets, mysteries
and riddles to unlock. It was this
same overweening hubris that saw
the Agloraxi take to the skies upon
their giant floating city and, in doing
so, offend Khorne enough that the
Blood God struck their metropolis
from the heavens, causing it to
shatter into a million pieces across
the Flamescar Plateau – much to
the amusement of their hidden
‘benefactor’, Tzeentch.

The Transcendental Change are
birds of a different feather, relying
heavily upon the power of mutation.
They use transformational magics
to cause immediate and traumatic
physical alteration to their foes, the
environment – even themselves.

Although any of Tzeentch’s
daemons can appear in all of the
different convocations, some show
a proclivity for specific ones. For
instance, Flamers always feature
prominently in the hosts of the
Eternal Conflagration, while the
mind-melting anarchy of the
Unbound Flux typically revolves
around cavorting masses of Horrors.
These hosts are more given to open
war,
for they rejoice in the colour,
noise and light of their master’s
power unleashed in its most vibrant
and destructive form.

Each of the convocations strives
to garner the lion’s
share of their
master’s praise. For a daemon to
earn its master’s favour is to live
and prosper ; should it instead
displease its lord, it may be banished,
diminished or even subsumed to
forfeit its sentience altogether. As
one would expect from the minions
of Tzeentch,
there is no end to their
machinations as they push their own
agendas and sabotage those of their
rivals. When the Great Schemer
weighs the tributes paid to him and
proclaims his judgement, the sigils
of each convocation writhe upon the
Shifting Pyramid of Yrch deep in the
Cr ystal Labyrinth, blazing into a new
hierarchical order.

The nine most favoured
Scintillating Hosts are each granted
control of one of the Fractal
Fortresses, and their fallen are
resurrected more quickly from the
Nine Gates. Not surprisingly,
this
new order can turn quickly – it is as
fickle as Tzeentch himself. Even his
most favoured and trusted daemons
walk a tightrope of causality that
can see them rise to new heights
or plummet into the darkness of
disgrace. One need only listen to
the legend of the Lord of Change
known as Kairos Fateweaver, hurled
deep into the Well of Eternity to
sate Tzeentch’s
curiosity,
in order
to appreciate how capricious the
Changer of the Ways truly is.


PAGEBREAK
The Flesh Ascended

THE FLESH ASCENDED

Not all daemons begin their existence as such. El’an’zeth,
the Ninefold Promise, was once a mortal servant of the
Great Schemer, granted the gift of daemonhood after a lifetime spent gathering forbidden knowledge and lost
secrets. He now stands eternal guard over the library-city of Uzalith.

Those who worship Tzeentch
do so for power, knowledge and
immortality. Many find their way
into Arcanite Cults, wherein secrets
must be unlocked and trials passed
to ascend through the hierarchy. So
it was for El’an’zeth,
the Ninefold
Promise, whose mortal name was
Elias the Seer. Naturally gifted
in the arts of sorcery, but also
keenly intellectual and mercilessly
acquisitive in his quest for
knowledge, Elias spent much of his
life as a hermit in the wilderness. His
only vice was to meddle in the fates
of man, duardin and aelf from afar,
taking joy in each manipulation.

This tendency led Elias down a
dark path. He angered the scions of
Khorne when he sent false omens to
the Skullfiend Tribe,
leading them
into the desiccating wilderness of the
Arid Swathe. When the Bloodbound
warlord learned the cause of the
error, Elias fled across the Mortal
Realms, joining a cell of the Guild
of Summoners within the winding
volcanic caverns of Vindicarum.
Living in fear, he turned to the one
god who claimed he could protect
him – almighty Tzeentch. He made
many sacrifices to his new patron
and earned ever more arcane prizes
as he climbed through the ranks.

At first, Elias avoided the pitfalls of
pride and avarice that would have
blasted the minds of lesser souls,
prioritising those plots of Tzeentch
that benefited mankind over the
other mortal races. He even navigated
the warped corridors of a Silver
Tower when he was finally called
to account for himself, returning
with boons of esoteric wisdom and
mutation that seemed beneficial at
first but ultimately paved his way
to daemonhood. So is the path to
glory travelled by those with the
strength and willpower to do so, for
much is gifted to those who dedicate
themselves wholly to Tzeentch.


PAGEBREAK
Nine Shall be Their Number

NINE SHALL BE THEIR NUMBER

Each of the convocations that gather in Tzeentch’s name has its own symbol. Only nine such icons can occupy the
prime positions upon their patron’s Shifting Pyramid of Yrch, where the fates burn hot. Those currently favoured
by Tzeentch have held their status since the beginning of the Age of Sigmar, but – as ever – change is inevitable…

THE ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION

Blazing with the unnatural fires of change are these lords of wyrdflame.
Daemons all, their eyes are embers of malevolence, their blades the tongues of
mutative infernos set loose to wreak havoc on the flesh of their foes. All that
are kissed by these fires find their mortal bodies transmogrified into surreal
forms, screaming in their last moments as writhing tentacled blobs, statues of
bone or frozen cr ystal glimmering for the glory of Tzeentch.

To face the Eternal Conflagration in battle is to gape at a kaleidoscopic
display of power – and, should the viewer not see sense enough to flee, to be
consumed by those same daemonic fires. Their icon is the burning triskele, an
ever-turning wheel that hurls out pure change. Of all Tzeentch’s hosts, these
are the least subtle, and their rivals often scoff at the uncomplicated approach
to victory taken by their master,
the Radiant Lord:
let the fires of change run
wild, and almighty Tzeentch wi l l do the rest. Yet
in this purity of focus, they
find great favour with the Changer of the Ways. It pleases Tzeentch to see the
mortal clay of his foes rendered fluid and turned against its owners. In the
bedazzling brightness of the Eternal Conflagration’s
assault, a small measure
of his anarchic and ever-changing wi l l is made manifest.

THE HOSTS DUPLICITOUS

Ask them no questions,
lest they deign to answer. Nine times nine are the
distorted truths that they shall tell, and madness wi l l be their only reply.
Illusion dances about the daemons of the Hosts Duplicitous, for they hold
the power of deceit as sacred above all, never revealing their true intent to
anyone. Even their symbol is a contradiction, with two screaming daemon
faces gainsaying each other despite being a single entity. Such is this
convocation’s
all-consuming need to tear down truth and displace justice
with disorder that they wi l l go to great lengths to confound and undermine
the cities and metropolises of the Mortal Realms. This can be done through
dissembling whispers, secret rituals and obfuscatory vandalism, but when the
time of the daemon waxes nigh, it is achieved through large-scale invasions.
With their master,
the Phantom Lord, at their head, the notion of abiding
stability and order is proven to be the greatest lie of a l l.

THE HOSTS ARCANUM

From the great libraries of the Impossible Fortress they hail, thoughts
burning with forbidden secrets. Purest sorcery is their propensity,
for they
are the arch-spellcasters of all reality. No incantation is beyond their reach,
no mystery impenetrable to their piercing gaze. Those who seek skill in the
arts of sorcery wi l l sometimes make offerings to this convocation, as they are
more proficient in the ways of magic than any other daemons. They are all too
happy to grant esoteric power to such supplicants; by bringing chaotic magic
to the realms, they can peer into the works of men and weaken the division
between the Mortal Realms and their home domain. Their icon, the all-seeing
eye, hints at this desire to witness every act of sorcery there is.

It is the Hosts Arcanum that the Blue Scribes fight alongside most frequently,
for the lords and Heralds of this daemon army amass eldritch lore as a stone
gathers moss, and even other daemons can learn from them. Like attracts
like, and the more mastery the Hosts Arcanum show over their strange arts,
the more they find the energies of the realms falling under their power.


PAGEBREAK
THE TRANSCENDENTAL
CHANGE

None are as perpetually in flux as
the Transcendental Change, for
they are the true children of the
Great Mutator. They embody the
power of alteration, unleashing wave
upon wave of irresistible change
such that their enemies, their own
warriors and even the battlefield
itself are distorted and remade in
the multifarious aspects of almighty
Tzeentch. In this lack of discernment
is a strange kind of power – it is not
for nothing that they claim to be the
closest in nature to the elemental
core of the Changer of the Ways.

THE GRAND CABAL

With infinite care, they wield
intrigue and espionage as others
wield blades. The Grand Cabal seek
out those who covet power or those
who guard it with jealousy and fear.
These they manipulate,
fanning the
flames of paranoia and avarice until
an inferno of strife erupts. It is the
joy of the Grand Cabal to infiltrate
the strongholds of the mortal races
– several of the Cities of Sigmar
are being slowly strangled by their
interweaving plots and schemes.
Though the Order of Azyr attempts
to unpick these webs, they have been
outwitted a hundred times over.

SEEKERS OF INFINITE
WISDOM

The locks break and fall away, one by
one. Stolen keys turn in forbidden
doorways as runes of warding flare
and die like the death of distant
stars. No barrier can turn them
aside, and no warning shall they
heed, for the Seekers of Infinite
Wisdom wi l l dare any consequence
in their quest for omniscience. They
seek to unpick the riddles of the
cosmos, amongst them the mysteries
of the Realmgates and the aetheric
void. These daemons gladly delve
into secrets best left alone. Fear
them, for what they know can kill…

LEGION OF FATE

It is they who read the weaving
streams of time eternal, twisting
chance and pruning potential even
as they redirect the paths of those
whose deeds threaten their agendas.
All knowledge spreads before their
countless eyes like an impossible
vista, and matters temporal are as
inconsequential zephyrs to them.
Much like their idol Kairos, for the
Legion of Fate, the stuff of causality
is as a ball of yarn to a cat. They
love nothing more than to cut away
the skeins of destiny and so damn
mortal endeavours to ruination.

LORDS OF DOMINION

Countless are those who dance
unknowingly to the pandemoniac
musics of the Lords of Dominion. It
is their talons that grip the puppets’
strings, their scripts from which
the hapless unwittingly read. Many
do their bidding, though few know
it, for here are the mind-thieves
and the suborners of will. Supreme
manipulation is their province. They
do this not to further some dramatic
endgame, nor do the civil wars they
bring about fulfil a greater purpose
– they pull the strings purely for the
thr i l l of mastery over others.

THE UNBOUND FLUX

Spreaders of anarchy and slayers of
reason, the Unbound Flux bring into
reality those horrors that should
remain forever trammelled within
the minds of the deranged. Mental
strength melts like hot wax beneath
their unravelling gaze and ordered
thought deforms into mayhem. Stern
minds and staunch hearts run mad
at their touch, for the Unbound Flux
bring change in such purity that no
armour can be proof against it. To
look upon their works is to go insane;
madness is both their weapon and
their legacy to the Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
TZEENTCH ARCANITES

TZEENTCH ARCANITES

Tzeentch does not rely on his daemon armies alone to conquer the Eight Realms; the Changer of the Ways has
lured many mortal followers to his inscrutable cause. The Arcanites and their growing cults play a crucial role in
the Great Schemer’s plots of conquest.

Like his brothers, Tzeentch has
corrupted countless mortal servants.
Once, they belonged to tribes of
men, but they became ensnared,
lured by promises of power, glory,
forbidden lore and immortality.
Great champions rose, gathering
those that followed the dark paths
into armies, and during the Age
of Chaos, their conquests spread
across the Mortal Realms, furthering
Tzeentch’s
ineffable plans. Yet
those
Slaves to Darkness were not enough
to satisfy the Changer of the Ways.
In his infinite cunning, Tzeentch
created other types of mortal armies,
more devious and gifted in magic
than any that had come before.

Whether veiled by illusionary magics
or hidden as part of a clandestine
society, the Arcanites have grown in
power and number. Although some
of these hidden cults and secretive
armies have existed for generations,
only recently have they begun to
make their nefarious presence felt
in the Mortal Realms. Some made
their lairs in secret forest clearings
or places rich in eldritch energies;
others were secreted right under
the noses of the forces of Order. As
Sigmar’s new cities grew, so too did
the Arcanites, spreading like some
hidden malignancy.

Although typically covert in nature,
the Arcanites strike when the time
is right, unleashing a bombardment
of sorcerous destruction. Kairic
Acolytes, their faces obscured by
cr yptic masks, chant sizzling arcane
bolts into existence that arc into
their foes. Sects of Kairic Acolytes
are secretive, with many continuing
to grow undetected in human tribes
and cities across the Mortal Realms.
To maintain their secrecy, the
more conspicuous aspects of their
altered forms are concealed beneath
illusions and sorcerous obfuscations.
The Acolytes are careful to remove
their idealised disguises out of sight
of even their fellow cultists, so that
none know the true identities of

the other members. Great pains
are taken to arrange meetings in
hidden locations, where the Kairic
Acolytes learn the secrets of magic
from a Kairic Adept or Magister
in the cult’s cabal. Acolytes all
aspire to become powerful wizards,
supremely confident that it wi l l
be they who master Chaos and
never the other way around. Each
level of advancement brings new
secrets. Acolytes who show promise
are granted boons, such as occult
grimoires, talismans from the
Cr ystal Labyrinth to boost arcane
abilities – even Vulcharcs, carrion
birds so corrupted by Chaos that
they hunt and feast upon magic.

All Tzeentch’s Arcanite agents are
tasked with manipulating events to
turn destiny in their god’s favour. An
alchemist might conduct disturbing
research with dark magic, while
a worker gang might plot to burn
down a nearby district, pinning the
blame on the different races that live
amongst the Cities of Sigmar. Feuds
are begun and political alliances torn
asunder. Insidiously, Chaos spreads.
When the cabal of an Arcanite Cult
feels it is time, they gather together,
cast off their illusions and strike.
Kairic Acolytes pool their energies
in order to barrage their foe with
sorcerous bolts; when close-quarters
combat nears, they close in with
murderous intent, chanting all the
while. Any foes that survive their
magical assault must then face the
Acolytes’ blades, along with those of
their Tzaangor allies.

The leaders of the Arcanite Cults
take a dizzying variety of forms.
The Tzaangors are avian beastmen
who serve Tzeentch,
their unnatural
instincts and animal savagery
augmented with a keen, if cruel,
intelligence. The Tzaangor elites –
the Enlightened and the Skyfires
– ride the air atop scintillating
Discs of Tzeentch, sometimes
accompanied to war by hulking
Ogroid Thaumaturges. These brutes
hurl roiling fireblasts, from which
spring Horrors, before lowering their
mighty horns to charge the foe.

Magisters are master sorcerers
who blast the enemy into swirling
motes of multicoloured light or
transmute them into cr ystal.
Crackling shields of magical power
spark and flare as enemy blades and
bolts rebound harmlessly against
their incantations. Fatemasters are
cunning warriors surrounded by
an aura that alters destiny in their
favour, while Tzaangor Shamans
ride upon daemonic Discs and
cause the air to boil with mutagenic
spells, each transforming foes into
mockeries of their former selves.

After battle, the Arcanite Cults
fade back into the hinterlands,
covering their tracks with illusions
or assuming false guises to live
undetected amongst unsuspecting
populations. Once returned to
obscurity,
the cults recommence
their secret plots. In the wilds, fell
flux-cairns are raised, while in
settlements, feuds are ignited and
illicit political alliances forged. Foul
rituals summon daemons, dark rites
pinpoint the locations of arcane
artefacts and events are manipulated
to twist fate in Tzeentch’s
favour.
The Arcanite Cults constantly grow,
luring in further conspirators,
beguiling the power-hungry and
corrupting newcomers. As it spreads
its influence, each cult awaits its next
god-given task. It wi l l not be long
in coming, for Tzeentch has many
plans, and change is inevitable…


PAGEBREAK
EXCELSIS FALLING

Excelsis was once a jewel in Sigmar’s empire, a port
city on Ghur’s Coast of Tusks. Built around a bay that
surrounded the colossal pillar of sigmarite known as
the Spear of Mallus,
it was one of the new metropolises
that swiftly grew to glory after the Stormcast Eternals
won beachheads across the Mortal Realms. The city
had thrived on harnessing, refining and monetising
splinters and shards of the Spear of Mallus, for that
mighty edifice had descended from the heavens of
Azyr and was rich in the energies of prophecy. Those
who absorbed the glimpses of the future afforded to
them by each ‘glimmering’ experienced flashes of
precognitive vision that could lead them to further
riches. Excelsis became a centre of trade, amassing
a vast naval force and powerful allies in the form of
the Scourge Privateers who magically subdued the
monsters of the ocean.

But the city’s heavens-sent boon cast a long shadow.
Tzeentch coveted the prophetic powers flowing
through the pillar of sigmarite and wished to harness
them for himself – the Spear of Mallus had been cast
from the heavens and, with the right enchantments,
might be used to reach them once more. If nothing
else, to unlock the secrets of the magical metal would
be a valuable prize. In furtherance of their god’s
desires, the Cult of the Fated Path infiltrated each
strata of society, from common scribes to vaunted
aristocrats. They were led by a sinister masked
Magister known as Ortam Vermyre, who had

worked his way up to the position of High Arbiter
but, in secret, counted many daemons amongst his
allies. Slowly, painstakingly, he established a web
of influence across the city. So careful was he that
even the Knights Excelsior – whose Stormkeep, the
Consecralium, towered over the city – knew not of
his agenda. Though they marched through the streets
each day on their way to war, and though they were
known for their pitiless purging of all things tainted
by Chaos, the Stormcast Eternals were preoccupied
with the ongoing battle against the orruk tribes of
the surrounding foothills and the vast part of their
strength was out in the field. If not for the intervention
of a common Freeguild sergeant, who stumbled across
evidence of the fate in store for the city,
the secret plot
to raze Excelsis would have come to fruition all but
unopposed. But that was not to be.

When the skies tore upon to send hosts of daemons
spilling into reality, much of the noble quarter was
destroyed, but the defenders had been given enough
time to marshal a solid counter-attack and stop the
city being consumed entirely by warpfire. For many
years to come, the city’s protectors turned their gaze
inwards, yet in neglecting their purges of the orruks in
the hills, they courted another kind of disaster. Blessed
strife and unbound change would come to Excelsis
once more, and, one way or another, Tzeentch’s
goal of
seeing the city consumed by disaster would be fulfilled
soon enough…


PAGEBREAK
The Arch-Conspirators

THE ARCH-CONSPIRATORS

At the dark heart of an Arcanite Cult, there w i l l always be a sorcerer. They are the founder of the cult, the leader of
a hidden army and the interpreter of Tzeentch’s divine w i l l. Forming a cabal around themselves, the leader grows
their cult through a web of agents, slowly amassing a secret army to strike in the name of the Changer of the Ways.

By the light of a stolen candle, a
scribe pores over dusty books,
seeking reward for his research
and desperate for answers to his
many questions. What would an
individual sacrifice to possess arcane
knowledge? How far would one
debase oneself to unlock a secret
hidden for untold ages?

Hypnotised by the lure of forbidden
knowledge or even a simple desire
to learn, many of the brightest
minds of the Mortal Realms are
led astray,
lured onwards down
the path of damnation in a quest
for enlightenment. One carefully
uncovered secret leads to another
until, in slow increments, a soul
has bartered away far more than
they ever meant to. There can be no
turning back, for those touched by
the faintest trace of Chaos would
do anything to avoid being hunted
down and dragged into the open by
the agents of Sigmar. The witch-
hunting Order of Azyr are not above
torture, and the Stormcast Eternals
practise rough and deadly justice.
By exploiting this fear, preying
upon those who are most zealous
in their search for arcana, do the
Tzeentchian cults recruit.

Each Arcanite Cult is built around
a sorcerer who is favoured by the
Changer of the Ways – for a time,
at least. Driven by Tzeentch’s
unknowable will, a Magister,
Tzaangor Shaman or Fatemaster
lays the foundations, taking on
apprentices worthy of their magical
teachings and seeking others that
can be taught.

So it was with Tri’chlan,
the founder
of the Cult Esoteric, a secret order
dedicated to plumbing the depths of
the most forbidden eldritch arts in
Hammerhal Ghyra. Tri’chlan had
long ago sold his soul to Tzeentch in
exchange for vast knowledge and,
in doing so, had become a Magister
– a sorcerer granted mutations
as well as dark gifts. Concealing
his fall to Chaos with powerful
illusions, Tri’chlan maintained his
position within the learned halls
of the Grand Academy, a temple of
enlightenment in the lush garden
district of Hammerhal Ghyra. There,
he sought those who,
like himself,
were questing for hidden knowledge,
frustrated by the foolish barriers put
in place by the Collegiate Arcane and
the Eldritch Council that forbade the
study or use of Chaos energies.

Most aspirants were rejected – they
lacked the proper conviction or
their abilities were not advanced
enough. Those who passed were
anointed as Kairic Acolytes, and
their true training began. Rite after
rite, sacrifice after sacrifice took
place. At first, all that was required
of the aspirants was their complicity
as they watched horrendous acts of
blasphemy and daemon-worship
in the cellars and basements of the
cult’s strongholds in Hammerhal
Ghyra. Then, the aspirants were
required to sacrifice captive Dryads
and forest spirits taken from the
blight-weakened woods of Verdia.
When the act of ki l ling in the
name of Tzeentch became second
nature to them, human sacrifice was
introduced, and the damnation of
the aspirants was finally sealed. So
did the Cult Esoteric grow powerful
indeed, as a hundred cults had done
before it.

It is a rare cult that boasts only a
single sorcerer,
for its commander
typically forms a cabal – a small
inner circle of leaders, all of whom
are masters of sorcery. New cultists
must be recruited and trained,
and those who pass ritual testing


PAGEBREAK
must be formed into covens. All
the cultists and any meeting sites
must be hidden from detection
through illusion, misdirection and
assassination. Secrecy is at the heart
of the cabal and a great portion
of the leaders’ magical powers are
directed towards concealing their
cult’s growing numbers. In this
way, many cults have been seeded
across the Mortal Realms, with only
Tzeentch knowing the exact number
and location of them a l l.

As cults become larger,
they risk
exposing their covert nature,
and so metamorphosis becomes
necessary. Upon filling its cabal
and covens to a multiple of nine,
a cult wi l l split and its members
wi l l branch out – just as Tri’chlan’s
order sowed the seeds of the
mutation-worshipping Cult of
Blessed Transition. Such is the
way of ambition, and such is the
way of Tzeentch. Indeed, it is only
the ambitious who willing ly seek
entry into one of these hidden
societies, eager to learn secrets,
rise from Acolyte to Adept,
join
the inner cabal and, finally,
lead
a cult themselves. Each new stage
of a cultist’s advancement unlocks
further lore, which they voraciously
absorb. As they do so, all coven
members compete for their leaders’
praise,
just as the cabal seeks dark
blessings from even higher powers,
calling upon either Lords of Change
or upon almighty Tzeentch himself.


PAGEBREAK
Secrets of the Cults

SECRETS OF THE CULTS

Arcanite Cults are secretive, clandestine organisations hidden by illusion and deceit. Although they are dedicated
to change and the downfall of Order, there is some method to the madness that binds together each cult. At the
head there is always a cabal, and underneath them is a group of three or more covens that do their bidding.

Each fully-fledged Arcanite Cult
is a major assemblage of mortal
Tzeentch worshippers, ranging
from factions of ninety-nine souls
to vast organisations numbering in
the thousands. Each cult is led by a
small but powerful group of warrior-
sorcerers known as a cabal, and it
may have further allies in the form of
henchmen and honoured guests.

Every one of the Arcanite Cults is
utterly dedicated to fu lfi l ling the
aims of their deity, but like the
convocations of Tzeentch’s daemons,
each cult does so by favouring one of
their god’s many aspects. Those who
flock to the banners of the Cult of
Oracles are steeped in precognitive
omens, portents and prophecies;
their actions, intrigues and wars
are all based around the predictive
nature of their future sight. The Cult
of the Transient Form, however,
favours mutations and change-
magics to achieve their ends, while
the Cult of a Thousand Eyes prefers
to work behind a veil of secrecy,
casting spells of manipulation and
control. Naturally,
the great cults
each regard themselves as superior to
their brethren and strive to maintain
ascendancy. Open warfare between
the cults is rare but not unheard of,
and betrayals and power struggles
are frequent indeed.

An Arcanite Cult usually contains
three to nine covens. Covens are
distinct groups of devotees made
up, in turn, of three separate
groups known as sects. When a cult
numbers a multiple of nine covens,
it wi l l keep to the sacred number
by splitting apart,
just as a Horror
divides or a globular aetherfish splits
upon glutting itself on the raw magic
of Tzeentch’s
realm. The extraneous
covens then take on a new identity
and name. These ‘splinter cults’ wi l l
often share the same colourations of
armour and aspects of iconography
as their parent cult, and they wi l l
fight alongside them with only scant
thoughts of treachery.

Many important cult rituals are
carried out not by the cabal but by its
lieutenants and subordinates. Some
of these henchmen are exclusively
allied with certain cults, but others
can be found across the spectrum.
Perhaps the most commonly seen
lieutenant is the Curseling, also
known as an Eye of Tzeentch. This
is a wizard whose body is host to
a Tretchlet – a minor daemon that
grafts onto or sprouts from its
bearer, conferring strange gifts and
whispering counsel. The Tretchlet’s
ability to detect lies and glean a
person’s
innermost secrets make
Curselings excellent in their role

of testing aspirants to the cult. The
souls of those deemed unworthy
are fed to the sinister Tretchlet,
thereby creating symbiosis between
sorcerer and spirit. Stranger still are
the Ogroid Thaumaturges, hulking
beings that blaze from within with
supernatural flame. Little is known
of these mysterious brutes, but they
are steeped in dark lore and their
command of the flames of Tzeentch
is second to none. Within Arcanite
Cults, the Ogroid Thaumaturges bear
titles like Thaumapriest or Master of
Faneflame,
for they lead the rituals
that call upon warpfire and teach its
secrets to the Kairic Acolytes.

Other types of lieutenant exist,
such as the Totemshriekers and
Prophet-horns. It is also not unusual
for Arcanite Cults to summon aid
from the Realm of Chaos or even
enlist the help of a Daemon Prince –
although who controls whom is not
always clear.

Occasionally, one of the Gaunt
Summoners may assume command
of an Arcanite Cult – or perhaps
merely join it for a time to serve his
own nefarious purposes. As there
are but nine of these terrifying ly
powerful beings in existence,
they are greatly revered by all of
Tzeentch’s
cultists.

LORDS OF THE SILVER TOWERS

The Gaunt Summoners are the most trusted mortal servants of the Change God, nine
wizards of formidable power charged with furthering Tzeentch’s
intricately woven
plans. Each claims dominion over one of the Silver Towers,
fortresses of cr ystal
and magic that appear across the Mortal Realms seemingly at random, always
leaving madness in their wake. Such are the sorcerous gifts bestowed upon
the Gaunt Summoners that they can twist the very landscape beneath them
into unnatural shapes, immolate entire armies with burning witchfire, or
transmute their foes into bubbling pools of protean matter. Despite their
allegiance to Tzeentch,
the Gaunt Summoners currently chafe under the
domination of Archaon the Everchosen, the mortal champion of the Dark
Gods, who sought out the sorcerers’
true names at great cost and, in doing so,
found a way to bind them to his service. Archaon utilises their talents of prophecy
and illusion to aid his grand conquest of the realms – a situation Tzeentch seems
content to allow,
for the time being at least. The Gaunt Summoners themselves long
for the day when they can escape from the Everchosen’s
iron grasp.


PAGEBREAK
THE HIDDEN ORDER

An Arcanite Cult typically comprises three to nine covens, each of which is made up of three sects. The cult is led
by an inner circle of powerful sorcerers called a cabal, who may delegate power to henchmen such as Curselings
and Ogroid Thaumaturges. Gaunt Summoners that deign to assist a cult are referred to as ‘honoured guests’. The
exact structure of a cult is in constant flux, but the basic elements are common to all.

HENCHMEN

Curselings

Ogroid
Thaumaturges

ARCANITE
CABAL

Magisters

Tzaangor
Shamans

Fatemasters

The ruling cabal may ally
with independent agents and
temporary allies if it wi l l
further their arcane goals.

The cult’s cabal may be
formed of Magisters,
Tzaangor Shamans and
Fatemasters,
though
overall authority usually
falls to but one of these
powerful individuals.

HONOURED GUESTS

Gaunt
Summoners

The Gaunt Summoners that align
themselves to the Arcanite Cults
are held in both fear and awe by
the initiated.

WITCHFYRE COVEN
(3 SECTS)

ALTER-KIN COVEN
(3 SECTS)

SKYSHOAL COVEN
(3 SECTS)

Kairic Acoly tes

Kairic Acoly tes

Kairic Acoly tes

Tzaangors

Tzaangor
Enlightened

Tzaangor
Skyfires

Tzaangor
Skyfires

Tzaangor
Skyfires

Tzaangor
Enlightened

Witchfyre Covens are formed
of Kairic Acolytes who
demonstrate an aptitude for
conjuring the fires of change,
together with a Tzaangor
Enlightened escort.

Alter-kin Covens are masters
of mutating magic. To stand
within the aura of change that
surrounds them is to risk an
agonising transformation.

Tzaangors that form covens
with Enlightened and Skyfires
fight with heightened ferocity,
eager to prove themselves before
their elevated kin.


PAGEBREAK
The Marks of Change

THE MARKS OF CHANGE

When the Arcanites go to war, eldritch symbols that were once concealed under voluminous robes are displayed
for all to see. Whether emblazoned on artefacts, shimmering on standards and banners or tattooed on their skin,
those who have tired of keeping their allegiance hidden now wish to show their true colours to the world.

The flowing, serpentine forms used
by the Cult of the Transient Form
represent continual evolution. When
tattooed in iridescent ink, they
render the wearer more susceptible
to blessed mutation.

The Arcanites of the Cult Cognita bear tomes inscribed
with their sacred mark and penned in the blood
of witches. They are said to know the truth behind
Slaanesh’s
fall, though they keep silent on the matter.

The scr ying orb is the sigil of the Cult of Oracles,
they who seek to disrupt the natural order of the
stars. Gifted in the arts of prophecy,
they fear only the
Seraphon, who protect the celestial world at all costs.

Wisps of flame circling an all-seeing eye is the sigil of the
wyrdfire-obsessed Pyrofane Cult. To the untutored eye, it
appears as a simple gold disc; only under the scrutiny of a
cultist does the icon show its true form.

The Eye Entwined – often worn as a living, glaring
eyeball incorporated into stylised jewellery – is the
sign of the Cult of Twisted Fate. Revelling in cruel
ironies wrought on a grand scale, their patrons drink
in the final denouements of their treacherous plans.


PAGEBREAK
The banners of the Guild of Summoners are daubed in the vile
by-products of the Horrors slain and reborn in their service.

The Cult Pandemonius reveres the
‘daemon’s bite’,
thinking it the truest
incarnation of Tzeentch’s will. Their
icon is a ravening, avian maw,
the
change that consumes a l l.

A crescent replete with staring
eyeballs is the hallmark of the Cult
of a Thousand Eyes. Their many spies
and agents are scattered across the
cities of the realms.

The Eldritch Cult make it their business
to recruit from the ambitious and often
frustrated novices of the Collegiate
Arcane. Those inducted soon find
Tzeentch’s mark is upon them.


PAGEBREAK
SKEINS OF FATE AFLAME

SKEINS OF FATE AFLAME

The infinitely complex weave of fate, barely glimpsed by even the most gifted mortal seer, is the plaything of
almighty Tzeentch. His disciples have striven to tear it, rework it and set it ablaze in a thousand different ways,
some of which have resonated across the centuries as works of dark genius.

THE AGE OF MYTH

THE WHISPERING TOMES

Tzeentch’s presence in the Mortal
Realms starts as little more than
a web of suspicions and vague
memories of treacherous entities
lurking in the darkness. However,
when the rising nations of Sigmar’s
first civilisations lay down their
knowledge in the form of the
written word, Tzeentch finds a way
in. Through the waking dreams
of overworked scribes half-asleep
at their calligrapher’s lecterns,
his daemon whisperers introduce
words that have no right to be in
the language of mortals. Slowly,
syllable by syllable, the Dark Tongue
infiltrates the most esoteric of tomes
– and as those grimoires whisper
softly in the night, the notion of
pacts with entities from beyond the
Mortal Realms is introduced to the
minds of ambitious men.

GLOSSOLALIA IN THE
DARK TONGUE

The research of obscure languages
becomes highly fashionable among
the scholastic brotherhoods of Hysh.
The words of the Dark Tongue,
having permeated not only the
books of learned men but also the
automatic speech of corrupted
shamans, are spoken out loud for the
thr i l l of it – the fact that those who
do so often end up bleeding from the
mouth only adds to its illicit appeal.

In the depths of the Nasroan
Catacombs, a cabal of scholars
take their experiments to the next
level, hoping to unlock a secret
source of power. Their chanting
escalates out of control until they
are speaking in tongues;
in doing
so, they thin reality, and the unclean
light that streams out from the
Realm of Chaos infects them with
the wi l l of Tzeentch. Silently they
leave, each heading for a different
Realmgate so that they might babble
their unclean truths to a hundred
unsullied nations.

STAINED GLASS

In the glass galleries and atriums
of the Ninespire, the name of the
greater daemon Kairos Fateweaver
is said aloud for the first time in the
Mortal Realms. The colourful
lead-
lined windows of that ancient and
cosmopolitan city flicker and move,
triumphal scenes and coronations
being replaced by renditions of
terrible massacres and burning cities.
It is the cause of great wonderment,
but, thus far, the city’s existence has
been so untroubled by strife that it
causes little more than ripples of
unease. Such is the complacency of
the people of Ninespire that none
realise the scenes foretell the events
of the age to come. Over the course
of the next few centuries, Kairos
Fateweaver takes great pleasure in
ensuring every one of the hellish
scenes comes to pass.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

TRANSCENDENT TREACHERY

In Chamon, the godbeast known as
the lode-griffon settles in the heart of
the Spiral Crux. The land is reshaped
by the metallurgical apocalypse that
results, and when the beast is finally
slain, its death scream splits reality
to let Tzeentch’s daemons pour
through. Soon after,
the beastmen
of that region raise their Herdstones
across the Great Bewilderness.
Runcor Hagbitten ki l ls ever ything
in his path that bears man-scent or
values civilisation. Even the illusions
of the Tzeentch Arcanites cannot
save them, as the Transcendental
Change discover to their cost during
the massacre of the Vulcharc Peaks.

By the light of a twisted moon, the
spellcaster known as Mater Muta
turns herself and her followers into
Tzaangors. The Allherd track them
down, but now that they bear the
scent of beastmen, they are not slain;
instead, they are subsumed into
the Allherd.

Over the coming months, the
outlying elements of Hagbitten’s
Allherd number more and more
blue-skinned, beaked mutants who
pay obeisance to Tzeentch and fewer
of the original gor-kin. Only when
the Tzaangors outnumber the other
beastmen two to one does Mater
Muta reveal the truth – that the
hunt is futile, and that she has been
slowly changing the beastmen that
once pursued her into fresh acolytes
for Tzeentch. Outraged, Hagbitten
himself lowers his horns and charges
Mater Muta, only to be turned into
a Chaos Spawn the moment his
horn-tip grazes her flank. Muta’s
Tzaangors overthrow the Hagbitten
horde, and the Great Bewilderness is
claimed in Tzeentch’s name.

THE AETHER-EATERS OF
THE GREAT PARCH

Intending to cleanse the Agloraxi
homelands of Tzeentchian influence,
the magocracy of the Great Parch
cast a vast pyroclastic spell – the
same rite that once ignited the
Kindling Forest. However,
the
Blue Scribes that are ransacking
the Agloraxi’s
shattered citadels in
search of new spells to hoard have
learnt well of the mages’ power. They
conduct the numberless shoals of
Screamers and Burning Chariots
that follow in their wake to corral
and consume the raging fires as
they cascade across Aspiria. Even
as the magical flames of Aqshy
billow across the landscape, the
fires are inhaled. When the spell is
consumed entirely,
the Blue Scribes
gather the flying daemons into a vast
shimmering sphere, distilling the
magic they devoured and recording
its secrets in their tomes.


PAGEBREAK
THE GOD-HAMMER HIDDEN

The sorcerer Ephr yx wagers
ever ything he has to take the ancient
city of E lixia, for he has discovered
that there lies Ghal Maraz. Unable
to claim its magic for himself,
he has a grand fortress raised
around it and begins to pollute the
Hanging Valleys of Anvrok with
Tzeentchian magic.

THE INVINCIBLE FORT

Upon the windswept Beastbane
Tundra,
the Ironjaw tribes erect the
Bossfort, an iron castle inviolable
even to Ghurish megafauna. Many
thousands of orruks gather there,
for the fort, built from the remains
of the three cities toppled by Gharag
Gutslasher, has become famous in
greenskin society. Yet word of its
construction also reaches Tzeentch.
The Pyrofane Cult, newly formed
in the cities of the Age of Myth and
eager to prove itself, makes its way
towards the fort. Having struck a
deal with the Grand Cabal, the cult
goes in the guise of a roving caravan
of Gnoblars. As it passes through the
fortress gates, disguises are thrown
off and the alliance’s glamours
discarded to reveal a carnival of
colours. Warpfire cascades from the
hands of the cultists, consuming
the Bossfort’s inner walls as the
Magisters behind them summon
the daemons of the Eternal
Conflagration. Before the day is out,
the fortress is ablaze with rippling
flame that turns flesh and metal alike
to tentacled jelly.

The orruks within, crazed with
battle-lust, sally forth en masse,
hacking hundreds of Kairic Acolytes
to pieces before breaking through
the ring of blades and flame. The
Tzeentch worshippers who survive
their onslaught simply walk into
the city through the raging inferno,
for the flames do not touch them.
Over the course of the next week, the
Ironjawz find themselves fighting to
reclaim their own stronghold while
also contending with a moat of fire
and mutant flesh. As the flames rage
ever higher, the Bossfort is reduced
to a bubbling, molten hellscape. All
that is left of the complex is a morass
of metal that mars the tundra to
this day, still as red-hot as the day it
first burned.

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

EPHRYX IN EXILE

As Sigmar’s Tempest breaks, the
hammer Ghal Maraz is located in
Anvrok. Vandus Hammerhand and
Thostos Bladestorm lead the assault,
and though Ephr yx translocates
the entire Eldritch Fortress to
the upper planes of the Hanging
Valleys, his ritual to harness Ghal
Maraz is ultimately defeated. The
sorcerer, on the brink of earning
Tzeentch’s
eternal favour through
having denied Sigmar his legendary
hammer for so long, is banished
into exile in the Realm of Chaos for
losing so potent a relic.

UNSTABLE FOUNDATIONS

Many of Sigmar’s free cities are
built using realmstone in order
to speed their construction. Their
foundations are laid down in arcane
patterns at the behest of the false
architect Valius Maliti – in truth, the
daemonic Changeling.

A DREAD SUMMONING

In the fledgling city of Colostrum,
a trio of Arcanite mages stows
away in a prison cart bound for
the Erosian Gaol. Thrown into
dank cells, they etch strange sigils
on the steelwood walls of their
confines, each part of a summoning
rite of great potency. At the rite’s
conclusion, daemon Heralds crawl
from the mildewed walls to burn the
gaolers to death and melt the bars
of the Arcanites’ cells, allowing the
summoners to inscribe even more
arcane diagrams under the cover
of the resultant jailbreak. By the
time their dark work is uncovered,
the entire complex is filled with
daemons. Lord-Castellant Herqa
leads a counterstrike to contain the
infestation, but whenever one Horror
is struck down, two more take its

place. Anarchy boils in the streets
as criminals, then cultists, then
daemons rampage high and low.

A GRAND MISDIRECTION

The omens and portents of the
Time of Tribulations alert Nagash’s
enemies to the fact that something
vast is nearing fruition in Shyish.
Many of the forces sent to tear down
Nagashizzar find themselves waylaid
or turning upon one another,
amongst them the hosts of Lord-
Ordinator Vorrus Starstrike and
the warqueen Marakarr Blood-Sky.
None realise that the entity pulling
their strings is the Changeling – for
in the necroquake, as in all things,
Tzeentch sees great opportunity. A
long-standing debt from the Great
Horned Rat is called in, and the
skaven infiltrate Nagash’s great work
at the last, corrupting his ritual
just
as it reaches completion.

THE ARCANUM OPTIMAR

The cataclysm of the necroquake
causes a tremendous magical
backlash, and many of the most
powerful spells cast during this
time take on a life of their own. The
realms are roamed not only by the
living dead but by predatory magical
emanations, each of which empowers
the Change God in its own way.
Tzeentch looks upon his great
corruption of Nagash’s works, and
his laughter echoes across the void.

AETHER WAR

The skies of Chamon are riven by
war as the Kharadron Overlords and
the Disciples of Tzeentch seek to
capitalise on the new status quo.

THE PERIMETER INIMICAL

Tzeentch sends his daemon legions
to claim vast swathes of each realm’s
Perimeter Inimical, where the magic
rages strong and the defences of
the mortal races are weak. Yet
the
Lords of Change to whom he has
entrusted the duty of their conquest
are far from unopposed. Not only
do they clash with Slaaneshi forces
that would claim these extreme
environments for their own, they are
also confronted by the Null Myriad,
a near-endless legion of Bonereapers
to whom magic is but the merest
hindrance – and who have a cold
vengeance driving them to war.


PAGEBREAK
Lords of Change

LORDS OF CHANGE

The Feathered Lords, the Winged Watchers, Lords of Change stride to war surrounded by a prismatic aura of
ever-changing magic. These master manipulators wield their arcane powers to advance the myriad plots of
Tzeentch; where their gaze falls, it pierces the mind, laying bare the hopes and dreams of all mortals before them.

Crackling with magical energies, a
Lord of Change hurls pyrotechnic
bolts of wyrdfire or splits reality with
a gesture, sending enemies tumbling
into the Realm of Chaos. As might
be expected from greater daemons
of Tzeentch, Lords of Change are
mighty spellcasters. Pure eldritch
power courses through their bodies
as blood pumps through the veins
of a mortal. More cunning and
aloof than the greater daemons of
the other Chaos Gods, Lords of
Change revel in looking down on
their hapless foes. They use their
great feathered pinions to carr y them
across the battlefield, ensuring that
they fight the enemy on their terms –
and theirs alone.

Although a Lord of Change typically
uses magic and trickery to further
its ends, it is still a formidable
fighter at need, with talons that
can shred shields or pierce even
sigmarite armour. Countless heroes
have underestimated these strange
avian daemons, only to see their
lances or swords shatter against
their would-be quarry’s immortal
hide. Yet of all of a Lord of Change’s

many terrible qualities, the most
dangerous are its multilayered
cunning and fathomless wisdom.
Behind its inscrutable gaze lies a
curious and callous mind, deeply
intelligent yet as uncaring of
consequence as it is fascinated by it.
The greater daemon’s meddling in
mortal affairs is not unlike a child
playing upon some gigantic anthill,
poking at its inhabitants with a stick
and laughing at the hopeless efforts
of their defence. Nothing pleases
these ancient beings more than to see
a world broken then made anew,
to
redirect the course of a life or history
itself, spilling hope upon the ground
while raising the ambitions of others
to perilous heights.

As the purest manifestations of
the Great Conspirator,
the Lords
of Change are unpredictable
and shrewd. Perhaps their
greatest weakness is that they
are manipulative to the point of
compulsiveness, continuing to twist
plots long after their objectives have
been fulfilled. Many a time has
a plan nursed for centuries been
completed, only for the end goal to

be foiled because the Lord of Change
pulling the strings could not cease
plucking at the skeins of fate.

The Lords of Change serve as
the commanders of Tzeentch’s
armies. They are erudite tacticians,
well versed in countless ploys
and stratagems. Untold human
champions, armies of the Slaves to
Darkness and Arcanite Cults live
and die at the whim of Lords of
Change, though they may not realise
it. When they lead their followers in
person, they are lethal indeed.

There are nine different ranks of
Lords of Change, all with grandiose
titles. While the ranks themselves
fluctuate in hierarchical standing,
the prefix of Exalted is added to
the title of the greater daemon that
holds Tzeentch’s highest regard at
any one time. As the Change God is
fickle, however, even the most lauded
daemons can fall out of favour in the
blink of an eye. It goes without saying
that Tzeentch’s
ranking criteria are
indecipherable, often appearing
completely arbitrary to even the most
sagacious of his minions.

KAIROS FATEWEAVER

Even Tzeentch dares not enter the Well of Eternity,
the vast receptacle of knowledge at the heart of the
Impossible Fortress. It is the one puzzle that the Great
Sorcerer has not been able to solve. In the name of
understanding, Tzeentch hurled the Lord of Change
known as Kairos into the endless pit. As with all
daemons, the Fateweaver was part of his patron god,
and Tzeentch hoped that Kairos would learn the Well’s
secrets on his behalf.

After what seemed an infinite span lost in the depths,
Kairos eventually clawed his way back out. He emerged
greatly changed, his bifurcated soul epitomised by two
distinctly different heads. Now Kairos can perceive
things that even Tzeentch cannot. Kairos’ right head
sees possible futures as clear as day, while his left
head sees the past without the petty colourations of
perspective or bias. Yet this gift was not without toll, for
both of Kairos’ heads are now blind to the present.

Kairos cannot see time as it passes, only events that
are yet to happen or that have already been. For many
ages of mortals, Kairos Fateweaver has sat at Tzeentch’s
right hand, stirring the Well of Eternity with his mind,
whispering secrets of what will be or truths about what
has already come to pass. Sometimes Tzeentch tires
of unravelling these insights, for Kairos has become
overfond of the sound of his own croaking voice. At such
times, he sends Kairos into the Mortal Realms to lead an
army, recover an artefact or follow some thread of fate
through to its end. Although the Oracle of Tzeentch is
vulnerable to physical attack – the future does not reveal
itself swiftly enough to predict the to and fro of battle –
Kairos has an unparalleled knowledge of magic. Tracing
burning sigils in the air, the Fateweaver grants foes the
gift of mutation or hurls pyrotechnic blasts of warpfire,
one head always watching for the moment to twist the
fates in his favour as the other learns from the successes
and failures of the past.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Heralds of Tzeentch

HERALDS OF TZEENTCH

Lieutenants of the daemonic convocations, the Heralds of Tzeentch help lead the multicoloured hosts to battle.
Ambitious and daring, Heralds seek to enact swift and traumatic change, hurling the fires of Tzeentch at their foes
before leading the charge, gibbering madly all the way.

Tzeentch created Heralds to lead
his foot soldiers. These creatures are
more powerful than Horrors and are
blessed with independent minds so
that they might direct the capering
masses. Unlike Horrors, Heralds do
not morph into multiple beings when
struck down. Instead, the magic of
their creation has made them far
stronger and more resilient than
their smaller kin. Gifted sorcerers,
Heralds can summon forth the fires
of Tzeentch – wyrdfire of pink or
blue – to blast enemies into bubbling
pools of living sludge. Many Heralds
also carr y arcane tomes or scrolls
from which they periodically
recite incantations, augmenting
their sorcerous might. The mere
presence of a Herald of Tzeentch
increases the abilities of their fellow
daemons, mutating them into new
and stronger forms and empowering
their magic.

FLUXMASTERS

The title of Fluxmaster is borne
by those Heralds who ride a Disc
of Tzeentch. As they fly across the
battlefields at great speed, reality
reshapes itself in their wake – they
are harbingers of both inevitable
change and raw primordial anarchy,
devolving matter into boiling
ectoplasm. Fluxmasters are often
used as messengers and outriders
within the armies of Tzeentch.
Some lead packs of Screamers in
aerial charges on the enemy’s flanks
or even take them to battle in the
skies, attacking the drakes and
griffons of the Cities of Sigmar or the
Kharadron sky-fleets with equal glee.
Others take leadership of groups
of their fellow Horrors, using their
advantageous position to better
augment and direct their charges
or confound their foes. Wherever
they go, the Fluxmasters leave
shimmering trails of disruption that
scar reality for years to come.

FATESKIMMERS

Fateskimmers are those Tzeentch
Heralds that acquire a Burning
Chariot – these conveyances are
usually the province of Exalted
Flamers, but Tzeentchian daemons
are not above stealing from one
another. Fateskimmers swoop
and dive across the battlefield,
borne upon a Disc of Tzeentch
that is pulled through the skies
by a pair of captive Screamers.
These Heralds cackle madly as they
unleash fearsome sorceries selected
from the most eldritch tomes in
their collection. Some, wishing to
show that they are no slouches in
the arts of war , wi l l smash their
contraptions into the enemy lines;
the more cautious and controlling
Fateskimmers instead lurk upon the
battle’s edge, yelling orders amidst
the madness and change-fire. It is
not unknown for Fateskimmers to
lead entire formations of Burning
Chariots, a force that is almost
impossible to stop.


PAGEBREAK
DISCS OF TZEENTCH

Each Disc of Tzeentch was once a daemon entity known as a Screamer.
The animalistic instincts and fierce predatory nature of these sky-sharks
makes them unruly servants, but with the correct transmogrifications,
they can be bound to the wi l l of a more powerful being. Their essence
hardened and formalised into a shape more pleasing to their master,
they become steel-hard discs of daemonic matter that can bear a
rider through the air at a dizzying pace. Some are held aloft upon an
invisible current of magic, others on tendrils of ectoplasm or writhing
forces of antipathy to the realms themselves. Each Disc wi l l have
several appendages and protrusions, whether prehensile pseudopods,
staring eyestalks or shimmering blades sharp enough to slash open an
enemy’s throat as the creatures speed past. Only the most talented and
determined of Tzeentch’s magic users can maintain such a creature’s
allegiance. Though usually only ridden by daemonic Heralds, there are
mortals favoured enough to be borne by these bizarre steeds into war.
Those who tame them are given great speed and manoeuvrability. On
the peak of Mount Kronus, the Gaunt Summoner known as the Watcher
King rode his Disc with such swiftness and surety that he evaded the
wrath of Archaon himself – for a time, at least…

CHANGECASTERS

The most common type of Herald
is the Changecaster, named for the
mutating magics they wield. Some
Changecasters serve in rather menial
or frustrating roles in comparison
to their mounted equivalents,
guarding sources of magical power
that Tzeentch deems important
to his plans or overseeing repairs
within the Cr ystal Labyrinth. More
frequently,
these Heralds can be
found leading packs of Horrors in a
Tzeentchian host, a task much akin
to herding an army of maniacal
court jesters, for the Horrors are
wont to caper off or burst into some
questionable display of mischief at
any moment. Changecasters have
enough of Tzeentch’s
favour about
them to be able to release devastating
barrages of magical pyrotechnics,
and they are capable fighters despite
their gangling, peculiar appearance
– they can turn even master
swordsmen into mutating slime with
a tap of their twisted staves.


PAGEBREAK
Favoured Scions of Tzeentch

FAVOURED SCIONS OF TZEENTCH

There are some amongst Tzeentch’s daemon incarnations that have neither the raw power of the greater daemon
nor the multitudinous might of his war Heralds, but they have a great impact on his plans nonetheless. These free
agents have their own agendas and travel to the ends of the Mortal Realms in furtherance of their esoteric plans.

THE BLUE SCRIBES

Tzeentch created the Blue Horrors
P’tarix and Xirat’p to record every
spell in existence. Though they are
much like their lesser kin in form
and surliness, they are far more self-
aware and powerful. The pair travel
the realms on a broad-winged Disc of
Tzeentch, seeking to transcribe every
incantation they come across. Each
is ever war y of the other’s betrayal,
for P’tarix can write magical symbols
but cannot read, while Xirat’p
can read his twin’s writing but
cannot comprehend it. Squabbling
between the two inevitably ensues. If
threatened by enemies, Xirat’p reads
at random from their accumulated
scrolls while P’tarix stabs with his
quill, a magical tool crafted from a
Lord of Change’s pinfeather.

The Blue Scribes’ creation is said
to date back to a time, aeons ago,
when Tzeentch ruled over all. His
brothers in darkness,
jealous of his
supremacy, shattered the Changer of
the Ways into countless shards that
were scattered across the cosmos.
In this way was sorcery brought
unto the worlds of mortals. Only
by locating and transcribing those
fragments, by amassing every spell
and soul-splinter in every reality,
can the Great Manipulator recover
his position as the pre-eminent god
of Chaos. To entrust their recovery
to a treacherous Lord of Change
would be folly ; as a result, this nigh
impossible task has been given to the
Blue Scribes. One day, they wi l l fulfil
it, for they are immortal, and they
know nothing else.

THE CHANGELING

One of the greatest of Tzeentch’s
servants, the creature known as the
Changeling personifies its patron’s
aspect as the meddlesome deceiver.
It is the trickster supreme, a perfect
chameleon whose streak of malice
has seen it weave a tapestry of
deception and disaster through the
history of man, aelf and duardin.
Able to shapeshift into any form,
not even its fellow Heralds know
the daemon’s
true identity,
for it
goes cowled and cloaked when not
in disguise. Indeed, the Changeling
has worn so many different guises
throughout the long ages that even
it cannot remember its original form.

The Changeling uses manipulation
and deception to achieve that which
martial strength alone could not. It
assumes whatever face wi l l allow it to
further its machinations, seamlessly
impersonating any other being it
chooses, no matter how big or small,
mighty or meek. The Changeling
has taken the forms of warriors and
wizards, master thieves and trusted
advisors. Its most recent coup was
to impersonate Valius Maliti – the
mastermind architect who helped
build the foundations of all the
Cities of Sigmar. During its time in
disguise, the Changeling spread lies
and misinformation. It wove webs
of falsehood, built many of Sigmar’s
cities on foundations of disaster
and sought out others who might be
ambitious enough to be corruptible,
planting seeds for future plots.

Sowing discord is what the
Changeling does best, and its
actions invariably lead to duels,
battles and even prolonged wars.
Although more an instigator than
a fighter, once it abandons its false
identity,
the Changeling has no
qualms about joining the fray
personally. It can cast spells to blast
the enemy with eldritch fire, and
in combat its Trickster Staff adopts
the qualities of its opponent’s most
powerful weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Bestial Agents of Change

BESTIAL AGENTS OF CHANGE

In Tzeentch’s
legions, the strange daemons known as Flamers serve as living artillery, blasting foes with gouts of
flame before bounding forwards to finish them off. Screamers attack with sharp horns and razored wings, gliding
through the air as a sea creature moves through water to swiftly strike anywhere on the foe’s battle line.

FLAMERS

Flamers are bizarre creatures, even
by the insane standards of the Realm
of Chaos. Their tubular bodies
randomly sprout gnashing maws
and grimacing faces that mimic
the last anguished cries of those
they have slain. Flamers have no
feet; instead, they have an inverted
skirt of fungoid flesh that draws
in air before expelling it through
powerful contractions. Thus, with
loud whooshes of discoloured
aether, the Flamer can propel itself
in leaps and bounds – ungainly
perhaps, but capable of a fair turn of
speed. Flamers can clear obstacles
with ease, and their strange mode
of locomotion can even see them
bounce across the surface of a body
of water,
their impacts sending up
geysers of steam with each landing.

Although barely sentient, Flamers
are extremely dangerous, for they
revel in destruction. Some are more
capable of independent thought;
known as Exalted Flamers, these are
champions of their kind and exude
sorcery from every pore of their
fungoid flesh. They often lead other
Flamers or Horrors into battle.

It is the flailing limbs of the Flamer
that give the daemon its name. The
long appendages end in tooth-lined
stumps from which fire spouts.
However,
these are no normal
flames; they are the stuff of raw
magic, multicoloured blasts that
scorch the senses even as they char
the body. Disturbing shapes and
apparitions dance in those flames,
and they have an unnatural habit
of bursting back to life long after
they have been stamped out. As the
warpfires crackle and hiss, smaller
flames spill to the ground and
imitate the forms of those nearby.
With glee and raucous laughter,
these eldritch simulacra mimic their
enemies’ death throes in a manner
that is both mocking and disturbing.
Soon, however,
the diminutive
images fade to nothingness.

SCREAMERS

Screamers are glimmering sky-
sharks that ride upon currents
of magic as a bird soars upon the
breeze. In the Realm of Chaos,
they hunt lost souls, but in the
Mortal Realms, Screamers gather in
undulating shoals and sweep across
battlefields, targeting any who have
displeased their master, Tzeentch.
Festooned with fangs, horns and
spurs, they slash foes as they swoop
past. When they find a suitable
target, the Screamers dive, seeking
to tear apart prey with their strange
sucking maws lined with razor-
sharp teeth. Even large monsters
must be particularly war y of shoals
of Screamers, for they are capable
of gouging out huge chunks of flesh
with their lamprey-like mouths.

EXALTED FLAMERS
AND BURNING
CHARIOTS

The conveyances known as
Burning Chariots hurtle
through the sky like strangely
hued comets. Fiery discs of
sorcerous metal shackled to a
pair of Screamers, each Burning
Chariot is typically commanded
by an Exalted Flamer. In times
of battle, these chariots trail
a wake of warpflame that can
immolate those over whom they
fly. Those who survive are still
not safe, for Burning Chariots
enable their riders to bring the
gift of change to their enemies
with joyous impunity.


PAGEBREAK
Horrors of Tzeentch

HORRORS OF TZEENTCH

Capering, cack ling daemons with a cruel sense of humour, the Horrors of Tzeentch embody the maddening
inconstancy of the Change God. Even death does not quiet these flame-spewing monsters, as their bodies
simply split apart to create smaller, but no less dangerous, fiends.

The Whirling Destroyers, the Bouncing Squealers, the
Spinning Sourguts, the Cack ling Flames – these are
the Horrors of Tzeentch. Horrors are manifestations
of pure Chaos, an unbound force that surges forwards,
sometimes taking on a discernible form, other times
blurring into a frantic mass of glowing colour as they
scramble across the battlefield. Luminescent skin and
high-pitched squeals of laughter are the hallmarks of
Pink Horrors. They twirl and cartwheel frantically,
flashes of energy darting from their waving fingertips.
In sufficient numbers, these Horrors generate enough
magical energy to summon forth the wyrdfires of
Tzeentch, which they hurl amidst much giggling to
engulf the foe in sheets of magenta flame.

When wounded to death, a Pink Horror exhales a
last lunatic cackle before performing a final dramatic
act of mayhem. Before the horrified eyes of its foes,
the swiftly dissipating ectoplasmic blob of the dying
Pink Horror divides, becoming a pair of Blue Horrors.
Where there was one, now there are two.

Blue Horrors differ in temperament to their forebears.
They are sullen and malicious, wearing perpetual
scowls as they sneer and grumble their way through
battle. Once spawned, the Blue Horrors fight alongside
their fellows, adding a deeper note of morose
baritone to the incessant chortling glee of their
pink brethren.


PAGEBREAK
As do their larger cousins, when the enemy gets
close, the Blue Horrors attempt to strangle their
foes with their great, grasping hands. These
daemons can likewise conjure flames, though their
conflagrations are blue in colour. These too are fires
of change and mutation rather than conventional
flames; they are as likely to freeze as to burn, to
turn back time as to turn flesh to inert cr ystal or
burnished chrome.

To witness such warpfire running wild amongst
the ranks is to see a hideous variety of deaths, a
horrific tableau of mutations that can steal the
sanity of those who behold it. There are times,
however, when the flames wi l l heal rather than
hurt, for Tzeentch is a fickle god and his plans are
often self-defeating. The Horrors themselves are
quite used to this; they wi l l reward such instances
with sarcastic applause or jeering derision before
jetting forth another sheet of warpflame to
finish the job.

Should a Blue Horror be cut down, it wi l l emit a
drawn-out,
fatalistic groan before vanishing in a cloud
of daemonic smoke. From those unnatural fumes
burst living flames – bright-yellow Brimstone Horrors.
Just as two Blue Horrors emerge from each slain Pink
Horror, a pair of Brimstone Horrors wi l l emerge
from each Blue Horror laid low by a ki l ling strike –
and these creatures immediately set about getting
revenge on the one responsible for the death of their
former incarnation.

These diminutive daemons have a spiteful and
vindictive disposition, for, effectively,
they have
already been killed twice over. They eagerly claw
and nip at the enemy with their tiny talons and
fangs, hurling sulphurous fire at those who attempt
to extricate their ally from the death he so richly
deserves. At close quarters, they climb up the legs of
their enemies, cack ling in mean-spirited glee while
making every attempt to set their adversaries alight
before they themselves finally gutter and burn out.


PAGEBREAK
Mortal Masters of the Arcane

MORTAL MASTERS OF THE ARCANE

The leaders of the Arcanite Cults are more than mere dabblers in the eldritch arts; they are amongst the most
gifted spellcasters in all the Mortal Realms. These are souls both blessed and cursed; their burning need to know
the secrets of reality and to profit from their talents has given them power – but at the cost of much of their sanity.

MAGISTERS

The nefarious spiders at the centre
of an Arcanite Cult’s web, Magisters
are among the most powerful of
Tzeentch’s mortal servants. Each
is a warlock of rare and terrible
potency. With an arcane gesture, a
Magister summons roaring flames
of every colour or sends out rays of
pure change-magic that mutate their
enemies into whimpering lumps of
flesh. To annoy a Magister is to court
a strange and excruciating demise.

A reservoir of the raw essence of
Chaos crackles within each Magister.
The Architect of Fate is eager to
bless his servants with all manner of
mutations: third eyes, avian features,
extra limbs and stranger gifts
besides are all common ‘rewards’.
Alongside these physical aberrations,
Magisters wield a warpsteel sword
and Tzeentchian runestaff. Through
these they direct the unbound
potential of change itself; those who
drink from this font of power too

eagerly find themselves reduced
to hideous Spawn. Still, Tzeentch
demands unlimited ambition
from his Magisters, and the lure of
daemonhood is a prize they wi l l go
to any length to claim.

Though Tzeentch favours
labyrinthine cunning over martial
strength, on many occasions a
Magister wi l l judge it necessary to
contribute their own magical might
to battle. The largest Arcanite Cults
may contain multiple Magisters;
often each of these sorcerers wi l l
possess their own grandiose title,
such as Grand Vizier of Change or
Exalted Potentate of Transformation,
and all constantly endeavour to
undermine or manipulate their
rivals. Only through such guile can
they advance to the upper echelons
of the cabal’s hierarchy. Tzeentch,
of course,
looks upon this treachery
with approval, so long as it does not
interfere with his mercurial schemes.

MAGISTERS ON
DISCS OF TZEENTCH

Magisters who establish their power
base in the most Chaos-tainted
regions of the realms – or those
who simply revel in the unsubtle
destruction of their foes – bind
Screamers into their service as
Discs of Tzeentch. This is no easy
task, and overconfident Magisters
often find themselves shredded by
the primal daemon they sought to
control, whether through an error
in their own ritual preparations
or through the machinations of a
resourceful underling.

Those who succeed are rewarded
with a swift mode of transport and
deadly edge in battle alike. From
atop the creature’s
circular body, the
Magister can unleash ruinous spells
of destruction, while enemies that
stray too close are cut to ribbons
by the Disc’s razor-sharp teeth and
horns as it spins mindlessly at its
master’s command.


PAGEBREAK
FATEMASTERS

A Fatemaster is a Chaos Lord
dedicated to Tzeentch, as much a
ferocious armoured bladesman as
a gifted manipulator of destiny.
Some Fatemasters command entire
Arcanite Cults, others lead covens,
while some perform more specialised
roles, such as enforcer, Keeper of the
Realmgate or doomsayer.

CURSELINGS

Instantly recognisable by the
cack ling homunculus that sprouts
from their torsos, Curselings are
favoured lieutenants in many
Arcanite Cults. Guided by the
misshapen beings melded to them,
Curselings use their many dark
blessings to further a ceaseless quest
for arcane knowledge.

To attain the rank of Fatemaster, a
warrior must not only prove their
devotion to Tzeentch,
they must
also show the cunning and quick
thinking favoured by the Changer
of the Ways. After all, the Arcanite
Cults are Tzeentch’s
chosen; these
are not foul-smelling and barbaric
Slaves to Darkness armies but
erudite and clandestine warriors
fighting a guerrilla war, often
ensconced deep within enemy-
held territory. Indeed, an aspiring
Fatemaster must undertake trials
that would certainly ki l l
lesser men.

More than mere bravery and martial
skill are required to pass the dreaded
Nine Trials of Fate. It takes either
an incredible amount of luck or
intuition that surpasses anticipation.
To duck the sweeping blade that
moves faster than human reaction,
to espy the treacherous ally before
their betrayal – these are necessary
not just to succeed in the trials but
also to survive them. Those few who
complete the tasks are anointed
Fatemasters and sent to lead the
secret enclaves of the Arcanite Cults.
Before they do so, however,
they are
gifted mighty boons: a fireglaive, a
soulbound shield, Chaos armour and
a Disc of Tzeentch.

In battle, a Fatemaster streaks into
the fray,
leaving behind a wake
of dismembered corpses – the
gruesome aftermath of precision
glaive-strikes and swooping dives
from the bladed Disc they ride.
Hostile spells drizzle like water
from a Fatemaster’s gleaming shield.
Perhaps their most powerful gift is
the fate-shifting aura – the ability
to twist the very laws of causality in
Tzeentch’s
favour, causing enemy
arrows to hit armour rather than
flesh, empowering an ally’s spells
or guiding friendly blades to strike
home instead of glancing astray.

Few of Tzeentch’s
gifts can be
understood, for the Dark God’s true
wi l l is beyond the ken of mortalkind.
So it is with Curselings, those beings
sometimes known as the Eyes of
Tzeentch. Once, they were rising
sorcerers, acolytes of the dark arts
who sought to further their arcane
studies, but the cost of their curiosity
soon became clear. The secrets they
had garnered coalesced inside their
bodies, forming eldritch tumours
of forbidden knowledge that grew
and grew. Each was possessed by a
malign sentience: a spirit creature
from the Realm of Chaos known as a
Tretchlet. Like a monstrous parasite,
this fiend grows from the body of
its host and gives constant hissing
advice to gather further knowledge.
The Tretchlet’s Curse is thought to
afflict those who learn one secret too
many – or perhaps just the wrong
one at the wrong time.

Regardless, Curselings are highly
coveted by Arcanite Cults. Acting
as lieutenants for their cabals,
Curselings sometimes fulfil the role
of inquisitor,
for their physical form
is mighty and Tretchlets can detect
lies. Sucking air through their teeth,
the grotesque beings can taste secrets
and their questions draw out hidden
knowledge – invaluable traits to cults
seeking arcane enlightenment. A
trial by Curseling is also an effective
way of determining whether new
acolytes are worthy of joining a cult.

Though they excel in the role of
lie-seeker, all Curselings hunger
for battle. They prove formidable
warriors on the battlefield, but they
are most valued for the Tretchlet’s
ability to glean an enemy wizard’s
spells and hurl them back at the
caster. Nothing gives a Tretchlet
more gratification – or makes it
cackle more maniacally – than when
it slays a wizard with their own spells.

KAIRIC ACOLYTES

Kairic Acolytes are the human
cultists of Tzeentch,
they who speak
the ki l ling words, the Chanters
of Change, the Altered. They are
cunning infiltrators who have
made dire sacrifices in exchange for
knowledge and power, and they walk
amongst the unsuspecting folk until
the time for them to strike is ripe.

These robed cultists chant not in a
tribal rhythm that stirs the blood
but in a dark tongue that chills it.
From disturbing to painful, the tone
fluctuates; the cadence halts, begins
and grates. From this dissonance,
each Acolyte summons a radiant
ball of scintillating light. For an
instant, the spheres hang in mid-
air,
then they streak off towards
their target in a roaring volley of
sorcerous bolts. Those who become
Kairic Acolytes come from all
walks of life, whether tribesmen led
astray by an arcane calling, seekers
of forbidden knowledge or city-
dwelling civil servants overeager
to gain power. All share a driving
ambition that sets them apart from
the common man. It is not by chance
that such individuals cross paths
with undercover Acolytes, for the
Arcanite Cults target and recruit
aspirants with great care, taking
years or even decades to ensnare
potential supplicants. Given time,
those who listen to their night-time
whisperings wi l l one day serve the
Architect of Fate.

In the end, only those who wholly
commit can attempt the Kairic
Test of Nine. Each cult has its own
variations on these rites, but all end
with the walk through warpfire.
Those that emerge unharmed
become Kairic Acolytes. Chanting
arcane phrases that hurt the ears of
the uninitiated, a scrawny scribe or
frail council elder transforms. Flesh
ripples and from nothing appear
a curseblade and shearbeak helm,
gleaming greaves and an Arcanite
shield. Thus can a cultist, with mere
words, transform themselves from
ailing scholar or lanky apprentice to
a muscular ideal of the human form
and back again. With such arcane
disguises, the Kairic Acolytes can
infiltrate and subvert the very forces
of those who hunt them.


PAGEBREAK
Lords of the Silver Towers

LORDS OF THE SILVER TOWERS

Ogroid Thaumaturges are hulking, fearsome mages with runes car ved into their muscle-bound frames.
Their masters are the legendary Gaunt Summoners of the Silver Towers. Unlike their minions, these daemon
spellcasters prefer to fight from afar, their spells able to twist landscapes and immolate armies with wyrdfire.

OGROID
THAUMATURGES

Shrouded in mystery and rumour,
little is actually known about Ogroid
Thaumaturges,
though there is
much speculation. There is no doubt,
however,
that the creatures are
steeped in magic – their very skin
writhes with arcane energies as inner
fires blaze eldritch sigils across their
hulking bodies.

These creatures like to think
of themselves as cerebral and
sophisticated, but when they are
wounded or confounded, they reveal
something of the terrifying beast
within. In their rage, the telltale
multicoloured flames of Tzeentch
erupt about them, often centred
around their totemic staves. For all
their protestations to the contrary,
for all their pretensions and use
of sophisticated language, Ogroid
Thaumaturges are essentially
bestial in nature, possessed of
enough strength to tear a man in
two with their bare hands or drive
their horns through even sigmarite
plate armour.

Although their might rivals that of a
troggoth, Ogroid Thaumaturges are
indeed sorcerous beings possessed
of cunning minds. It is said that
they know more of the secrets of
wyrdflame than any save the most
accomplished spellcasters. They
can summon coruscating blasts
of the mutating fire from which
Tzeentch’s own daemons spring
forth, a sure sign of the Change
God’s favour – for,
in truth, these
strange horned monsters are truer
reflections of Tzeentch’s
form
than any Kairic mage. Ogroid
Thaumaturges are especially revered
in the Pyrofane Cult, where their
flame powers are greatly venerated
by the Kairic Acolytes. Some Ogroid
Thaumaturges lead a coven to
battle, with Tzaangors in particular
flocking to the horned giants, while
others serve as bodyguards for the
enigmatic Gaunt Summoners.

GAUNT SUMMONERS

Of the ranks of Tzeentchian
sorcerers, there are few higher than
the dreaded Gaunt Summoners.
Each of their number is a daemon
monarch, a creature of fable and
myth that can single-handedly
shift the tide of a battle. Luckily for
Sigmar and his allies, however,
there
are but nine such beings in existence,
elevated to their lofty station by the
Architect of Fate himself. Upon
achieving that terrifying level
of accomplishment, each Gaunt
Summoner was gifted with even
greater arcane power, a changestaff,
a flying Disc of Tzeentch and the key
to one of the nine Silver Towers.

The Silver Towers are insanely
complex labyrinths, realities folded
into one another each replete with
puzzle-fortresses beyond the scope
of mortal minds. As a pastime,
the Gaunt Summoners delight in
snatching up those travellers foolish
enough to risk journeying through
Chaos-corrupted Realmgates. Such
captives awaken in the labyrinthine
corridors, impossible dimensions
and ever-shifting pathways of the
Silver Towers. The Gaunt Summoner
watches with amusement as its
puppets are slain in an infinite
number of ways by lethal creatures
and devious traps. Those few
who fight their way to freedom
are granted boons, but such an
occurrence is rare indeed.

When taking to the battlefield
alongside an Arcanite Cult, the
Gaunt Summoners are regarded with

a level of awe normally reserved for
Lords of Change. With but a word,
these master sorcerers can call forth
daemons from nearby Realmgates
and weak spots in reality or cripple
the enemy by turning their own
mental strength against them.

Once, the Gaunt Summoners were
given freedom by Tzeentch to pursue
their own fates. In this, the god was
wise, as each of the mage-lords was
obsessed with the accumulation
of magical knowledge and power.
Through these pursuits, they brought
Tzeentch great glory. Even the
Gaunt Summoners’ amusements
– testing the mettle of warriors in
their endless labyrinths – offered
the Changer of the Ways occasional
distraction. Yet Archaon, most
powerful champion of Chaos, wished
to possess the eldritch power of the
Gaunt Summoners for his own.

Tzeentch watched with great interest
as Archaon sacrificed the lives of
many of his followers seeking to
discover the true names of the Gaunt
Summoners, the only way in which
to bind them to his service. Tzeentch
was of two minds as to who to aid
in this power struggle. The Gaunt
Summoners belonged to him, yet, on
the other hand, the attempts of each
of the Dark Gods to persuade the
Everchosen to serve them exclusively,
rather than all of them equally, had
failed thus far. This both vexed and
impressed Tzeentch,
for it was not
often that another could dictate the
Great Conspirator’s chosen course
of action. In the end, Tzeentch
reasoned that allowing Archaon to
usurp dominion of the nine daemon-
sorcerers would better serve the
god’s own ends. So Archaon went
on to win the names of all the Gaunt
Summoners, never realising the
subtle aid from which he benefited
along the way. Ever since, the Gaunt
Summoners have chafed beneath the
rule of Archaon, and they plot to one
day rebel and claim his throne. After
all, change is inevitable…


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Tzaangors

TZAANGORS

Tzaangors are savage, avian beast-kin dedicated to Tzeentch. As such, they have been warped into shapes more
pleasing to the Architect of Fate. Foes that underestimate the bestial cunning and fierce strength of the Tzaangors
quick ly fall before their sharp blades, piercing beaks and gouging horns.

Strange trilling calls come from
seemingly deserted woodlands and
flying shapes flit through sudden
mists. Peering out from illusion-
concealed lairs, the Tzaangors watch
and wait. Although rarely seen, they
have been massing their numbers
throughout the ages, establishing
strongholds and launching covert
strikes to further the aims of their
patron god. Soon, the time wi l l be
ripe for conquest, and they wi l l rise
to unleash their fu l l fury.

Tzaangor origins are as multifarious
as the plans of Tzeentch themselves.
Some are gor-kin who have been
corrupted – or elevated, they might
say – by a Tzaangor Shaman; others
are humans who have undergone
horrific rituals. Others still are beast-
children, mutants born of human
parents and left to die, but instead
found and raised by Arcanite Cults.
Regardless of source, all recognise
that they have been blessed by
Tzeentch. Tzaangors are far more
intelligent than other beastmen and
look down upon their beast-kin,
seeing themselves as evolved and
their cousins as little more than
brute animals. The strangely mutated
minds of Tzaangors have become
particularly attuned to magic and
they are drawn to the arcane, seeking
to hoard it. Tzaangors are also
closely bound to the strands of fate,
their animal
instincts able to detect
omens the way beasts scent prey
upon the winds. Yet Tzeentch did
not transform his chosen beastmen
to seek magic alone – he also created
them to ki l l.

Many rituals prepare Tzaangors for
war, culminating in the weapon-
taking rite where the rent armour
and broken weapons of foes are
transformed into the resplendent
gear worthy of fighters of Tzeentch.
In battle, the Tzaangor warflocks
are led by a Twistbray champion;
they fight with savage skill, stabbing
and hacking with curved swords or
axes as well as rending with horn

and beak. As magical creatures, they
draw energy from the proximity of
Tzeentchian sorcery and others of
their kind. Favoured Tzaangors are
sometimes honoured with bearing
their god’s icon to war. These ornate
totems can absorb the magical
energies of nearby spellcasters and
are used by the Tzaangors to steal the
arcane force that they use to grow
their magical Herdstones, known
as flux-cairns. Recently tapped
eldritch powers can even be directed
as bolts towards nearby foes. Those
Tzaangors whose deeds have caught
the eye of their patron are rewarded
with divine blessings. They are
divided into two distinct groups, the
Enlightened and the Skyfires.

TZAANGOR
ENLIGHTENED

The proud yet twisted Enlightened
carr y spears wrought of change-
metal. They possess the strange
ability to perceive echoes of past
events around them, no matter how
well those truths might be hidden.
In combat, their foes are driven
to distraction and despair as their
darkest secrets are squawked out
by the chattering Enlightened. An
enemy with much to hide may find
his allies forsaking him at a critical
moment – or might simply find
himself unmanned by the knowledge
that his innermost secrets are
known to his foes. The Enlightened
take great pleasure in revealing
their victims’ secrets, whether
marching to war amongst their
lesser kin to inspire them to greater
acts of savagery or riding high on
scintillating Discs of Tzeentch. This
same visionary power allows them
to take advantage of their enemies’

past mistakes; picking out their weak
spots, reopening old wounds and
exploiting gaps in their guard can see
a hidden flaw turned into a critical
disadvantage. In such a manner do
these Tzaangors turn the slightest
self-defeating tendencies of their
enemies into fatal weaknesses.

TZAANGOR SKYFIRES

Skyfires soar through the burning
skies upon their Discs of Tzeentch,
letting fly their arrows of fate at
those who threaten Tzeentch’s
plans. It is their gift to see potential
futures, but it is their curse that
they can never speak of them.
In contrast to their garrulous
Enlightened brethren, Skyfires are
utterly silent, barring the twang
of their bowstrings as they loose
their twisting shafts. By scr ying the
possibilities laid before them on the
field of battle, they fire each arrow on
a seemingly aimless trajectory, only
for their target to lunge, be tripped
or find himself wrong-footed right
into the path of the Tzaangor’s
shot.
The magical arrow penetrates gaps in
armour or scaled skin as effectively
as the foil of any master swordsman,
and the fate the Skyfire has foreseen
is made clear.

TZAANGOR SHAMANS

The Shamans of the Tzaangor are the
most powerful of their kind, gifted
by the Great Conspirator with arcane
abilities, precognitive visions and
high intelligence. They begrudge all
who are not Tzaangors, using their
transmogrifying powers to mutate
their foes and redress the balance.

Those destined to become Tzaangor
Shamans are born amongst dark
omens, such as massed mutant
births, the rising of strange stars and
confluences of magical power. As a
mark of their greatness, Tzaangor
Shamans are gifted a Disc of
Tzeentch, which raises them literally
as well as symbolically above their


PAGEBREAK
bestial kin. Tzaangor Shamans
are revered by their warflocks, for
they see the Shaman as holding
the greatest of boons – the ability
to transmute other beings into
Tzaangors. With a defiant hoofstomp
and a crack of their staff, the Shaman
unleashes their mutagenic spell.
Those struck by the blue-tinged
bolt fall to the ground, writhing
uncontrollably and wracked with
agonising contortions. Their skulls
split as sharp beaks push forth,
worm-like tongues wriggling
within. Arms elongate and sprout
rough spines, eyes turn red and skin
shimmers blue. Before long, the
stricken target rises once more as a
glistening Tzaangor,
ready to join the
Shaman’s
ranks and embrace his new
master, Tzeentch, with body and soul.

Upon emerging from such
catatonic states, many Tzaangor
Shamans find new purpose. They
may migrate from their flock,
following a divine calling. Some
leave to join a different Arcanite
Cult, others to lead a coven upon
some sacred mission. Those who
remain continue to head the
warflocks, guiding them through
many fell rites while directing the
raising of flux-cairns. It was the
Shamans who first showed the
warflocks the wisdom of eating
the tongues of their foes to gain
their speech and insight. It is
they who lead the hunt for Chaos
creatures, subduing such monsters
as Cockatrices or Mutalith Vortex
Beasts to mark their hides with the
Dark Tongue, and it is they who
know the secrets of distilling the
blood of mages to boost the potency
of their own spells.

Transmogrification is not a Shaman’s
only power ; they also possess the
gift of prophecy. Other Tzaangors
believe that, when in a trance, the
Shamans spirit-walk into the Realm
of Chaos to take commands from the
Feathered Lords themselves.

In battle, Tzaangor Shamans are no
frail wizards. These bestial mystics
swoop directly into the fray, slashing
at the foe with ritual daggers and
rending their flesh with wicked
beaks and horns in the name of
almighty Tzeentch.

THE EYES OF THE NINE

Vortemis the All-Seeing, his
Tzaangor lieutenant K’charik
and the twin Kairic Acolytes
Narvia and Turosh have long
roamed the Mirrored City of
Shadespire. They serve at the
will of the Gaunt Summoners,
the nine masters of the
mysterious Silver Towers. Ever
since the city fell, Vortemis has
sought to open a portal between
hidden Shadespire and one of
those twisted,
labyrinthine
fortresses. All his efforts have
thus far been in vain. Yet
with the unravelling of magic
that has redefined the Mortal
Realms, a new opportunity has
arisen. The Eyes of the Nine
now seek to convert captured
shadeglass relics into beacons
of arcane power, sorcerous
lodestones that will anchor
Shadespire to the Silver Towers
and spill forth the madness of
the Realm of Chaos. Should
they succeed, Tzeentch will
surely claim dominion over the
Mirrored City entire.


PAGEBREAK
High amongst the floating islands of the Spiral Crux, a war for reality itself rages between the
Disciples of Tzeentch and the Kharadron Overlords native to Chamon.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE ELDRITCH HOSTS

THE ELDRITCH HOSTS

A riot of colour replete with arcane symbols and a dizzying variety of anatomies, the Disciples of Tzeentch are a
mesmerising sight as they bring the blessed change of Tzeentch to their foes. Here we present a showcase of Disciples
of Tzeentch models expertly painted by Games Workshop’s own ’Eavy Metal and Design Studio army painters.

Across the realms, there are countless mortal agents bringing the will of the Changer of the Ways to fruition, each thinking
themselves a key part of Tzeentch’s
plan. All too often they are the tools of a far greater mind – that of a Lord of Change.


PAGEBREAK
Kairos Fateweaver


PAGEBREAK
Magister

Vortemis

the All-Seeing

Tzaangor Shaman


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangor Mutant and Tzaangor Icon Bearer

Tzaangor of the
Twisted Fate

Tzaangor Twistbray with
paired savage blades

After inciting a riot among the ruins of Elixia – and,
in doing so, forcing the Celestial Vindicators
into a costly purge – the Arcanites reveal themselves as the architects of their foe’s misfor tune.


PAGEBREAK
Fateskimmer, Herald of Tzeentch on Burning Chariot

The borders of Tzeentch’s
daemon realm encroach on the lands of mor tals, where cunning and duplicitous Heralds of
Tzeentch infest the ground itself with the mutating energies of change. To fight back is to be forever cursed.


PAGEBREAK
Surging from an underground crevasse in the Hinterlands of Ghur, an Exalted Flamer leads a spearhead of its kin to
cleanse the dank caves of the Underguts Mawtribe with searing, mutagenic flame.

Burning Chariot of Tzeentch


PAGEBREAK
The Deathrattle legions bound to defend Prosperia finally meet their match when a Magister leads his Tzaangor flock
against them. Driven by Tzeentch’s will, the cold malice of the dead is nothing to the burning fires of change.

Blue Horrors

Brimstone Horrors

Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch

Iridescent Horror and Pink Horror Icon Bearer


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangor Skyfire

Aviarch

Tzaangor Skyfire

Tzaangor Enlightened on Discs of Tzeentch


PAGEBREAK
The Changeling

Curseling, Eye of Tzeentch

Gaunt Summoner

Kairic Acolytes of the Cult of the Transient Form

Kairic Acolyte with cursed blade
and Arcanite shield

Kairic Acolyte of the Pyrofane Cult

Kairic Acolyte of the
Guild of Summoners


PAGEBREAK
The sky-borne aether-gold of Griffon’s Eyrie brings profiteering Kharadron into the lair of Magister Ab-het and his
daemons, where magic hangs thick in the air. Few will return, and those who do will be changed inside and out.

The Blue Scribes

Magister on Disc of Tzeentch


PAGEBREAK
The swirling portal of the Banelands, corrupted by Tzeentch’s will, has long been concealed by the Changeling’s
Though the Stormcast Eternals move to close it down, daemons already gather thick around it.

illusions.

Pyrocaster

Flamers of Tzeentch

Exalted Flamer of Tzeentch

Screamer of Tzeentch


PAGEBREAK
Ogroid Thaumaturge

The orruks of the Ironsunz tribe return to their Ghurish encampment, only to find their sacred idol has been profaned by
an Ogroid Thaumaturge. A fight to the death is soon to follow, but the Tzeentchian mage has allies close at hand.


PAGEBREAK
MAGIC AND MUTATION

MAGIC AND MUTATION

The variety of units, spells and abilities available to a Disciples of Tzeentch player is impressive. With a little
forward scheming, you can form a warhost shaped to a particular play style – or just collect the units that catch
your eye and, like a true scion of change, adapt from there. We have put together an army by way of an example.

When deciding which units to
include in your Disciples of Tzeentch
host, you might base your collection
on the appearance of the models,
how they wi l l perform on the
tabletop, or a piece of lore found in a
battletome, novel or setting of your
own creation. Wherever you take
your inspiration from, there is no
single right way to collect an army
– only the way that you deem best.
The goal is always the same: to field
a force of Disciples ready to shape
reality to your whims. Here are a few
insights into how we assembled the
collection below.

The siren call of magical dominance
leads many players to specialise in
the casting of spectacular spells,
many and often, and that can be
tremendous fun. However, such
a singular approach has dangers
as well as opportunities. In the
first turn, your heroes may not be
in range to capitalise upon those
deadly skills, and if you find yourself
playing an army that is skilled at
unbinding, your carefully made
plans may come apart. Instead, we’ve
constructed an army that can fight,
shoot, cast magic and manoeuvre
at speed, allowing us to adapt and

change our plans as the dice fall
where they may (or get altered by our
Destiny Dice if we really need them
to play ball). This means a loss of raw
firepower in some situations, but it
wi l l enable us to have a good chance
of victory in any scenario, especially
one where objectives are placed in
the middle of the board.

Our first port of call was to choose
our sub-faction – in this case, the
Cult of the Transient Form. We
have a whole flock of Tzaangors
on standby for when our Kairic
Acolytes die (and they will), in case


PAGEBREAK
they are lucky enough to benefit
from the Change-gift ability.
After amassing a couple of decent
units of Acolytes, we put together
a massive unit of Horrors. This
wi l l be used to anchor our centre,
because when these models die, they
can increase their numbers. This
means they are great at claiming
objectives even in death and they
are very difficult to shift. With the
battleline units sorted, along with
a decent amount of shooting-phase
firepower, we wanted to include
some serious magical clout. Enter
Kairos Fateweaver, perhaps the
most impressive model in the range.
Backed up by a Changecaster and an
Ogroid Thaumaturge, he wi l l ensure
we have magical dominance and a
bit of punch in close combat if all
else fails. Two Burning Chariots and
a unit of Flamers of Tzeentch gives

us some great mid-range firepower,
with three Skyfires picking out juicy
targets with their Arrows of Fate.
A unit of Screamers wi l l operate
nearby, able to dart in to slow down
(and possibly slash to death) any fast-
moving threats to our spellcasters.
Our overall play style wi l l be mobile,
keeping at medium range and
harassing the enemy’s primary threat
before moving on to the next once
it’s out of the picture. Should the
enemy push through our firepower,
we wi l l throw in the Horrors and
Kairic Acolytes to occupy them
until we can redeploy. With both
units potentially getting even more
deadly the more they take damage,
our opponent wi l l have their hands
full, allowing us to shape the game
with spells and pinpoint attacks until
victory is secured in the name of
Almighty Tzeentch.

1. Kairos Fateweaver
2. Ogroid Thaumaturge
3. Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch
4. Burning Chariot of Tzeentch
5. Exalted Flamer of Tzeentch
6. Burning Chariot of Tzeentch
7. Flamers of Tzeentch
8. Horrors of Tzeentch
9. Screamers of Tzeentch
10. Tzaangor Skyfires
11. Kairic Acolytes
12. Kairic Acolytes

‘You think yourself

immune to the

change you fear? You think by stubbornly

reinforcing the old ways, by clinging to

the comfort of the past, you can slow

down the evolution of the cosmos?

Simpleton! Only by embracing the flux

that will consume us all can you hope to

survive it. Your former incarnation will

die, of course, but you shall

live anew...’

- Magister Lucidan Ararzh


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR DISCIPLES
OF TZEENTCH

PAINTING YOUR
DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH

A Disciples of Tzeentch army is an exciting painting challenge whether you are a veteran hobbyist or you have
never picked up a paintbrush in your life. On the following pages, you w i l l find stage-by-stage guides to help you
make the most of your Disciples of Tzeentch Citadel Miniatures, with tips and examples from the experts.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures, and a vibrant host of
Tzeentch can be a wonderful thing
to behold. There is real satisfaction
to be had in adding colour to your
collection, teasing out the finely
sculpted details, making your
miniatures your own and creating a
unified force. After all, one painted
model looks great, but an entire
army brought together through
shared colours, iconography and
ornate heraldry is even better.

Before painting your models, you’ ll
first need to assemble them. To
begin with, we suggest you follow
the advice given in the construction
booklet provided with your models.

BRIMSTONE HORRORS

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art,
lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstakingly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs
that allow them to quickly complete
legions of warriors. And, of course,
there is plenty of middle ground for
those who enjoy painting their troops
but want to devote special attention
to key figures such as a Lord of
Change. Again, there is no one way
to paint,
just the way that works best
for you. In the end, the goal is to field
a fully painted Disciples of Tzeentch
army on the tabletop.

On the following pages, you wi l l find
step-by-step guides, variant colour
schemes and top tips to inspire you
as you paint your Tzeentchian host.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

1

2

3

Over a Corax White undercoat,
apply a basecoat of Yriel Yellow.

Once that is dry, apply an all-over
shade of Fuegan Orange.

Carefully apply a chunky highlight
of Fire Dragon Bright.

4

5

6

Apply a second highlight of Evil
Sunz Scarlet, focused towards the
tips of the flames.

Next, apply a fine highlight of
Abaddon Black at the very edges of
the flames.

Finally, add some White Scar to the
eyes and inside of the mouth, then
paint the teeth Abaddon Black.


PAGEBREAK
PINK HORROR SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a 1:2 mix of Volupus
Pink and Contrast
Medium over a Corax
White undercoat.

Next, apply a layer of
Emperor’s Children onto
the raised areas,
leaving
the recesses as they are.

Apply a chunky highlight
of Fulgrim Pink, being
careful not to get bitten in
the process.

Finally, apply a few coats
of Carroburg Crimson to
the ends of the hands, feet
and tentacles.

BLUE HORROR SKIN

1

2

3

Apply a 1:4 mix of Talassar Blue
and Contrast Medium over a Corax
White undercoat.

Apply a 1:2 mix of Akhelian Green
and Contrast Medium to the hands,
feet and ends of the tentacles.

Add a fine highlight of Blue Horror
to the main body and Lothern Blue
to the darker parts.

HORROR DETAILS

Base: Naggaroth Night.

Highlight: Xereus

Purple with a dot of
Genestealer Purple.

Base: Wraithbone.
Contrast: Skeleton Horde.

Highlight:

Screaming Skull.

Base: Averland Sunset.
Shade: Fuegan Orange.
Highlight: Yriel Yellow.

Base: Runefang Steel.
Shade: Biel-Tan Green.

Highlight:

Stormhost Silver.

SCREAMERS

Base: Rhinox Hide.
Highlight: Gorthor Brown,
Baneblade Brown.

Base: Abaddon Black.

Highlight: Eshin Grey,

then Dawnstone.

Use the same process as the Horror
eyes above, adding a triangle of
Abaddon Black for the pupil.


PAGEBREAK
GAUNT SUMMONER SKIN

1

2

3

4

Over a Chaos Black
undercoat, apply a
basecoat of The Fang.

Carefully apply a layer
of Russ Grey, avoiding
the recesses.

Next, apply a
chunky highlight of
Fenrisian Grey.

Finally, add some fine
highlights of Pallid
Wych Flesh.

GAUNT SUMMONER CLOTH

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Kantor Blue.

Apply Alaitoc Blue to the
lower half of the cloth.

Apply Lothern Blue to the
very bottom of the cloth.

Finally, highlight with
Temple Guard Blue.

GAUNT SUMMONER GOLD

1

2

3

4

Over an undercoat of Chaos
Black, apply a basecoat of
Retributor Armour.

Apply an all-over shade of
Agrax Earthshade, then
leave it to dr y thoroughly.

Carefully apply a layer
of Auric Armour Gold,
avoiding the recesses.

Edge highlight the raised
areas with Runefang Steel.

GAUNT SUMMONER BOOK

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the pages
with two thin coats of
Rakar th Flesh.

Apply a layer of
Ushabti Bone, avoiding
the recesses.

Highlight the edges of
the pages with Pallid
Wych Flesh.

Add some lines of text
and chaotic patterns using
Rhinox Hide.


PAGEBREAK
TZAANGOR SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a 1:4 mix of
Ultramarine Blue and
Contrast Medium.

Apply a layer of Fenrisian
Grey,
leaving the recesses
as dark areas.

Next, apply a fine highlight
of Ulthuan Grey to define
the musculature.

Paint on feathers using
Screamer Pink, Ungor
Flesh and Squig Orange.

DISC OF TZEENTCH

1

2

3

First, undercoat the Disc
with Leadbelcher.

Apply a shade of Druchii Violet to
the interior areas.

Add a layer of Retributor Armour to
the raised ornamentation.

4

5

6

Apply a shade of Reikland
Fleshshade to the gold areas.

Highlight the gold areas with
Liberator Gold.

Finally, give the Disc an all-over
drybrush of Necron Compound.

TZAANGOR DETAILS

Base: Wraithbone.
Contrast: Skeleton Horde.

Highlight:

Screaming Skull.

Base: XV-88.
Shade: Agrax Earthshade.
Highlight: Karak Stone,
Screaming Skull.

Base: Squig Orange.

Shade:

Carroburg Crimson.
Highlight: Ungor Flesh.

Base: Runefang Steel.
Shade: Druchii Violet.

Highlight:

Stormhost Silver.


PAGEBREAK
LORD OF CHANGE SKIN

1

2

3

Give the model an undercoat of
Macragge Blue.

Basecoat the blue skin with
Kantor Blue.

Apply a shade of Drakenhof
Nightshade to the skin.

4

5

6

Apply a drybrush of Imrik Blue
to the skin.

Next, apply a light drybrush of Skink
Blue followed by Ulthuan Grey.

Finally, apply a 1:5 mix of Talassar
Blue and Contrast Medium to the skin.

LORD OF CHANGE WINGS

1

2

Apply a basecoat of Screamer Pink to the wing feathers.

Using an L Dry brush, dab Pink Horror on the lower
parts of the feathers. This is known as ‘stippling’.

3

4

Stipple Cadian Fleshtone below the Pink Horror,
care to make the gradation gradual.

taking

Next, stipple Kislev Flesh on the outermost parts of the
feathers, again ensuring a gradual transition of colour.


PAGEBREAK
5

6

Shade all over with a 1:1 mix of Druchii Violet and
Lahmian Medium.

Finally, apply a light drybrush of Eldar Flesh and prepare
thyself to receive Tzeentch’s blessing.

LORD OF CHANGE PALE SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Celestra Grey to the chest,
neck and legs.

Apply a 1:5 mix of
Talassar Blue and
Contrast Medium.

Apply a layer of
Ulthuan Grey, avoiding
the recesses.

Finally, apply a fine
highlight of White Scar to
define the muscles.

LORD OF CHANGE BEAK

1

2

3

4

Basecoat with
Averland Sunset.

Shade with
Reikland Fleshshade.

Highlight with
Ungor Flesh.

Apply a fine highlight of
Screaming Skull.

LORD OF CHANGE DETAILS

Base: Screamer Pink.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Pink Horror,
Emperor’s Children.

Base: Rakar th Flesh.
Shade: Agrax Earthshade.

Highlight:

Pallid Wych Flesh.

Base: Celestra Grey.
Contrast: 1:4 mix Talassar
Blue/Contrast Medium.
Highlight: Ulthuan Grey.

Base: Yriel Yellow.
Shade: Fuegan Orange.

Highlight:

Screaming Skull.


PAGEBREAK
ACOLYTE LIGHT SKIN

1

2

3

Apply Guilliman Flesh
over a Grey Seer basecoat.

Add a layer of Rakar th
Flesh to the raised areas.

Highlight with Pallid
Wych Flesh.

Top Tips: It is good

practice to apply a coat
of Munitorum Varnish
spray to protect your
models against the wear
and tear of battle!
You can use a pot of
Stormshield instead
if you want to target
specific areas.

ACOLYTE DARK SKIN

1

2

3

4

Base with
Catachan Fleshtone.

Layer with
Bloodreaver Flesh.

Highlight with
Knight-Questor Flesh.

Apply some fine highlights
of Cadian Fleshtone.

ACOLYTE CLOTH

1

2

3

Apply a 2:1 mix of Lahmian Medium
and Drakenhof Nightshade to the
deepest recesses.

ACOLYTE DETAILS

Apply a chunky highlight of Ulthuan
Grey to the raised areas of cloth.

Add a very fine highlight of White
Scar to the raised edges.

Base: Retributor Armour.

Base: Leadbelcher.

Shade:

Shade: Agrax

Earthshade Gloss.

Highlight:

Stormhost Silver.

Drakenhof Nightshade.

Highlight:

Stormhost Silver.

Base: Caliban Green.

Highlight: Warpstone

Glow, Moot Green.

Base: Kabalite Green.
Highlight: Sybarite Green,
Moot Green.


PAGEBREAK
TZEENTCHIAN ARMOUR

Base: Temple Guard Blue.

Recess Shade: 1:2 mix

of Akhelian Green and
Contrast Medium.
Highlight: Fenrisian Grey.

Base: Warpstone Glow.

Recess Shade: Ork Flesh.
Highlight: Moot Green.

Take care to highlight
alongside the shade.

Base: Incubi Darkness.

Highlight: Kabalite

Green, Sybarite Green.

Base: Grey Seer.

Recess Shade:

Apothecary White.

Highlight: White Scar.

TZEENTCHIAN BASING

Base with Leadbelcher and apply Gore-grunta Fur
in a random pattern. Once dry, apply one thick coat
of Mordant Earth. Drybrush with Dark Reaper and
Russ Grey.

Base with Temple Guard Blue and apply some random
patches of Talassar Blue. Once dry, apply one thick
coat of Mordant Earth. Drybrush with Dawnstone and
Administratum Grey.

For the river of metal in the cracks, base with
Leadbelcher,
layer with Stormhost Silver and apply
Talassar Blue to the river’s edges. Paint the Barbed
Bracken in the same way as the Tzaangor weapons.

Base with Astrogranite and shade with Nuln Oil.
Drybrush with Dawnstone and Administratum Grey.
Paint the rocks in the same way as the Acolyte weapons
and paint the gold sections in the same way as their masks.


PAGEBREAK
DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH

DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Tzeentch miniatures on the battlefields of the
Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The
rules are split into the following sections:

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Tzeentch army.
The rules for using allegiance abilities
can be found in the Warhammer Age

of Sigmar Core Book.

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Tzeentch army (pg 69-71).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general
of a Tzeentch army if it is a HERO
(pg 72-73).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Tzeentch army (pg 74-75).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Tzeentch army (pg 76-77).

CHANGE COVENS

Abilities for six of the mightiest
convocations and cults (pg 78-83).
These rules can be used by units
in a Tzeentch army that have been
given the appropriate keyword
(see the Change Covens battle
trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLAN

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Tzeentch army (pg 84-85).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Tzeentch collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 86-89).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Tzeentch miniatures.
There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Tzeentch units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 90-97).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Tzeentch
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 98-116).

ENDLESS SPELL
WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that
can be summoned by TZEENTCH
WIZARDS (pg 117-118).

The rules for playing games with
endless spells can be found in the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core
Book and in Warhammer Age of
Sigmar : Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 119-120).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Tzeentch army can include (pg 120).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

Battle Traits

BATTLE TRAITS

THE FLOW OF CHANGE

MASTERS OF DESTINY

To serve the Changer of the Ways is to instinctively
understand the ebb and flow of future events and be
able to manipulate their potential
to the fullest.

After armies have been set up but before the first battle
round begins, roll 9 dice and put them to one side.
These are your Destiny Dice. Destiny Dice can be used
during the battle to change the results of different
dice rolls.

The number of Destiny Dice you have at any time must
never exceed 9.

Designer ’s Note: It is recommended that you represent
your Destiny Dice using different-coloured and/or
different-sized D6s to prevent confusion and easily keep
track of their results in your games.

Instead of making one of the rolls from the list below
for a friendly TZEENTCH unit, you can spend one or
more of your Destiny Dice. The result of the roll you
would have made is replaced with the value on the
Destiny Dice you spent. For example,
instead of rolling
a dice to see how far a TZEENTCH unit would run in
the movement phase, you could spend a Destiny Dice
to determine the distance. If you spent a Destiny Dice
with a value of 5, the unit would run 5".

Destiny Dice can be spent in place of the following
dice rolls:

• Casting rolls
• Unbinding rolls
• Dispelling rolls
• Run rolls
• Charge rolls
• Hit rolls
• Wound rolls
• Save
rolls
• Any roll that determines the Damage characteristic
of a missile or melee weapon
• Battleshock tests

Note that each Destiny Dice spent only allows you to
replace a single dice roll. If you want to replace a 2D6
roll (such as a casting roll or charge roll), you must
spend 2 Destiny Dice. In addition, any rolls that have
been replaced count as unmodified rolls and cannot be
re-rolled or modified further.

LOCUS OF CHANGE

The miasma of instability that follows the minions of
the Great Conspirator can send even the most focused
warriors insane, the deceit of their own eyes rendering
any mar tial skill useless.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target friendly TZEENTCH DAEMON units
that are wholly within 12" of a friendly TZEENTCH

DAEMON HERO .

CHANGE COVENS

The legions at Tzeentch’s
disposal are limitless.
Daemons spill forth from the Crystal Labyrinth and
appear as if from the aether to do the bidding of their
master. Cults of Arcanites gather in secret and conspire
to bring mighty cities to their knees. Where there is life,
it is cer tain that Tzeentch will be at play, poring over
the fine details and patterns of civilisations, ready to
hatch a diabolical scheme and command his followers
to carry out his ever-changing plans.

When you choose an Tzeentch army, you can give
it a Change Coven keyword from the list below. All
TZEENTCH units in your army gain that keyword, and
you can use the extra abilities listed for that Change
Coven on the page indicated.

• ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION (pg 78)
• HOSTS DUPLICITOUS (pg 79)
• HOSTS ARCANUM (pg 80)
• CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM (pg 81)
• PYROFANE CULT (pg 82)
• GUILD OF SUMMONERS (pg 83)

If a model already has a Change Coven keyword on its
warscroll,
it cannot gain another one. This does not
preclude you from including the unit in your army.


PAGEBREAK
FROM THE CRYSTAL LABYRINTH

SUMMON DAEMONS OF TZEENTCH

The machinations of Tzeentch are unimaginably
complex. To challenge the fractal plans of the Architect
of Fate is to stand before the folding of reality and face
strange daemons born from chaotic sorcery itself.

You can summon units of TZEENTCH DAEMONS to the
battlefield if you collect enough Fate Points. Each time
a casting roll (made by friend or foe) is successful and
the spell is not unbound, you receive 1 Fate Point.

Once per turn, at the end of your movement phase, you
can spend Fate Points to summon 1 unit from the list
opposite to the battlefield and add it to your army.

Each unit you summon costs a number of Fate Points
as shown on the list, and you can only summon a unit
if you have enough Fate Points to do so.

Summoned units must be set up wholly within 12" of
a friendly TZEENTCH HERO and more than 9" from
any enemy units. Immediately after you have set up
the summoned unit, subtract its cost from the total
number of Fate Points you have.

DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH UNIT

FATE POINT
COST

1 Lord of Change

1 Fateskimmer, Herald of Tzeentch
on Burning Chariot

10 Pink Horrors of Tzeentch

1 Burning Chariot of Tzeentch

3 Flamers of Tzeentch

1 Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch

1 Exalted Flamer of Tzeentch

1 Fluxmaster, Herald of Tzeentch
on Disc

10 Blue Horrors of Tzeentch

10 Brimstone Horrors of Tzeentch

3 Screamers of Tzeentch

30

24

20

18

18

12

12

12

10

10

10


PAGEBREAK
GIFTS OF WORSHIP

AGENDAS OF ANARCHY

Should followers of Tzeentch adhere to the sacred
number 9, whether through rituals or great feats in
battle, the Master of Fate will bless his children with
bounties that propel them to greater power.

At the start of your hero phase, you can say that your
army intends to complete one of the following agendas
before the start of your next hero phase. You must tell
your opponent which agenda you intend to complete,
and you cannot complete the same agenda more than
once per battle.

If a friendly TZEENTCH unit completes one of the
following agendas during a battle, that unit gains that
agenda’s ability for the rest of the battle.

Friendly TZEENTCH units that complete more than one
agenda must choose which ability they wish to keep;
any other abilities gained through this battle trait
are lost.

Mass Conjuration:

Tzeentch acknowledges his cult’s devotion and grants
them increased mastery of their spell
lore.

Agenda: Pick 1 friendly TZEENTCH WIZARD. If that
WIZARD successfully casts 2 spells and/or endless
spells in that hero phase with an unmodified casting
roll of 9+ and neither spell or endless spell is unbound,
this agenda is completed.

Ability : Add 1 to casting rolls for the TZEENTCH
WIZARD that completed this agenda.

Ninefold Dismantlement:

Offerings to the Changer of Ways are always welcome,
but slaying his enemies in sacred numbers is
greatly rewarded.

Agenda: Pick 1 enemy unit on the battlefield that has 9
or more models. If that unit is destroyed before the end
of that turn, this agenda is completed.

Ability : Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by the friendly TZEENTCH unit that destroyed
that unit to complete this agenda.

Overthrow Leaders:

By claiming the heads of enemy champions and mighty
beasts, Tzeentch’s
followers can earn enough favour to
be blessed with the resilience to fight another day.

Agenda: Pick 1 enemy HERO or MONSTER on the
battlefield with a Wounds characteristic of 9 or more.
If that HERO or MONSTER is slain before the end of that
turn, this agenda is completed.

Ability : Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target the
friendly TZEENTCH unit that destroyed that HERO or
MONSTER to complete this agenda.

Reckless Abandon:

Cabals eager to show their devotion to their god are
given renewed vigour to unleash upon their enemies.

Agenda: At the start of your charge phase, pick 1
friendly TZEENTCH unit that is 9" or more from any
enemy units. If that unit ends a charge move in that
charge phase within ½" of an enemy model, this
agenda is completed.

Ability : Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by the TZEENTCH unit that completed
this agenda if that unit made a charge move in the
same turn.

Tides of Anarchy:

Expanding the domain of their master is of critical
value to the Disciples of Tzeentch, and any who uproot
his enemies are reinforced in order to hold his newly
claimed land.

Agenda: If a friendly TZEENTCH unit that has 9 or
more models gains control of an objective that was
controlled by your opponent at the start of your
hero phase, this agenda is completed (the friendly
TZEENTCH unit must have 9 or more models when it
gains control of the objective).

Ability : Each TZEENTCH model in the unit that
completed this agenda counts as 2 models instead of 1
when determining control of that objective.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

TZEENTCH ARCANITES

TZEENTCH ARCANITE HERO generals only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Arch-sorcerer: This disciple is driven by an
obsession to obtain as much of Tzeentch’s wisdom
as possible.

This general knows 2 extra spells from the Lore
of Fate (pg 76).

Nexus of Fate: This general manipulates what
mor tals consider ‘destiny’ as if it were a puppet.

At the start of your hero phase, if this general
is on the battlefield, you can roll a dice. If you
do so, you can replace one of your Destiny Dice
with that roll.

Magical Supremacy : This sorcerer drills their
execution of the arcane as a warrior would
their swordsmanship.

Add 12" to the range within which this general
can attempt to unbind spells and dispel
endless spells.

4

5

Boundless Mutation: The flow of change runs

through this disciple, curing any ailment or
injury through rapid shifts in their form.

At the start of your hero phase, if this general is
on the battlefield, you can roll a dice. If you do
so, on a 2+, you can heal D3 wounds allocated to
this general.

Cult Demagogue: This cabalist’s

resounding
prayers draw the gaze of his master’s minions
quicker than most.

If a casting roll for this general is a double, the
casting attempt is automatically successful
(regardless of the result). In addition, if the
spell is not unbound, you receive 2 Fate Points
instead of 1.

6

Arcane Sacrifice: Blood rituals are rare amongst
Tzeentch’s Arcanites – but not unheard of.

At the start of your hero phase, you can inflict
1 mortal wound on a friendly TZEENTCH unit
within 3" of this general. If you do so, until the
end of that phase, add 9" to the range of any
spell successfully cast by this general.

TZEENTCH MORTALS

TZEENTCH MORTAL HERO generals only.

D3

1

Command Trait

Nexus of Fate: This general

manipulates what mor tals
consider ‘destiny’ as if it were
a puppet.

At the start of your hero
phase, if this general is on
the battlefield, you can roll
a dice. If you do so, you can
replace one of your Destiny
Dice with that roll.

2

Soul Burn: The slightest
contact with this champion’s
blade can blight the very
fabric of the victim’s body.

If the unmodified hit roll
for an attack made with
a melee weapon by this
general is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on
the target in addition to any
normal damage.

3

Illusionist: This warrior uses
misdirection and cunning to
render his enemies clueless.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks that target
this general.


PAGEBREAK
TZEENTCH DAEMONS

TZEENTCH DAEMON HERO generals only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Arch-sorcerer: This disciple is driven by an
obsession to obtain as much of Tzeentch’s wisdom
as possible.

This general knows 2 extra spells from the Lore
of Change (pg 77).

Nexus of Fate: This general manipulates what
mor tals consider ‘destiny’ as if it were a puppet.

At the start of your hero phase, if this general
is on the battlefield, you can roll a dice. If you
do so, you can replace one of your Destiny Dice
with that roll.

Magical Supremacy : This sorcerer drills their
execution of the arcane as a warrior would
their swordsmanship.

Add 12" to the range within which this general
can attempt to unbind spells and dispel
endless spells.

4

5

5

Daemonspark: This crude object is fused with
the daemon’s
chest and acts as a beacon to which
its master’s minions flock.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can say
that this general wi l l use their Daemonspark. If
you do so, you immediately gain 3 Fate Points.

Incorporeal Form: This daemon can transform
into a translucent
state when malevolent sorcery
draws near.

Each time this general is affected by a spell
or endless spell, you can roll a dice. On a 5+,
ignore the effects of that spell or endless spell on
this general.

Aether-tether: This daemon phases in and out
of the physical plane, making it almost impossible
to attack.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
this general.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

FATED ARTEFACTS

TZEENTCH MORTAL HEROES only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Wicked Shard: Empowered by the bearer’s
sorcerous might, this blade is anathema to life.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. You
can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made with
that weapon.

2

3

D3

1

4

5

6

Timeslip Pendant: Time is a mutable concept to
the bearer of this amulet.

Once per battle, at the end of the combat
phase, you can say that the bearer wi l l enter a
timeslip. If you do so, the bearer can fight for a
second time.

Daemonheart: Through a dark ritual, the hear t
of a daemon dwells within the bearer’s
chest,
where its dread power can be unleashed to greatly
augment the strength of its host.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
before the players pick any units to fight, you
can say the bearer wi l l unleash the power of
their Daemonheart. If you do so, pick 1 enemy
unit within 1" of the bearer. That unit suffers 3
mortal wounds.

Paradoxical Shield: This shield flickers

simultaneously between the physical and
ethereal planes.

Add 2 to save rolls for attacks that target the
bearer. However, you must re-roll any successful
save rolls made for the bearer.

Changeblade: To fall to this blade is to be
transmuted into a writhing mass of flesh
and tentacles.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Each time
an enemy HERO is slain by attacks made with
that weapon, after all of the bearer’s attacks have
been resolved and before removing the slain

model, you can add 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN

to your army. Set up the TZEENTCH CHAOS
SPAWN within 1" of the slain HERO .

Nexus Staff: Those slain by this cursed stave
have their soul-stuff torn from their bodies to
fuel a terrible enchantment upon their former
brothers in arms.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
pick 1 endless spell within 9" of the bearer. If
you do so, that endless spell is dispelled.

TREASURES OF THE CULTS

TZEENTCH ARCANITE HEROES only.

2

Secret-eater: Should this

weapon slay one touched
by fate,
its bearer inherits a
measure of their destiny.

3

Spiteful Shield: This shield

exemplifies Tzeentch’s
predilection for cruel tw ists
of fate.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s
weapons. If the unmodified
hit roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, you
can roll a dice and add it to
your Destiny Dice.

If the unmodified save roll
for an attack made with a
melee weapon that targets
the bearer is 6, the attacking
unit suffers 2 mortal wounds
after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Artefact of Power

Ambition’s End: Many a

sorcerer’s quest to master
the magical ar ts has ended
upon this weapon’s blade,
for
it spills not only blood but
knowledge itself.

Once per battle, at the start
of your hero phase, you
can pick 1 enemy WIZARD
within 1" of the bearer. That
WIZARD suffers D3 mortal
wounds. In addition, that
WIZARD cannot attempt to
unbind any spells until your
next hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
DAEMONIC WEAPONS

TZEENTCH DAEMON HEROES only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Warpfire Blade: The flames that flicker around
this daemon’s blade can ignite the soul of its victim.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with that
weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 2 mortal wounds
on the target in addition to any normal damage.

2

Sentient Weapons: This daemon’s armaments
seem to be guided by their own unerring w ill.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by the bearer is 6, and the
target bears an artefact of power, the target no
longer bears that artefact of power (if a weapon
was picked when the artefact of power was
selected, that weapon reverts to normal).

3

Blade of Fate: This daemon’s blade will serve
its master well – if they can tame the vagaries
of fate.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Once per
battle,
if the unmodified hit roll for an attack
made with that weapon is 6, you can replace one
of your Destiny Dice with that roll.

4

5

6

Souleater: This evil blade grows stronger as it
gluts itself upon souls of sufficient wor th.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If any
enemy HEROES are slain by attacks made with
that weapon, after all of the bearer’s attacks have
been resolved, add 1 to that weapon’s Attacks
characteristic for the rest of the battle.

Phantasmal Weapons: This daemon’s

strikes can pass through armour to cleave the
flesh beneath.

Improve the Rend characteristic of the bearer’s
melee weapons by 1.

Pyrofyre Stave: This ornate staff is wreathed
in flickering warpflame, and any touched by the
aetheric fire channelled through it are purged of
any arcane energy they hold.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If any
wounds inflicted by that weapon are allocated to
an enemy WIZARD and that model is not slain,
that WIZARD cannot unbind spells for the rest
of the battle.

DAEMONIC POWERS

TZEENTCH DAEMON HEROES only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Aura of Mutability : Even

the slightest
injury serves as
an opportunity for bountiful
change when in close
proximity to this daemon.

2

Add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made by friendly

TZEENTCH DAEMON units

that are wholly within 9" of
the bearer.

Wellspring of Arcane

Might: This daemon is
a living font of sorcerous
energy, upon which his
minions can draw to fuel
their own spells.

You can re-roll casting
and unbinding rolls for
the bearer.

3

Aspect of Tzeentch: To

know even a fraction of the
Architect of Fate’s power
is to know the boundless
possibilities of destiny and
how best to manipulate it.

If the bearer is on the
battlefield, roll a dice each
time you spend a Destiny
Dice. On a 5+, you can roll
a dice and add it to your
Destiny Dice.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each TZEENTCH WIZARD HERO in a
Tzeentch army.

TZEENTCH ARCANITE WIZARDS and TZEENTCH MORTAL WIZARDS only.

LORE OF FATE

D6

1

Spell

Bolt of Tzeentch: This spell manifests as a
prismatic beam of raw magic that tears its
victims apart in a display of multispectral colour.

4

Shield of Fate: There is little better protection
than to be guided by destiny itself, defended by
the very hand of fate.

Bolt of Tzeentch has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D6 mortal wounds. This spell cannot be
cast more than once per turn, even though it
appears in both the Lore of Fate and the Lore
of Change.

2

Arcane Suggestion: Overwhelming reason with
magical
force of will, the sorcerer’s victims are
reduced to little more than puppets on a string.

Arcane Suggestion has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them and pick one
of the following effects:

It’s Hopeless: That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Drop Your Weapons: Subtract 1 from hit and
wound rolls for attacks made by that unit until
your next hero phase.

Kneel: Subtract 1 from save rolls for attacks that
target that unit until your next hero phase.

3

Glimpse the Future: By focusing on the skeins
of potential
fates, the sorcerer can glean hints as
to future events in time to manipulate them to
their advantage.

Glimpse the Future has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you can roll a dice and add it
to your Destiny Dice.

Shield of Fate has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly TZEENTCH
unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible
to them. Until the start of your next hero phase,
that unit gains one of the following effects based
on the number of your remaining Destiny Dice:

1-3

4-6

7-9

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks
that target that unit.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that
target that unit.

You can roll a dice each time that unit
is affected by a spell or endless spell. On
a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or
endless spell on that unit. In addition, you
can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
that unit.

Infusion Arcanum: The sorcerer’s body

becomes saturated with death-dealing energies,
transforming even the frailest warlock into a
truly formidable adversary.

Infusion Arcanum has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, add 1 to hit and wound rolls
for attacks made by the caster until your next
hero phase.

Treacherous Bond: By creating a psycho-
conductive link, the sorcerer can siphon the worst
of any harm that befalls them to allies nearby.

Treacherous Bond has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly TZEENTCH
MORTAL unit wholly within 9" of the caster and
visible to them. Until your next hero phase, roll
a dice before you allocate any wounds or mortal
wounds to the caster. On a 3+, you must allocate
those wounds or mortal wounds to that friendly
unit instead.

5

6


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF CHANGE

TZEENTCH DAEMON WIZARDS only.

D6

1

Spell

Bolt of Tzeentch: This spell manifests as a
prismatic beam of raw magic that tears its
victims apart in a display of multispectral colour.

Bolt of Tzeentch has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D6 mortal wounds. This spell cannot be
cast more than once per turn, even though it
appears in both the Lore of Change and the Lore
of Fate.

2

Treason of Tzeentch: Tzeentch delights in

sowing treachery and deceit, and many of his
daemonic sorcerers can channel
this aspect of
their master’s power to set brother upon brother.

Treason of Tzeentch has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. Roll a number
of dice equal to the number of models in that
unit. For each 6, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If any models from that unit are slain
by this spell, subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit until your next hero phase.

3

Arcane Transformation: This daemon can call

upon its master to grant the blessing of mutation.

4

5

Unchecked Mutation: Those touched by this

mutagenic spell either evolve so fast that their
bodies are torn apart or suffer spontaneous
hyper-devolution into a mass of primordial ooze.

Unchecked Mutation has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. If any models from
that unit are slain by this spell, you can roll a
dice. On a 3+, that unit suffers an additional D3
mortal wounds and this spell ends.

Fold Reality : This spell holds the power to undo
and remake existence at will, though doing so is
never without its risks…

Fold Reality has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly TZEENTCH
DAEMON unit wholly within 18" of the caster and
visible to them, and roll a dice. On a 1, that unit
is destroyed. On a 2+, you can return a number
of slain models equal to that roll to that unit. Set
up the models one at a time within 1" of a model
from that unit that has not been returned in that
phase. The models can only be set up within 3" of
an enemy unit if the friendly unit was within 3" of
that enemy unit before any models were returned.

Arcane Transformation has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly TZEENTCH
HERO wholly within 18" of the caster and
visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
you can either add 1 to that HERO ’s Move
and Bravery characteristics or add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of one of that HERO ’S
melee weapons.

6

Tzeentch’s

Firestorm: An apocalyptic inferno
of raging warpflame surges from the daemon’s
hands to engulf its victims in a fiery maelstrom.

Tzeentch’s Firestorm has a casting value of 9. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them, and roll 9 dice.
For each 6, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
The Eternal Conflagration

THE ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION

Those who see the flaming triskele of the Eternal Conflagration on the field of war have but one fate ahead of
them – to be swathed in mutating warpflame. The disciples of this host revel in the awful changes such magical fire
brings, cack ling with glee as their enemies are mutated and twisted into horrific new forms even as they burn alive.

All wi l l burn when the hosts of the Eternal Conflagration
arrive on the battlefield. Here is no subterfuge or
subtlety,
for it is this convocation that Tzeentch sends
forth when he deems it time to scour the foe and
blast them with unnatural flames. The Flamers of the
Eternal Conflagration burn brightest of all,
lighting the
horizon like a psychedelic sun. The Lord of Change that
commands this convocation holds the title of Radiant
Lord, and it is tasked with bringing fiery annihilation to
those who would thwart the plans of Tzeentch. To touch
this daemon or its favoured agents is to burn, for it does
not take kindly to physical assault. At least such brave
souls have a quick death. Sooner or later, all must be
consumed by the flames of change.

Nothing pleases the Eternal Conflagration more than the
spectacle of mutating fire playing across their victims –
not so much burning as reshaping, flowing and ki l ling
with sheer unbound flux. Even supernatural adversaries
cannot withstand their forms going through a dozen
changes every second. Armour provides little defence;
a duardin-crafted breastplate that could turn aside a
ballista’s bolt is suddenly transmuted to a sloughing
mass of frogspawn, a puff of sentient steam or a clawing
thicket of thorned fingernails that rip and tear even as
the fire burns on. As flesh distends, twists and distorts
into hideous new shapes, the few yet to be touched by the
flames flee in panic and disarray.

ABILITIES

Twisters of Materiality : The volatile nature of Eternal
Conflagration warpflame cares not for reinforced
bulwarks or master craftsmanship.

Improve the Rend characteristic of friendly ETERNAL
CONFLAGRATION units’ Warpflame, Billowing
Warpflame and Magical Flames missile weapons by 1.

COMMAND ABILITY

Infernos of Mutation: The dazzling flares of

wyrdflame conjured by these daemons leave foes
horrified by the grotesque changes they bring.

You can use this command ability in the shooting
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly ETERNAL
CONFLAGRATION DAEMON unit wholly within 12" of

a friendly ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION DAEMON HERO .

If the unmodified hit roll for any attack made by that
unit’s Warpflame, Billowing Warpflame or Magical
Flames missile weapons is 6, subtract 2 from the
Bravery characteristic of the target unit until the end
of that battle round. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per turn.

COMMAND TRA IT

An ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Coruscating Flames: As the Eternal Conflagration
bound and cavort across the battlefield,
their fires burn
ever brighter, dazzling their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target friendly ETERNAL
CONFLAGRATION DAEMON units wholly within 12" of
this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first ETERNAL CONFLAGRATION HERO to receive

an artefact of power must be given the Shroud
of Warpflame.

Shroud of Warpflame: Cloaked in an unending veil
of unnatural fire, the bearer can set alight any who
manage to land a strike.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound inflicted by a melee weapon to the bearer. On a
3+, the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
The Hosts Duplicitous

THE HOSTS DUPLICITOUS

The eaters of truth, the bringers of madness, the lords of confusion: all these names and more describe the Hosts
Duplicitous. To fight them is to battle insanity – and, all too often, to discover that the battle has already been lost
before the first blow is struck. Those who duel the masters of this host w i l l find they strike only at thin air.

The daemons of the Hosts Duplicitous are masters
of illusion and deception. Tzeentch sends forth this
convocation’s hosts on any number of covert actions,
such as effecting secret regime changes or stealthily
infiltrating well-guarded places of power, but this is
only a prelude to the grand denouement to come. On
the day of battle, the Hosts Duplicitous appear as if
from nowhere. Columns of refugees or feeble-looking
scribes reveal themselves as cultists and warrior mages,
springing their ambush on their reeling enemies.
Daemons leap from fiery portals; bolts of magic sear all
around. Once the first blow is struck, these disciples are
well prepared to capitalise, for their deceit knows no
bounds. They use spell-generated mirages to bolster their
ranks, holding back the enemy’s counter-assaults and
allowing their true forces to strike while their foes waste
their efforts on mere hallucinations.

The Lord of Change that leads the Hosts Duplicitous holds
the sinister title of Phantom Lord; like all those who bear
its mark, it blurs through reality as it moves, existing in
two places at once yet being fully corporeal in neither. It
and its minions are expert spellcasters, for Tzeentch is
generous to those who lie, manipulate and deceive as a way
of life. It is said that those who fight the Hosts Duplicitous
must fight not only Tzeentch’s disciples but also their own
senses. Those without the wit to tell mirage from truth will
pay for their lack of insight with their lives.

ABILITIES

Ranks of Mischievous Mirages: Warriors

that face
the Hosts Duplicitous in battle find themselves tangled
in ranks of mere phantasms, rendering them exhausted
and confused with little chance of escape.

Enemy units within 3" of a HOSTS DUPLICITOUS unit
cannot retreat.

COMMAND ABILITY

Impossible to Anticipate: Some of the many illusions

set upon the foe by the Hosts Duplicitous contain
denser manifestations of Tzeentch’s
power, summoning
additional daemons should they be destroyed.

You can use this command ability once per battle,
immediately after a friendly HOSTS DUPLICITOUS
HORRORS OF TZEENTCH unit is destroyed. If you do
so, roll a dice. On a 5+, a new unit identical to the
one that was destroyed is added to your army. Set up
the new unit wholly within 12" of a friendly HOSTS
DUPLICITOUS HERO and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

COMMAND TRA IT

A HOSTS DUPLICITOUS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Will of the Phantom Lord: This general extends his

connection with Tzeentch to his loyal sorcerers.

You can re-roll casting and unbinding rolls for friendly

HOSTS DUPLICITOUS DAEMON WIZARDS while they are

wholly within 9" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first HOSTS DUPLICITOUS HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given the Brand of the
Split Daemon.

Brand of the Split Daemon: This twisting, two-headed

mark represents the bearer’s mastery of deception,
tricking enemies into attacking decoys of itself before
striking from unprotected angles.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
The Hosts Arcanum

THE HOSTS ARCANUM

The Hosts Arcanum are considered pre-eminent spellcasters in a realm of daemons formed of pure magic. Though
they prefer to pore over forbidden knowledge, they are frighteningly powerful when roused to battle, the sheer
potency of their spells attracting shoals of Screamers that dive down to lacerate and gnaw the foe.

The Hosts Arcanum are unusual amongst the daemons
of the Realm of Chaos, for they are usually content
to dwell in the endless libraries and scholariums of
the Cr ystal Labyrinth, amassing and analysing every
spell cast in every reality they can penetrate. They love
nothing more than poring over tomes, grimoires and
parchments, as well as stranger devices such as cr ystal
wafers, enigma boxes and repositories of information
that, although no bigger than a human thumb, each
contain more knowledge than the Great Library of E lixia.
When Tzeentch requires them to enter reality on a war
footing, they resent every moment spent away from their
precious knowledge-hoards, and they employ the fastest
daemons and most spectacular spells they can muster
in order to cut short the ordeal. The only silver lining is
that the mortal races are dabblers in the arcane, and in
their short-lived ingenuity,
these curious fools invent new
spells and rites that the Hosts Arcanum can capture even
as they are cast, taking that power for themselves and
recording it upon their return to the Cr ystal Labyrinth.

The concentration of spells and unnatural energies that
typifies a Hosts Arcanum force sees the skies fill with
Screamers, for the sky-sharks are drawn to magic in all
its forms. Though the convocation is beset by shoals of
these daemons and their distracting screeching, they are
a potent asset in battle, providing fodder for the enemy’s
guns and blades as the spellcasters weave their magic.

ABILITIES

Thieves of All Things Arcane: Driven by an

unquenchable thirst for knowledge, there is no sorcery
the Hosts Arcanum do not seek to take for their own.

Once per turn, in the first, third and fifth battle
rounds, when a friendly HOSTS ARCANUM WIZARD
attempts to unbind a spell, the spell is automatically
unbound (do not roll 2D6).

COMMAND ABILITY

Entourage of Sky-sharks: The numberless Screamers

of the Hosts Arcanum include some of the most
tenacious of Tzeentch’s
legions.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly HOSTS ARCANUM
SCREAMERS OF TZEENTCH unit wholly within 12" of a
friendly HOSTS ARCANUM HERO . Until your next hero
phase, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target that
unit. In addition, until your next hero phase, improve
the Rend characteristic of that unit’s Lamprey Bite by
1. A unit cannot benefit from the effects of this ability
more than once per turn.

COMMAND TRA IT

A HOSTS ARCANUM general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Spell Hunters: The flying beasts of this convocation set
off to find their quarry long before a battle commences.

After armies have been set up but before the first battle
round begins, D3 friendly HOSTS ARCANUM units that
can fly can move up to 6".

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first HOSTS ARCANUM HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Fanged Circlet.

The Fanged Circlet: Said to be made from the fangs
of the feared Screamers of Idano,
this circlet’s engraved
teeth glow as it calls its kin to the battlefield.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, you
can add 1 unit of 6 SCREAMERS OF TZEENTCH to your
army. Set up the unit wholly within 9" of the bearer
and more than 9" away from any enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
The Cult of the Transient Form

THE CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM

The Cult of the Transient Form is known for its hosts of avian beastmen, warriors whose natural arrogance is
justified by their ski l l at arms. Many of these were once men and women, for the acolytes of this cult want nothing
more than to transform into Tzaangors and be closer to their god – even in the midst of a raging battle…

None embrace the power of change as zealously as the
Cult of the Transient Form. To them, the splitting of
Tzeentch’s Horrors into lesser daemons demonstrates
that, with enough sacrifice, a new form can be taken in
which to serve the Great Mutator. Many of its human
members actively seek to be transformed into Tzaangors,
whom they regard as closer to Tzeentch in form and
spirit, and the prideful gor-kin are only too happy to
indulge them. Death is seen not as the end for these
fanatics but as the gateway to a glorious new beginning.
Enemies are horrified as the corpses of slain cultists
quiver and spasm, their flesh running like candle wax,
before rising once more as shrieking Tzaangors – or
something altogether more terrifying .

The leaders of the Cult have higher ambitions than
simply becoming beastmen. They are happy to further
such a transformation amongst their vassals, and will
even make pacts with supernatural entities to ensure it
happens, but for their own personal fate, nothing short
of full daemonhood will suffice. They fool themselves
into thinking they walk the Path to Glory as do any other
scions of Chaos, but in truth, it is the act of change itself
they crave, and they will never be happy wearing one
single form. So does the scholar take the form of the Kairic
Acolyte, then the Tzaangor,
then perhaps the Daemon
Prince or the Chaos Spawn. Any who stand in their way
will soon find just how dangerous such maniacs can be…

ABILITIES

The Change-gift: Acolytes from this cult fight to their
last breath to prove themselves worthy of transcendence
– and,
just occasionally, earn that exact reward.

CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM HERO . Until your next

hero phase, each time a KAIRIC ACOLYTE model from
that unit is slain, add 1 to the dice roll made for that
unit’s Change-gift ability.

Roll a dice each time a friendly CULT OF THE

TRANSIENT FORM KAIRIC ACOLYTE model is slain in

the combat phase. On a 2-5, before removing that model
from play, that model can fight. On a 6, before removing
that model from play, you can add 1 TZAANGOR model
to an existing TZAANGOR unit in your army. If you do
so, set up that TZAANGOR model within 1" of a friendly
TZAANGOR unit that is within 9" of the slain model. The
model can only be set up within 3" of an enemy unit
if the friendly TZAANGOR unit was within 3" of that
enemy unit before any models were added.

COMMAND ABILITY

Fate of Transmutation: Champions of this cult

manipulate the strands of destiny to propel their
brothers into their revered form.

You can use this command ability in your hero phase.

If you do so, pick 1 CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM

KAIRIC ACOLYTE unit wholly within 12" of a friendly

COMMAND TRA IT

A CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM general must have

this command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Defiant in their Pursuit: Nothing matters to this

general and his cabal other than their transcendence.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly CULT
OF THE TRANSIENT FORM units wholly within 12" of
this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM HERO

to receive an artefact of power must be given the
Chaotica Amulet.

Chaotica Amulet: Stolen from a rival sect, this amulet
can give the bearer a second chance at ascension.

Add 1 to the bearer’s Wounds characteristic.


PAGEBREAK
The Pyrofane Cult

THE PYROFANE CULT

The sole agenda of the Pyrofane Cult is the utter immolation of the Mortal Realms. They wish to engulf Aqshy in
warpfire, to melt Chamon, to burn away the mists of Shyish and to turn glorious Azyr to ash. The flames they send
propagate fast, feeding on strife as true fire feeds on kindling. Some even walk as an inferno themselves.

The Pyrofane Cult revels in destruction. Their arcane
pyrotechnics build upon themselves, gathering strength
like an out-of-control wildfire. Each burning flame that
they chant into existence sears with unnatural fur y ;
unlike the wild energies of the Eternal Conflagration,
these neither mutate nor bring sudden growth but
instead incinerate, propagate and burn anew. The bolts of
fire hurled by the Kairic Acolytes that form the massed
ranks of this cult are great blazing sheets of flame that
make it all but impossible to miss their targets entirely.
Few enemies dare to confront such an inferno for long, as
the air itself begins to smoulder and smoke. Even the act
of drawing breath becomes next to impossible; those who
inhale the fumes of the Pyrofane Cult’s works wi l l burn
from within.

Tzeentch blesses those who bring the corrupting flames
to his enemies, granting the Pyrofane Cult’s
sorcerers
the ability to cast flickering chainfires that leap from foe
to foe. When these leaders concentrate their efforts with
those of their minions, fire builds upon fire, turning
enemies to ash in a matter of moments. Those truly
favoured by Tzeentch wi l l be clad in living flame when
in their fu l l battle raiment: these sentient infernos burn
up arrows and melt crossbow bolts before they can harm
their master. Soon enough, the enemy wi l l feel the kiss
of that same fire. True glory comes only through fiery
ruination, and the Pyrofane Cult are its masters.

ABILITIES

Arrows of Tzeentch: To the Pyrofane Cult,
immolation is the path to glory. Each bolt cast
in Tzeentch’s name falls upon the foe with
burning devotion.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Sorcerous Bolts

by friendly PYROFANE CULT KAIRIC ACOLYTE units. In

addition, at the end of your shooting phase, roll a dice
for each enemy unit that suffered any wounds inflicted
by attacks made with Sorcerous Bolts by friendly
PYROFANE CULT units in that phase. On a 5+, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITY

Immolate: The champions of this cult exhor t their
brothers to unleash new volleys of searing bolts at
the foe.

You can use this command ability in your shooting
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly PYROFANE CULT
KAIRIC ACOLYTE unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
PYROFANE CULT HERO . You can re-roll wound rolls for
attacks made by that unit until the end of that phase.

COMMAND TRA IT

A PYROFANE CULT general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Shrouded in Unnatural Flame: Such is the

Pyrofane Cult’s adoration of fire that their champions
walk upon the battlefield in constantly conjured
cloaks of warpflame, dazzling enemies and inspiring
the faithful.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first PYROFANE CULT HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Chainfire Amulet.

Chainfire Amulet: The ever-burning blaze within this
treasure fuels the bearer’s conjurations of wyrdflame,
transforming volleys of fiery bolts into raging wildfires.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
missile weapon by the bearer is 6, that attack inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on the target and the attack
sequence ends (do not make a wound or save roll).


PAGEBREAK
The Guild of Summoners

THE GUILD OF SUMMONERS

Secretive and sly, the Guild of Summoners specialises in the conjuration of daemons – Lords of Change above all.
Their goal is to bring into being no fewer than nine of Tzeentch’s greater daemons at once and, in doing so, achieve
supremacy over reality. By the time they realise that they are the slaves and not the masters, it w i l l be too late.

Known simply as the Guild amongst the conjurers that
form its ranks, this Arcanite Cult gathers in secret rituals
to share the dark arts of daemonology. Its members
may begin their journey into madness through the
summonation of small familiar daemons, perhaps in
the forms of living books, long-legged fish or spiteful
Brimstone Horrors, yet they all seek the same goal – to
summon nine specific Lords of Change into reality. They
come from all walks of life; peasants and kings stand
shoulder to shoulder and refer to one another only by
their guild-names, their identities always concealed
by grotesque masks. In their fond imaginings, these
aspirants believe that, once summoned, the greater
daemons of Tzeentch wi l l be bound to do their bidding,
elevating them to new levels of wealth and status or even
lending them supernatural powers.

The truth is that they already serve the group of nine
Lords of Change known as the Exiled. These daemons
have fallen into disgrace with Tzeentch and wi l l only be
able to earn his favour if they are all summoned in the
same place at the same time by mortal agency. The great
plan of the Guild nears completion. On several occasions,
fuelled by the mayhem and sacrifice of open battle, they
have summoned three, five, even seven Lords of Change
to their service, but they have yet to bring all nine into
being at once. With each year, their plans and skills
become more refined. Surely it is only a matter of time…

ABILITIES

Scions of the Exi led: In a supposedly ancient prophecy
that led to the Guild’s
creation, the summoners must
bind nine Lords of Change in order to ascend to true
enlightenment.
In reality,
this will see their doom.

If your army has the GUILD OF SUMMONERS keyword,
your Fate Points can only be used to summon LORD
OF CHANGE units. Instead of a Fate Point cost of 30, a

GUILD OF SUMMONERS LORD OF CHANGE costs 9 Fate

Points to summon the first time, 18 Fate Points the
second time, and 30 Fate Points each time thereafter
for the rest of the battle.

that phase. A unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per turn.

COMMAND TRA IT

A GUILD OF SUMMONERS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Prophet of the Ostensible: This general blindly leads

his guild through unrelenting devotion to Tzeentch.

If this general is part of your army and on the
battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a dice.
On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

COMMAND ABILITY

Will of the Arcane Lords: The Guild believes their

cause is blessed by Tzeentch and do not question the
flow of arcane energy bestowed upon their champions.

You can use this command ability in your hero phase.
If you do so, pick a friendly GUILD OF SUMMONERS
WIZARD wholly within 9" of a friendly GUILD OF
SUMMONERS HERO or wholly within 18" of a friendly

GUILD OF SUMMONERS HERO that is a general. Add

1 to casting rolls for that WIZARD until the end of

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first GUILD OF SUMMONERS HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given a Brimstone Familiar.

Brimstone Familiar : A gift from one of the Exiled,
this diminutive daemon inspires the brotherhood when
uncer tainty takes hold.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly GUILD OF
SUMMONERS units while they are wholly within 12" of
the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: The Concealed Cultist

BATTLEPLAN

THE CONCEALED CULTIST

The rite of summonation is nearly
complete! Some amongst those
desperate to stop it believe that
should it reach its conclusion, nine
Lords of Change w i l l manifest
in reality and doom the lands to
eternal servitude. Others believe
it w i l l conjure Vitrix, the Glass
Cockatrice, a godbeast tainted
by Tzeentch that w i l l drink the
rivers and turn the earth barren.
Still more say that the rite w i l l set
loose a living tide of Brimstone
Horrors numbering in the millions
and wreath the nation in living
fire. Whatever the truth – and
the Disciples of Tzeentch are
not swift to share it – it is sure to
be disastrous.

The rite is being led by a Cult
Leader, a warrior mage of
impressive cunning who has
concealed themselves with mirage
and illusion – the better to guide
the ritual to completion. Should
their whereabouts be uncovered
and should they be wounded unto
death, or at least to the point that
they can continue the rite no more,
there is a hope that the great spell
can be stopped. But should the
Witch Seeker be confounded, this
land w i l l soon belong only to the
Changer of the Ways…

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Tzeentch player. Their
opponent is the Witch Seeker.
The Tzeentch player must use a
Tzeentch army.

SET-UP

The players alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with
the Tzeentch player. Units must
be set up wholly within their own
territory, more than 12" from enemy
territory. The territories are shown
on the map.

The general of the Tzeentch army
must be the Cult Leader and must
be set up as a reserve unit. The Cult
Leader cannot be set up on the
battlefield until their hiding place
has been revealed (see Ritual Sites).

Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies.
If one player finishes first, their
opponent must set up the rest
of the units in their army, one
after another.

RITUAL SITES
The geomantic magic of the Mortal
Realms concentrates
in places of
power and can be exploited by a
gifted mage.

There are 4 points on the battlefield
marked as ritual sites. At the start
of the Witch Seeker’s hero phase, 1
friendly HERO within 3" of a ritual
site can search it to see if they can
find the concealed Cult Leader.

To do so, roll a dice. On a 6, that
ritual site is revealed to be the hiding
place of the Cult Leader and all
other ritual sites must be removed
from the battlefield. Otherwise, the
Cult Leader is not found and that
ritual site must be removed from
the battlefield.

If, at any point, 3 ritual sites
have been searched and the Cult
Leader has not been found, the last
remaining ritual site is revealed to be
the Cult Leader’s hiding place.

If, at the start of the fifth battle
round, the hiding place of the Cult
Leader has still not been revealed,
the players roll off (before any
endless spells are moved). Starting
with the player who won the roll-
off, the players alternate removing


PAGEBREAK
ritual sites from the battlefield, one
at a time, until one remains. The
remaining ritual site is revealed to be
the Cult Leader’s hiding place.

Once the hiding place of the Cult
Leader has been revealed, the model
must be set up within 9" of the
ritual site. 2 units of 10 HORRORS
OF TZEENTCH are then immediately
added to the Tzeentch player’s
army. These units must be set up
wholly within 18" of the Cult Leader
and more than 9" away from any
enemy units.

BATTLE LENGTH

The battle lasts for 5 battle rounds.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

If the Cult Leader has not been slain
when the battle ends, the Tzeentch

player wins a major victory.

If the Cult Leader is slain before the
end of the fifth battle round, the
Witch Seeker wins a major victory.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband w i l l gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband to
follow their champion into battle.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and you
wi l l be crowned as the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND

In a Path to Glory game, you do
not select your army in the normal
manner. Instead, you create a
warband that consists of a mighty
champion, battling to earn the favour
of the gods, and their followers. The
details and progress of each warband
need to be recorded on a warband
roster, which you can download for
free from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a Tzeentch warband, but other
Warhammer Age of Sigmar
publications include warband
tables to let you collect warbands
from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction's
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer,
instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your army after
a battle (see Rewards of Battle). In
either case, in order to generate
a follower unit from the table,
you must have enough rolls and/
or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory
Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.

Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they
can otherwise take any options
allowed by their warscroll. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use a Tzeentch warband
in a Path to Glory game, you can use
the battle traits from pages 69-71, but
you cannot use any other Tzeentch
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that


PAGEBREAK
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win
the campaign. If the next battle
you fight is tied or lost, you do not
receive any Glory Points – just keep
on fighting battles until you win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.

the warband has accumulated. As
a warband’s glory increases, it wi l l
also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE

After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of
how to use the followers
table to add a unit to your

warband. Once 5 new units
have joined your warband,
you wi l l have a chance to
win the campaign (see
Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on the champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the
result on your warband
roster. Your champion can
only receive 1 Champion’s
Reward – if they already
have a Champion’s Reward,
you must take a Follower’s
Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
their mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster.
A unit can only receive
1 Follower’s Reward.
If
all of your follower units
have a Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood


PAGEBREAK
Tzeentch Warband Tables

TZEENTCH WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
that fight at their side, and the rewards they receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Daemon Champion

Lord of Change

Fluxmaster, Herald of Tzeentch
on Disc

Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch

Fateskimmer, Herald of Tzeentch
on Burning Chariot

Gaunt Summoner of Tzeentch

Arcanite Champion

Fatemaster

Magister on Disc of Tzeentch

Tzaangor Shaman

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

Follower Rolls

D6

Arcanites

Daemons

3 rolls

4 rolls

5 rolls

5 rolls

5 rolls

Follower Rolls

5 rolls

5 rolls

5 rolls

1

2

3

4

5

6

10 Kairic Acolytes

10 Kairic Acolytes

10 Tzaangors

10 Tzaangors

3 Tzaangor
Enlightened

3 Tzaangor Skyfires

10 Brimstone Horrors

10 Blue Horrors

10 Pink Horrors

3 Flamers of Tzeentch

3 Screamers
of Tzeentch

Burning Chariot
of Tzeentch

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-2

3

4

5

6

Arcanites

Daemons

Tzaangor Shaman

Magister

Fatemaster

Curseling,
Eye of Tzeentch

Ogroid Thaumaturge

Changecaster, Herald
of Tzeentch

Changecaster, Herald
of Tzeentch

Fluxmaster, Herald of
Tzeentch on Disc

Fluxmaster, Herald of
Tzeentch on Disc

Fateskimmer, Herald
of Tzeentch on
Burning Chariot

ARCANITE HERO FOLLOWERS & RETINUE FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Nexus of Fate: These

followers manipulate what
mor tals consider ‘destiny’ as
if it were a puppet.

2

Soul Burn: The slightest
contact with these warriors’
blades can blight the very
fabric of the victim’s body.

3

At the start of your hero
phase, if this unit is on the
battlefield, you can roll a
dice. If you do so, you can
replace one of your Destiny
Dice with that roll.

If the unmodified hit roll
for an attack made with a
melee weapon by this unit
is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound on the
target in addition to any
normal damage.

Thieves of All Things

Arcane: Driven by a
unquenchable thirst for
knowledge,
there is no
sorcery these followers do not
seek to take for their own.

This unit can attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy
hero phase. In addition,
in the first, third and fifth
battle rounds, when this unit
attempts to unbind a spell,
the spell is automatically
unbound (do not roll 2D6).


PAGEBREAK
D3

1

D3

1

DAEMON HERO FOLLOWERS & RETINUE FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Nexus of Fate: These

followers manipulate what
mor tals consider ‘destiny’ as
if it were a puppet.

At the start of your hero
phase, if this unit is on the
battlefield, you can roll a
dice. If you do so, you can
replace one of your Destiny
Dice with that roll.

3

2

Storm of Daemonic Fire:

So great is the roiling tide of
warpfire surrounding these
followers that to merely stand
in their presence is to risk
being set alight.

At the end of the charge
phase, roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 9" of this
unit. On a 6, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

DAEMON CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

Incorporeal

Form: These

followers can transform
into a translucent
state
when malevolent sorcery
draws near.

Each time this unit is
affected by a spell or endless
spell, you can roll a dice. On
a 5+, ignore the effects of
that spell or endless spell on
this unit.

Reward

Phantasmal Weapons: This

champion’s
strikes can pass
through armour to cleave the
flesh beneath.

2

Warpfire Blade: The flames

that flicker around this
champion’s
blade can ignite
the soul of its victim.

Improve the Rend
characteristic of this
champion’s melee
weapons by 1.

Pick 1 of this champion’s
melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for
an attack made with that
weapon is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 mortal wounds on
the target in addition to any
normal damage.

3

Aura of Mutability : Even

the slightest
injury serves as
an opportunity for bountiful
change when in close
proximity to this champion.

Add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made by friendly

TZEENTCH DAEMON units

that are wholly within 9" of
this champion.

ARCANITE CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Spiteful Shield: This shield

exemplifies Tzeentch’s
predilection for cruel tw ists
of fate.

2

Secret-eater : Should this

weapon slay one touched
by fate,
its bearer inherits a
measure of their destiny.

If the unmodified save roll
for an attack that targets this
champion is 6, the attacking
unit suffers 2 mortal wounds
after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Pick 1 of this champion’s
weapons. If the unmodified
hit roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, you
can roll a dice and add it to
your Destiny Dice.

3

Timeslip Pendant: Time is a

mutable concept to the bearer
of this amulet.

Once per battle, at the end of
the combat phase, you can
say that this champion wi l l
enter a timeslip. If you do so,
this champion can fight for a
second time.


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Fate Legion

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FATE LEGION

As they burst forth from the Impossible Fortress, the manic cack ling of the Fate Legion fills their enemies with
dread. None but those embraced by change can know what they plan to unleash – only that it w i l l not end well.

ABILITIES

‘Three times three, the offerings be’: The sacred number of Tzeentch, writ

large within the fabric of the Fate Legion, draws one of the many thousands of
eyes of their patron – and with it, his favour.

If your army includes this battalion, you start the battle with 9 Fate Points.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Overseer’s Fate-twisters
warscroll battalion

• 8 warscroll battalions in any
combination chosen from the
following list:
- Warpflame Host
- Multitudinous Host
- Aether-eater Host
- Changehost


PAGEBREAK
This section includes Disciples of Tzeentch warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
January 2020; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or
no publication date.

D aellan the Teller spasmed in his sleep,
haunted by the dream once more. Hideous
forms writhed and burned in the catacombs
under the city. Avian heads on wattled necks cried
out in ev il glee, creatures of sentient fire lit the dank
caves, flame-spew ing monsters burned the moss-damp
walls dry in their haste to incinerate living things.
The gangling Horrors that formed the vast majority
of the daemon host crawled up the walls of the caves,
car twheeling ver tically upwards and bounding
amongst the stalactites. Seen together,
they were like a
spreading pool of multicoloured flame, drawn up the
walls in defiance of gravity as their feathered masters
took flight. The v ision was clearer than ever before.
Daellan awoke with a jolt, his blankets damp with
sweat. This time he was cer tain it was real.

His hear t flutter ing like a trapped bird, Daellan
rushed over to the thin tr iangular w indow of his
garret and threw open the shutters. To his profound
relief, the Watchberg Blackhelms were already on the
march, a phalanx of gleaming Stormcast Eternals at
their fore.
Then the young man noticed the armed column was
heading toward the nor th gate. The flapping bird
of panic w ithin his r ibcage returned,
frantic, as he
watched them leave. From his high vantage point, he
could see the gates being slammed shut and barred
w ith heavy oaken beams by men wear ing grotesque
golden masks.
Only then did he see the multicoloured smoke
curling from the cobblestones and the daemons
crawling from the ear th. Watchberg would burn .


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Warpflame Host

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WARPFLAME HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 unit of Exalted Flamers
of Tzeentch

• 3-8 units in any combination
chosen from the following list: -
Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch
- Flamers of Tzeentch
- Burning Chariots of Tzeentch

ABILITIES
Storm of Daemonic Fire: So great is the roiling tide of warpfire surrounding a
Warpflame Host that to merely stand in the daemons’ presence is to risk being
set alight. Those who burn swiftly can be reckoned as the lucky ones.

At the end of the charge phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit within 9" of
any friendly units from this battalion. On a 6, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

MULTITUDINOUS HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Changecaster, Herald
of Tzeentch

ABILITIES
Horrors Without Number : So concentrated is the change-magic that swirls
about a Multitudinous Host that ever more Horrors pop into existence around
them, their numbers swelling at an alarming rate.

• 8 units of Horrors of Tzeentch

Warscroll Battalion: Multitudinous Host

At the start of your hero phase, you can return D3 slain HORRORS OF
TZEENTCH models to each friendly HORRORS OF TZEENTCH unit from this
battalion (roll separately for each unit).

WARSCROLL BATTALION

AETHER-EATER HOST

ABILITIES
Feed on Magic: Though all daemons are formed of raw magic, those in an
Aether-eater Host can drain the sorcerous energies unleashed by their foes to
revitalise their physical
forms.

Warscroll Battalion: Aether-eater Host

If a friendly unit from this battalion successfully unbinds a spell in the enemy
hero phase, you can immediately heal D3 wounds allocated to that unit. In
addition, 1 friendly SCREAMERS OF TZEENTCH unit from this battalion can
attempt to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Fateskimmer, Herald of
Tzeentch on Burning Chariot

• 3-8 units in any combination
chosen from the following list:
- The Blue Scribes
- Fateskimmer, Herald of
Tzeentch on Burning Chariot
- Fluxmaster, Herald of
Tzeentch on Disc
- Screamers of Tzeentch


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Changehost

CHANGEHOST

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ORGANISATION

• 1 Lord of Change

• 8 units in any combination
chosen from the following list:

- HORROR HEROES

- Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch
- Horrors of Tzeentch
- Flamers of Tzeentch
- Screamers of Tzeentch
- Burning Chariots of Tzeentch

ABILITIES
Deceive and Dismay : Nothing is ever quite as it seems when fighting against
the forces of Tzeentch, and this is doubly true when facing a Changehost. In the
blink of an eye, the daemons will shimmer and disappear from sight, only to be
reappear where their Lord of Change master requires them.

At the start of your hero phase, if the LORD OF CHANGE from this battalion is
your general and is on the battlefield, you can pick 2 other friendly units from
this battalion and remove them from the battlefield. If you do so, set up those
units again anywhere on the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units.
The units you set up cannot move in the following movement phase.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

OVERSEER’S FATE-TWISTERS

ORGANISATION

• 1 Lord of Change

Warscroll Battalion: Overseer’s fate-

• 8 units in any combination
chosen from the following list:

ABILITIES
The Will of Tzeentch: The Lords of Change known as the Overseers, together
with their most accomplished lieutenants, bear the favour of the Great
Conspirator – the better to enact his will in all things. To them, the skeins of
fate are as the strings of a lyre to be plucked at a whim.

Twisters

- HORROR HEROES

- Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch
- Burning Chariots of Tzeentch

At the start of your hero phase, if 1 or more friendly units from this battalion
are on the battlefield, you can roll a dice and add it to your Destiny Dice. In
addition, at the start of your hero phase, if the LORD OF CHANGE from this
battalion is on the battlefield, you can re-roll one of your Destiny Dice.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

Warscroll Battalion: Omniscient Oracles

ORGANISATION

ABILITIES

OMNISCIENT ORACLES

• Kairos Fateweaver

• 3 Lords of Change

Knowledge of the Past, Present and Future: Kairos Fateweaver sees both

the past and the future, and in sealing a soul-binding pact with the Lords of
Change known as the Allscryers, Kairos has ensured the deeds of the moment
are made clear to him as well.

You can re-roll hit, wound and save rolls of 1 for friendly units from
this battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Arcanite Cult

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ARCANITE CULT

When the preparations have been made, the dark bargains struck and the time deemed right, an Arcanite Cult
w i l l finally reveal itself – and, in doing so, go to war.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Arcanite Cabal
warscroll battalion

• 8 warscroll battalions in any
combination chosen from the
following list:
- Alter-kin Coven
- Skyshoal Coven
- Tzaangor Coven
- Witchfyre Coven

ABILITIES
Destiny Preordained: When the Arcanites attack in their full might,
it is
done at a crux point of destiny – perhaps a sorcerous equinox or daemon
convergence – to better fulfil a purpose that the Change God has long foreseen.

If your army includes this battalion,
instead of rolling 9 dice for the Masters
of Destiny battle trait (pg 69), you can choose the values of 6 of the Destiny
Dice and then roll the remaining 3 dice as normal.


PAGEBREAK
L ar ian Coinbiter g r inned behind the rough,
itchy cloth of his bandana as the w inding
caravans of the Serpentine City finally came
to a halt, ready for the v ic tory celebration. They
had overcome the flame-spew ing daemons that
had harr ied them from the crevasses and fissures
on either side of the trade route. Lar ian had helped
defeat them himself; he was no mean shot w ith a
crossbow. But little did the nomad masters realise
that it was he who had summoned them in the
first place.
Skylighter rockets traded from Greywater Fastness
burst in patterns high overhead,
lighting the clouds
as the revellers donned their masks and emerged
from the caravans to dance in the red dust of the
Odrenn plain. Jugs of alchemical
liquor were passed

around, swar f-pipes were chugged and plates of
roasted hawk dished out. Then the joyous singing that
reached the night skies took on a different timbre, as
counter-rhythms and bleating calls in the Tzaangor
tongue came echoing from the canyon's giant boulders.
A piercing cry ripped the air, and the Cult of the
Writhing Serpent took their blades to caravan guards
drowsy from poison-spiked w ine. Larian called a bolt
of fire into being and hurled it at a canvas caravan
roof, his fellow cultists following suit. The Tzaangors
closed in at the signal. Dozens of caravans burned,
together forming a snake of fire several leagues in
leng th. Larian screamed to the skies in triumph.
High above, the flames of the skylighter rockets
tw isted into the v isage of a tentacle-horned god –
and smiled.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

ARCANITE CABAL

Warscroll Battalion: Arcanite Cabal

ABILITIES

Master of the Cult: The cult’s

leader wears Tzeentch’s
favour like a mantle. To
him, the future is a many-branched pathway to be walked at leisure.

ORGANISATION

• 3-9 models in any combination
chosen from the following list:
- Fatemaster

- MAGISTER

- Tzaangor Shaman

After armies have been set up but before the first battle round begins, pick 1
friendly model from this battalion. For the rest of the battle, each time you
spend a Destiny Dice to replace a dice roll for that model, roll a dice. On a 2+,
you can replace one of your remaining Destiny Dice with that roll.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ALTER-KIN COVEN

Warscroll Battalion: Alter-kin Coven

ABILITIES
Boon of Mutation: Enemies of an Alter-kin Coven are under the constant threat
of mutation,
the unluckiest of them ending up transmogrified into a Tzaangor.

ORGANISATION

• 1 unit of Kairic Acolytes

• 1 unit of Tzaangors

• 1 unit of Tzaangor Skyfires

At the end of the charge phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit within 3" of a
friendly unit from this battalion. On a 6, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
If any models are slain by this ability, before removing the first slain model,
you can add 1 TZAANGOR model to an existing TZAANGOR unit in your army.
If you do so, set up that TZAANGOR model within 1" of a friendly TZAANGOR
unit that is within 9" of the slain model. The model can only be set up within
3" of an enemy unit if the friendly TZAANGOR unit was within 3" of that
enemy unit before any models were added.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WITCHFYRE COVEN

Warscroll Battalion: Witchfyre

ABILITIES
Mastery of Wyrdflame: The Kairic Acolytes that form a Witchfyre Coven are
highly skilled at conjuring the flames of change. They are able to assail their
foes with a relentless bombardment of eldritch fire.

ORGANISATION

• 3 units of Kairic Acolytes

Coven

• 1 unit of Tzaangor Enlightened

Once per turn, in your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly KAIRIC ACOLYTE
unit from this battalion. That unit can shoot.


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Skyshoal Coven

SKYSHOAL COVEN

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ORGANISATION

• 2 units of Tzaangor Enlightened
on Discs of Tzeentch

• 2 units of Tzaangor Skyfires

ABILITIES
Diving from the Skies: The Tzaangor Enlightened and Skyfires of the
Skyshoal Covens have learnt to utilise the blade-like protrusions of their
daemonic mounts to lethal effect.

After a friendly unit from this battalion has made a normal move, you
can pick 1 enemy unit that has any models passed across by any models
from that friendly unit and roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Warscroll Battalion: Tzaangor Coven

WARSCROLL BATTALION

TZAANGOR COVEN

ORGANISATION

• 2 units of Tzaangors

• 2 units of Tzaangor Enlightened

• 2 units of Tzaangor Skyfires

ABILITIES
Pride of the Gor-kin: Widely considered to be the greatest of Tzeentch’s
mor tal followers, these avian beastmen fight with an unrivalled ferocity borne
from their limitless confidence.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly unit from this
battalion that is within 3" of an enemy unit. That unit can shoot or fight.


PAGEBREAK
Lord of Change

WARSCROLL

LORD OF CHANGE

The greatest of Tzeentch’s daemons, the Lords of Change shimmer with raw magic.
With a flick of their claw, they can hurl foes into the nightmarish Realm of Chaos,
blast enemies with wyrdfire or steal opponents’ spells for their own use.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Rod of Sorcery

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Tzeentch
Baleful Sword
Curved Beak and Wicked Talons

Range

18"

Attacks

2D6

To Hit

3+

Range

3"
1"
1"

Attacks

4
2
4

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

2+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-2
-1

Damage

1

Damage

2
3
2

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

12"
10"
9"
8"
7"

Staff of Tzeentch

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

Infernal Gateway

3+
4+
4+
4+
5+

DESCRIPTION

A Lord of Change is a single model armed with
one of the following weapon options: Staff of
Tzeentch and Baleful Sword; Staff of Tzeentch
and Rod of Sorcery ; or Staff of Tzeentch and
Curved Beak and Wicked Talons.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Mastery of Magic: To master the arcane is
to embody the grand design of the Changer of
the Ways.

When this model makes a casting, unbinding or
dispelling roll, you can change the lowest D6 to
match the highest D6.

Spell-eater : Tzeentch’s

daemons revel
in the
Arcanum Optimar,
summoning and dispelling
even the most predatory spells at w ill.

Once per turn, in your hero phase, you can pick
1 endless spell within 18" of this model. That
endless spell is dispelled.

Spell-thief: Should a rival sorcerer conjure
a spell that intrigues the Lord of Change, the
greater daemon will acquire the incantation for its
own use.

If this model successfully unbinds an enemy
spell with an unbinding roll of 9+, this model can
attempt
to cast that spell, if it is possible for it to
do so, for the rest of the battle.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Infernal
Gateway spells.

Infernal Gateway : The Lord of Change opens a
por tal to the Realm of Chaos, pulling enemies to
their doom.

Infernal Gateway has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster that is visible to them and roll
9 dice. That unit suffers 1 mortal wound for
each roll that is equal to or greater than the
Infernal Gateway value shown on the caster’s
damage table.

COMMAND ABILITY

Beacon of Sorcery : Spreading its arms w ide, the
Lord of Change saturates
the area with raw magic.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model with this command ability. Until your
next hero phase, you can add 1 to casting and
unbinding rolls for friendly TZEENTCH DAEMON
WIZARDS while they are wholly within 18" of
that model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, TZEENTCH, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, LORD OF CHANGE


PAGEBREAK
Kairos Fateweaver

WARSCROLL

KAIROS FATEWEAVER

Kairos Fateweaver can see the past and the future, and he uses this ability to twist
destiny to suit his own malevolent purposes. The twin-headed terror is a master of
magic known as the Oracle of Tzeentch – wherever he goes, change is sure to follow.

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Tomorrow
Beaks and Claws

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

3
5

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

2
2

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

12"
10"
9"
8"
7"

Staff of Tomorrow

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

Gift of Change

6
D6
3
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

Kairos Fateweaver is a named character that
is a single model. He is armed with the Staff of
Tomorrow and his Beaks and Claws.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Mastery of Magic: To master the arcane is
to embody the grand design of the Changer of
the Ways.

When this model makes a casting, unbinding or
dispelling roll, you can change the lowest D6 to
match the highest D6.

Spell-eater : Tzeentch’s

daemons revel
in the
Arcanum Optimar,
summoning and dispelling
even the most predatory spells at w ill.

Once per turn, in your hero phase, you can pick
1 endless spell within 18" of this model. That
endless spell is dispelled.

Oracle of Eternity : The oracle uses his insight to
guide reality into fulfilling his own prophecies. A
single tw ist in fate can mean utter devastation to
any who cross Kairos.

Once per battle,
in either player’s turn, if this
model is on the battlefield, you can replace a
single dice from one of the following dice rolls
with a result of your choice.

• Casting rolls
• Unbinding rolls
• Dispelling rolls
• Run rolls
• Charge rolls
• Hit rolls
• Wound rolls
• Save rolls
• Any roll that determines the Damage
characteristic of a missile or melee weapon
Battleshock tests

Note that this ability only allows you to replace
a single dice roll. For 2D6 rolls (such as casting
rolls or charge rolls), you can only replace 1 of
the dice. In addition, any rolls that have been
replaced count as unmodified rolls and cannot be
re-rolled or modified further.

MAGIC

Kairos Fateweaver is a WIZARD. He can attempt
to cast 3 spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 3 spells in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Gift of
Change spells.

In addition, while friendly WIZARDS are wholly
within 18" of him, Kairos Fateweaver knows any
spells on those WIZARDS ’ warscrolls that are
possible for him to cast.

Gift of Change: As Kairos traces a burning
sigil in the air, he gifts his foes the boon of
mutating flesh.

Gift of Change has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
a number of mortal wounds equal to the Gift of
Change value shown on the caster’s damage table.
If any models were slain by this spell, before
removing the first slain model, you can add a

TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN to your army and set

it up within 3" of the slain model’s unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, TZEENTCH, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, LORD OF CHANGE,
KAIROS FATEWEAVER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

GAUNT SUMMONER OF TZEENTCH

Gaunt Summoner of Tzeentch

There are but nine Gaunt Summoners, a powerful order of sorcerers dedicated to
Tzeentch. Gazing into infinity with a myriad glistening eyes, a Gaunt Summoner cal ls
forth daemons or summons sheets of infernal flames to engulf the foe.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Changestaff

MELEE WEAPONS

Warptongue Blade

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Gaunt Summoner of Tzeentch is a single
model armed with a Changestaff and
Warptongue Blade.

ABILITIES

Warptongue Blade: Those cut by a warptongue
blade soon find their bodies wracked with
sickening and uncontrollable mutations.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a Warptongue Blade is 6, that attack inflicts
D6 mortal wounds on the target and the attack
sequence ends (do not make a save roll).

Book of Profane Secrets: Whispering fell

incantations, a Gaunt Summoner can temporarily
divert the path of a Realmgate, allowing malefic
Chaos entities to manifest on the battlefield.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
you can say that this model wi l l use its Book of
Profane Secrets. If you do so, you can summon
1 unit from the list below to the battlefield and
add it to your army, but the number of spells that
this model can attempt
to cast in that phase is
reduced by 1. The summoned unit must be set up
wholly within 9" of this model and more than 9"
from any enemy units.

Choose 1 unit from the following list:

• 10 Pink Horrors
• 10 Bloodletters
• 10 Plaguebearers
• 10 Daemonettes
• 6 Furies

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Infernal
Flames spells.

Infernal Flames: The Gaunt Summoner conjures
a rolling wave of scorching wyrdfire that engulfs
enemy formations.

Infernal Flames has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of
the caster that is visible to them, and roll 1 dice
for each model in that unit. For each 5+, that unit
suffers 1 mortal wound. If that unit is an enemy
MONSTER or WAR MACHINE , roll 3 dice for each
model instead.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, EVERCHOSEN, HERO,
WIZARD, GAUNT SUMMONER


PAGEBREAK
Fateskimmer Herald of Tzeentch on

Burning Chariot

WARSCROLL

FATESKIMMER

HERALD OF TZEENTCH ON BURNING CHARIOT

Trailing flames and maniacal laughter, a Fateskimmer streaks across the skies. While
the Herald conjures firestorms to engulf the foe, the living chariot it rides seeks to sear
all those in its path, the Screamers at its fore biting their prey as they speed by.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Magical Flames

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Change
Ritual Dagger
Lamprey Bite

Range

18"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
2
6

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Fateskimmer, Herald of Tzeentch on Burning
Chariot, is a single model armed with Magical
Flames, Staff of Change and Ritual Dagger.

MOUNT: This model’s Screamers of Tzeentch
attack with their Lamprey Bites.

FLY: This model can fly.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Tzeentch’s
Firestorm spells.

Tzeentch’s Firestorm: Searing balls of scarlet
flame whip around the caster before spiralling
outwards to engulf nearby enemies.

Tzeentch’s Firestorm has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, roll a dice for each enemy unit
within 9" of the caster and visible to them. On a
3+, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

ABILITIES

Arcane Tome: This arcane tome holds scriptures
of ancient incantation that allows a brief mastery
of the Herald’s
chosen spell
lores.

Once per battle, when this model attempts to
cast or unbind a spell, you can roll 3D6, remove
1 dice of your choice, and then use the remaining
2D6 to determine the casting or unbinding roll.

Sky-sharks: Screamers that manage to sink
their teeth into a larger creature will not let go
easily, eventually tearing off huge chunks of
bloodied flesh.

If the target is an enemy MONSTER , change the
Damage characteristic of this model’s Lamprey
Bite to D3.

Wake of Fire: Enemies unfortunate enough to
be passed by a Burning Chariot are consumed by
waves of unnatural fire.

After this model has made a normal move,
you can pick 1 enemy unit that has any models
passed across by this model and roll a dice. On a
2+, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD, FATESKIMMER


PAGEBREAK
Fluxmaster Herald of Tzeentch on

FLUXMASTER

HERALD OF TZEENTCH ON DISC

Disc

WARSCROLL

There is nowhere on the battlefield safe from a Herald riding a Disc of Tzeentch.
Bolting through the air, the Fluxmaster conjures blue flames to hurl at the foe before
darting in to deliver a swift blow from a mutative Staff of Change.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Magical Flames

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Change
Ritual Dagger
Teeth and Horns

Range

18"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
2
D3

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Fluxmaster, Herald of Tzeentch on Disc, is a
single model armed with Magical Flames and
one of the following weapon options: Staff of
Change and Arcane Tome; or Ritual Dagger and
Arcane Tome.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

Arcane Tome: This arcane tome holds scriptures
of ancient incantation that allows a brief mastery
of the herald’s
chosen spell
lores.

Once per battle, when this model attempts to
cast or unbind a spell, you can roll 3D6, remove
1 dice of your choice, and then use the remaining
2D6 to determine the casting or unbinding roll.

FLY: This model can fly.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Blue Fire of
Tzeentch spells.

Blue Fire of Tzeentch: A tide of iridescent

mutating flame surges forth from the Fluxmaster
as it cackles from its swooping Disc.

Blue Fire of Tzeentch has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them, and roll 9 dice. For
each 6, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD, FLUXMASTER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

The Changeling

THE CHANGELING

A master of illusionar y disguise, the Changeling hides amongst its quarry, sowing
confusion amongst their ranks. Upon throwing aside its fleshly masquerade, the
Changeling uses sorcery and its Trickster’s Staff to openly blast its foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

The Trickster’s Staff

Range

2"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

The Changeling is a single model armed with the
Trickster’s Staff.

ABILITIES

Puckish Misdirection: The Changeling can

manipulate the most stalwart of warriors while
appearing as a trusted advisor or comrade.

In the enemy hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy
unit within 9" of this model. If you do so, until
your next hero phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks made by that unit and half the Move
characteristic of that unit (rounding up).

Arch-deceiver : None can detect the veil of the
Changeling. Assuming the form of comrade and
ally,
it reveals itself only when its plans have been
made a reality.

At the start of the first battle round, after armies
have been set up but before the first turn begins,
you can remove this model from the battlefield.
If you do so, at the end of your first movement
phase, you must set this model up again
anywhere within your opponent’s
territory more
than 3" from any enemy units.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells.

In addition, while this model is within 9" of an
enemy WIZARD, it knows any spells on that
WIZARD ’s warscroll that are possible for this
model to cast.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD, THE CHANGELING

Changecaster Herald of Tzeentch

WARSCROLL

CHANGECASTER

HERALD OF TZEENTCH

Wielding the pink changefire of its patron, a Herald of Tzeentch is a luminescent
servant of the Changer of the Ways. Any that attempt to thwart its anarchic cause w i l l
soon feel the wrath of living flames or the mutating blows of its Staff of Change.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Magical Flames

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Change
Ritual Dagger

Range

18"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch,
is a single
model armed with Magical Flames and one of the
following weapon options: Staff of Change and
Arcane Tome; or Ritual Dagger and Arcane Tome.

ABILITIES

Fortune and Fate: The sacred number nine
blesses any follower practising the arcane.

If this model successfully casts a spell with a
casting roll of 9+, this model can attempt
to cast
1 extra spell in that phase.

Arcane Tome: This arcane tome holds scriptures
of ancient incantation that allows a brief mastery
of the Herald’s
chosen spell
lores.

Once per battle, when this model attempts to cast
or unbind a spell, you can roll 3D6, remove 1 dice
of your choice, and then use the remaining 2D6
to determine the casting or unbinding roll.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the

Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Pink Fire of
Tzeentch spells.

Pink Fire of Tzeentch: The Changecaster

conjures a tide of writhing warpflame that engulfs
the foe.

Pink Fire of Tzeentch has a casting value of 9. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D6 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD, CHANGECASTER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

THE BLUE SCRIBES

The Blue Scribes

Tzeentch created two daemons, P’tarix and Xirat’p, for the sole purpose of learning
every spell in existence. The Blue Scribes, as they are known, ride their Disc of
Tzeentch through the realms seeking every fragment of arcana.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sharpened Qui l ls
Teeth and Horns

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

2
D3

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

5+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

The Blue Scribes is a single model armed with
Sharpened Qui l ls.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Frantic Scribbling: The Blue Scribes seek

any unknown incantations
against them.

that might be used

Each time a WIZARD wholly within 18" of
this model successfully casts a spell that is not
unbound and that is possible for this model to
cast, you can roll a dice. On a 4+, this model
knows that spell for the rest of the battle.

Scrolls of Sorcery : The unlimited arcane

knowledge held on these scrolls can conjure
sorceries of per fect structure.

Once in each of your hero phases, when this
model attempts to cast a spell, instead of making
a casting roll, you can say that it wi l l read from
its scrolls of sorcery. If you do so, roll a dice. On
a 2+, that spell is automatically cast and cannot
be unbound.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Boon of
Tzeentch spells.

Boon of Tzeentch: The Blue Scribes reach for th,
tapping into an unseen hoard of arcane power.

Boon of Tzeentch has a casting value of 4. If
successfully cast, you can re-roll casting rolls for
friendly TZEENTCH WIZARDS wholly within 18"
of the caster for the rest of that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD, THE BLUE SCRIBES

WARSCROLL

SCREAMERS OF TZEENTCH

Screamers of Tzeentch

Speeding blurs that leave shimmering trails of change-magic in the air, Screamers
streak across the skies with a wailing cry. They slash any foes they pass with razor-
sharp horns and fins before darting down to savage their chosen quarry.

MELEE WEAPONS

Lamprey Bite

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Screamers of Tzeentch has any number
of models, each attacking with a Lamprey Bite.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Sky-sharks: Screamers that manage to sink
their teeth into a larger creature will not let go
easily, eventually tearing off huge chunks of
bloodied flesh.

If the target is an enemy MONSTER , change the
Damage characteristic of this unit’s Lamprey
Bite to D3.

Slashing Fins: The pack mentality of Screamers
makes them an especially effective unit on the
battlefield. They swoop in formation and slash
at their foes, per forming fly-by attacks and
effor tless manoeuvres.

After this unit has made a normal move, pick
1 enemy unit and roll 1 dice for each model in
this unit that passed across any models from
that unit. For each 5+, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If that enemy unit is a WIZARD, for each
5+, inflict D3 mortal wounds instead of 1.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, TZEENTCH, SCREAMERS


PAGEBREAK
Burning Chariots of Tzeentch

WARSCROLL

BURNING CHARIOTS OF TZEENTCH

Drawn through the skies by a pair of Screamers, a Burning Chariot rides upon a wave
of multicoloured flames that scorches all in its wake, while the Exalted Flamer that
writhes and twists upon its back breathes out sheets of unnatural, billowing fire.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Billowing Warpflame

MELEE WEAPONS

Flaming Maw
Blue Horrors’ Jabs
Lamprey Bite

Range

18"

Attacks

6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

4
3
6

To Hit

5+
5+
4+

To Wound

3+
5+
3+

Rend

-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Burning Chariots of Tzeentch has
any number of models, each armed with
Billowing Warpflame, Flaming Maws and Blue
Horror’s
Jabs.

MOUNT: This unit’s Screamers of Tzeentch
attack with their Lamprey Bites.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Capricious Warpflame: These unnatural fires

continue to burn long after they meet their target,
clawing at the nearest
foe as a Fury would its prey.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
hit rolls instead of 1 if the target unit has 20 or
more models.

Sky-sharks: Screamers that manage to sink
their teeth into a larger creature will not let go
easily, eventually tearing off huge chunks of
bloodied flesh.

If the target is an enemy MONSTER , change the
Damage characteristic of this unit’s Lamprey
Bite to D3.

Touched by Fire: When forced to meet an enemy
in hand-to-hand combat, Flamers rely on their
blazing forms to repel their foe.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit that was inflicted by a
melee weapon. On a 5+, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound.

Wake of Fire: Enemies unfortunate enough to
be passed by a Burning Chariot are flooded with
waves of unnatural fire.

After this unit has made a normal move, you
can pick 1 enemy unit that has any models
passed across by any models from this unit and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, FLAMER , EXALTED FLAMERS, HORROR, TZEENTCH, BURNING CHARIOTS


PAGEBREAK
Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch

WARSCROLL

EXALTED FLAMERS OF TZEENTCH

An Exalted Flamer can project gouts of multicoloured flame, turning entire enemy
units into piles of blackened bones. The shifting warpflames seem to have a mind of
their own, forming hideous faces and ominous sigils with their tongues of fire.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Billowing Warpflame

MELEE WEAPONS

Flaming Maw

Range

18"

Range

2"

Attacks

6

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch has any
number of models, each armed with Billowing
Warpflame and Flaming Maws.

Capricious Warpflame: These unnatural fires

continue to burn long after they meet their target,
clawing at the nearest
foe as a Fury would its prey.

FLY: This unit can fly.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
hit rolls instead of 1 if the target unit has 20 or
more models.

Touched by Fire: When forced to meet an enemy
in hand-to-hand combat, Flamers rely on their
blazing forms to repel their foe.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit that was inflicted by a
melee weapon. On a 5+, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, FLAMER , TZEENTCH, EXALTED FLAMERS

Flamers of Tzeentch

WARSCROLL

FLAMERS OF TZEENTCH

Bounding in a disturbing fashion, Flamers of Tzeentch spring towards the foe
spouting the warpfires of Chaos. Yet the Changer of the Ways is fick le, and fires that
have burnt out may once more leap to life, guiding even more flames to the target.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warpflame

MELEE WEAPONS

Flaming Maw

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

3

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Flamers of Tzeentch has any number
of models, each armed with Warpflame and
Flaming Maws.

PYROCASTER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Pyrocaster. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s missile weapon.

FLY: This unit can fly.

Capricious Warpflame: These unnatural fires

continue to burn long after they meet their target,
clawing at the nearest
foe as a Fury would its prey.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
hit rolls instead of 1 if the target unit has 20 or
more models.

Touched by Fire: When forced to meet an enemy
in hand-to-hand combat, Flamers rely on their
blazing forms to repel their foe.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit that was inflicted by a
melee weapon. On a 5+, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound.

Guided by Billowing Flames: If their Exalted

kin are nearby, Flamers can follow their blazing
trails to increase the intensity of their fires.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
unit’s Warpflame while it is wholly within 9" of

any friendly EXALTED FLAMERS.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, FLAMER , TZEENTCH, FLAMERS OF TZEENTCH


PAGEBREAK
Horrors of Tzeentch

WARSCROLL

HORRORS OF TZEENTCH

Gibbering with lunatic energy, the luminescent Pink Horrors whirl and flail,
generating raw magic that can manifest as blasts of unnatural fire that scour the
enemy. Should they be slain, Horrors split in twain to form two lesser incarnations.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Magical Flames

MELEE WEAPONS

Taloned Hands

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

Attacks

To Hit

5+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

Horror Colour

Pink
Blue
Brimstone

HORROR TABLE

Magical Flames

3
2
1

Taloned Hands

1
1
2

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Horrors of Tzeentch has any number
of models, each armed with Magical Flames and
Taloned Hands.

Ectoplasmic Elasticity : The physicality of

a Pink Horror can withstand enemy attacks,
allowing it to reform its shape instantly.

PINK HORRORS: Any number of models in
this unit can be Pink Horrors.

BLUE HORRORS: Any number of models in
this unit can be Blue Horrors.

BRIMSTONE HORRORS: Any number of

models in this unit can be Brimstone Horrors.

IRIDESCENT HORROR: 1 Pink Horror

model in this unit can be an Iridescent Horror.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
model’s melee weapon.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 10 Pink Horror
models in this unit can be a Pink Horror Icon
Bearer. If the unmodified roll for a battleshock
test for this unit while it includes any Pink
Horror Icon Bearers is 1, you can return D6
slain HORRORS OF TZEENTCH models to this
unit, and no models from this unit wi l l flee in
that battleshock phase. Set up the HORRORS
OF TZEENTCH models one at a time within
1" of a model from this unit that has not been
returned in that phase. The models can only be
set up within 3" of an enemy unit if this unit was
within 3" of that enemy unit before any models
were returned.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 Pink Horror
models in this unit can be a Pink Horror
Hornblower.
If the unmodified roll for a
battleshock test for an enemy unit that is within
6" of this unit while this unit includes any Pink
Horror Hornblowers is 1, that battleshock test
must be re-rolled.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a Pink Horror from this unit.
On a 6, that wound or mortal wound is negated.

Flickering Flames: Combining their magical
might, Horrors consume their enemies in
maelstroms of arcane fire.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
unit’s Magical Flames while this unit has 20 or
more models.

Split and Split Again: Should a Horror meet

its end at the hands of the enemy,
it is capable of
splitting itself
into lesser daemons and renewing
its assault twice over.

When you allocate wounds or mortal wounds
to this unit, you must allocate them to a Pink
Horror model if it is possible to do so.

Each time an Iridescent Horror or Pink Horror
model from a friendly unit with this ability is
slain, you can add 2 Blue Horror models to that
unit after removing the slain model. Each time
a Blue Horror model from a friendly unit with
this ability is slain, you can add 1 Brimstone
Horrors model to that unit after removing the
slain model.

Set up the additional models one at a time
within 1" of the position that the slain model
had occupied. The additional models can only be
set up within 3" of an enemy unit if the position
that the slain model had occupied or any other
models from the slain model’s unit are within
3" of that enemy unit. If you cannot set up the
additional models in this way,
they are removed
from play (they do not count as being slain).

Locus of Conjuration: Tzeentch bolsters his

Horrors by channelling eldritch energies through
nearby champions.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this unit while it is
wholly within 12" of any friendly TZEENTCH

DAEMON HEROES .

Petty Vengeance: Some Horrors take petty
vengeance on those who harm them by exploding
in a blast of flame.

If a Pink Horror model from this unit is slain
and you do not use its Split and Split Again
ability to add any models to this unit, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this unit and
roll a dice. On a 5+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

MAGIC

This unit is a WIZARD while it has 9 or more
Pink Horrors. It can attempt
to cast 1 spell in
your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in
the enemy hero phase. It knows the Channelled
Pink Fire spell. It cannot attempt
to cast any
spells other than Channelled Pink Fire, but any
number of HORRORS OF TZEENTCH units that
have 9 or more Pink Horrors can attempt
to cast
Channelled Pink Fire in the same hero phase.

Channelled Pink Fire: As the Horrors chant

verses in the Dark Tongue in unison, their pink
forms illuminate, charging their magical essence.

Channelled Pink Fire has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly HORRORS OF
TZEENTCH unit wholly within 6" of the caster
and visible to them. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit until the start of your next
hero phase. A unit cannot benefit from this spell
more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, HORROR, TZEENTCH, HORRORS OF TZEENTCH


PAGEBREAK
Magister on Disc of Tzeentch

MAGISTER

ON DISC OF TZEENTCH

Magisters are powerful sorcerers in ser vice to Tzeentch. Filled with eldritch energies
as they ride their Disc of Tzeentch, they can wield fantastical fires to scorch the foe or
transform an enemy into the squelching, misshapen form of a Chaos Spawn.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Runestaff

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpsteel Sword
Teeth and Horns

Range

18"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1
D3

To Hit

3+

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-

Rend

-
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Magister on Disc of Tzeentch is a single
model armed with a Tzeentchian Runestaff and
Warpsteel Sword.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Magic-touched: Magisters are attuned to
magical energy and can harness the raw essence
of Chaos. There are those, however,
that delve too
deep into this source of power.

If the casting roll for this model is a double
and the casting attempt
is successful and not
unbound, this model can attempt
to cast 1 extra
spell this turn. If it does so and the extra casting
roll is a double, the spell automatically fails and
this model is slain.

If a friendly MAGISTER is slain by this effect,
roll a dice before removing the model. On a 2+,

1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN is added to your
army. Set up the TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN

anywhere on the battlefield within 1" of the
slain MAGISTER and more than 3" from any
enemy units.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Bolt of
Change spells.

Bolt of Change: The Magister hurls a
coruscating bolt of energy at the foe, causing their
flesh to run like wax and remould into a form
more pleasing to Tzeentch.

Bolt of Change has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. If any models were slain by
this spell, before removing the first slain model,

you can add 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN to

your army and set it up within 3" of the slain
model’s unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD, MAGISTER


PAGEBREAK
Magister

WARSCROLL

MAGISTER

As a central figure of the cabal that leads an Arcanite Cult, a Magister w i l l use all
their fell powers to inflict change and ruin upon the Mortal Realms in the name of the
Great Conspirator. At their hands are the enemies of Tzeentch transformed.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Runestaff

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpsteel Sword

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Magister is a single model armed with a
Tzeentchian Runestaff and Warpsteel Sword.

ABILITIES

Magic-touched: Magisters are attuned to
magical energy. There are those, however,
that
delve too deep into this source of power.

If the casting roll for this model is a double
and the casting attempt
is successful and not
unbound, this model can attempt
to cast 1 extra
spell this turn. If it does so and the extra casting

roll is a double, the spell automatically fails and
this model is slain. If a friendly MAGISTER is
slain by this effect, roll a dice before removing

the model. On a 2+, 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN

is added to your army. Set up the TZEENTCH
CHAOS SPAWN anywhere on the battlefield
within 1" of the slain MAGISTER and more than
3" from any enemy units.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It

knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Bolt of
Change spells.

Bolt of Change: The Magister hurls a
coruscating bolt of energy at the foe.

Bolt of Change has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. If any models were slain by
this spell, before removing the first slain model,

you can add 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN to

your army and set it up within 3" of the slain
model’s unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD, MAGISTER

WARSCROLL

Cursling Eye of Tzeentch

EYE OF TZEENTCH

CURSELING

Blessed with a Tretchlet – a daemon homunculus that can detect lies – a Curseling is
an important leader of rituals in an Arcanite Cult. They are also powerful fighters and
can steal enemy spells, reworking them in order to hurl them back at the foe.

MELEE WEAPONS

Blazing Sword
Threshing Flai l
Staff of Tzeentch

Range

1"
1"
2"

Attacks

3
3
1

To Hit

3+
4+
5+

To Wound

4+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Curseling, Eye of Tzeentch,
is a single model
armed with a Blazing Sword, Threshing Flail and
Staff of Tzeentch.

ABILITIES

Disrupter of the Arcane: A Curseling can reach

into a spell and undo the magical
keep it whole.

forces that

You can re-roll unbinding and dispelling rolls
for this model.

Vessel of Chaos: The flow of eldritch energy is
visible to the Curseling, who can pluck magic from
the aether and hurl
it back at its caster.

to unbind 2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Glean
Magic spells.

If this model successfully unbinds a spell that is
possible for it to cast, it can immediately attempt
to cast that spell even though it is the enemy hero
phase. If that spell is successfully cast, it cannot
be unbound.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 2 spells in your hero phase and attempt

Glean Magic: In a magical duel, the Curseling
reaches into his adversary’s mind and steals
arcane knowledge to use for his own ends.

Glean Magic has a casting value of 3. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy WIZARD within
24" of the caster and visible to them. Pick 1 spell
from that WIZARD ’s warscroll that is possible
for this model to cast and roll a dice. On a 3+, the
caster knows that spell for the rest of the battle.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD, CURSELING


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

The Eyes of the Nine

THE EYES OF THE NINE

Agents of the Gaunt Summoners, the Eyes of the Nine seek out artefacts redolent with
realm magics that they can corrupt with Tzeentchian energy. With these ensorcelled
lodestones, they intend to tether the Silver Towers to reality.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Magical Flames
Sorcerous Bolt

MELEE WEAPONS

Savage Greatblade
Cursed Blade
Vicious Beak
Taloned Hands

Range

12"
12"

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

5+
5+

To Wound

4+
4+

Range

1"
1"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
1
1
1

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
5+

To Wound

4+
4+
5+
4+

Rend

-
-

Rend

-1
-
-
-

Damage

1
1

Damage

2
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

The Eyes of the Nine is a unit that has 4 models.
Nar via and Turosh are each armed with a Cursed
Blade, Sorcerous Bolt and Arcanite Shield;
K’charik is armed with a Savage Greatblade and
Vicious Beak; and the Blue Horror is armed with
Magical Flames and Taloned Hands.
K’CHARIK: Add 1 to K’charik’s
Wounds characteristic.

ABILITIES

Arcanite Shield: This shield can protect against
both physical and magical attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a unit that has any models
armed with Arcanite Shields. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Split: If the Blue Horror is slain,
into a pair of Brimstone Horrors.

it transforms

If the Blue Horror model from a friendly unit
with this ability is slain, you can add 1 Brimstone
Horrors model to that unit after removing the
slain model. The Brimstone Horrors’ Magical
Flames have an Attacks characteristic of 1
instead of 2, and their Taloned Hands have an
Attacks characteristic of 2 instead of 1.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, TZEENTCH, CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM, EYES OF THE NINE

WARSCROLL

Vortemis the All-Seeing

VORTEMIS THE ALL-SEEING

Vortemis has been instrumental in twisting the strands of fate to serve the w i l l of
Tzeentch. His Arcanite Cult had spies in the city of Shadespire for centuries, and he
has plotted to undermine Nagash for just as long.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Runestaff

MELEE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Runestaff

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Vortemis the All-seeing is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with a
Tzeentchian Runestaff.

ABILITIES

Magic-touched: Magisters are attuned to
magical energy like no other, but there are those
that delve too deep into this source of power.

If the casting roll for this model is a double
and the casting attempt
is successful and not
unbound, this model can attempt
to cast 1 extra

spell this turn. If it does so and the extra casting
roll is a double, the spell automatically fails and
this model is slain. If a friendly MAGISTER is
slain by this effect, roll a dice before removing

the model. On a 2+, 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN

is added to your army. Set up the TZEENTCH
CHAOS SPAWN anywhere on the battlefield
within 1" of the slain MAGISTER and more than
3" from any enemy units.

MAGIC

Vortemis the All-seeing is a WIZARD. He can
attempt
to cast 1 spell in your hero phase and

attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero
phase. He knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Sorcerous Insight spells.

Sorcerous Insight: Memory becomes echo, echo
becomes resonance, resonance becomes reality
wrought anew.

Sorcerous Insight has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, you receive 1 extra command
point. This extra command point can only
be spent by picking this model to use the At
the Double, Forward to Victory or Inspiring
Presence command ability.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, CULT OF THE TRANSIENT FORM, HERO, WIZARD,
MAGISTER, VORTEMIS THE ALL-SEEING


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Fatemaster

FATEMASTER

More than just a powerful warrior, a Fatemaster is surrounded by an aura of change.
Mounted atop Discs of Tzeentch, Fatemasters streak into combat, slicing foes with
their fireglaives while manipulating fortune for the benefit of their Arcanite Cult.

MELEE WEAPONS

Fireglaive of Tzeentch
Teeth and Horns

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
D3

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

D3
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Fatemaster is a single model armed with a
Fireglaive of Tzeentch.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Hovering Disc of Tzeentch: A Fatemaster

mounted on a Disc of Tzeentch is capable of truly
breathtaking feats of agility and evasion.

Add 2 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this model unless the
attacking unit is a MONSTER or can fly.

Soulbound Shield: This shield can shelter
the w ielder against even the most potent
magical attacks.

Each time this model is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,

on a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this model.

COMMAND ABILITY

Lord of Fate: Tzeentch’s

chosen disciples can
affect the destiny of those around them.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
model with this command ability. Until your
next hero phase, you can re-roll hit rolls for
attacks made by friendly TZEENTCH units
wholly within 9" of this model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, FATEMASTER

WARSCROLL

Ogroid Thaumaturge

OGROID THAUMATURGE

Combining bestial strength with dark occult powers, the Ogroid Thaumaturge is a
deadly foe. With snarled invocations, it hurls blasts of fiery energy into the enemy
ranks, before stampeding into their midst to pummel the survivors to bloody ruin.

MELEE WEAPONS

Great Horns
Thaumaturge Staff
Cloven Hooves

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
3
4

To Hit

3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-2
-1
-

Damage

3
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

An Ogroid Thaumaturge is a single model
armed with Great Horns, Thaumaturge Staff and
Cloven Hooves.

ABILITIES

Brutal Rage: When wounded, the Ogroid finds
bursts of renewed energy from its rage.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by this model if any
wounds or mortal wounds were allocated to this
model earlier in the same phase.

Mighty Rampage: There are few things as deadly
as the momentum of an Ogroid Thaumaturge on
the charge.

Choking Tendrils: The caster unleashes lashes
of arcane energy that strangle the life from
their v ictims.

After this model makes a charge move, you
can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model
and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind 1
spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Choking Tendrils spells.

Choking Tendrils has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D6 mortal wounds. For each model that is slain
by mortal wounds inflicted by this spell, you can
heal 1 wound allocated to this model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD, OGROID THAUMATURGE


PAGEBREAK
Kairic Acolytes

WARSCROLL

KAIRIC ACOLYTES

Kairic Acolytes are the chosen human cultists of Tzeentch. Harnessing their collective
magical might, the Chanters of Change unleash it in the form of searing bolts.
Enemies that do not fall before this arcane fusillade must face their cur ved blades.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Sorcerous Bolt

MELEE WEAPONS

Cursed Glaive
Cursed Blade(s)

Range

18"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

4+

3+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1
1

4+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-

2
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kairic Acolytes has any number of
models. The unit is armed with Sorcerous
Bolts and one of the following weapon options:
Cursed Blade and Arcanite Shield; or a pair of
Cursed Blades.

3 in every 10 models in this unit can replace their
weapon option with a Cursed Glaive.

KAIRIC ADEPT: 1 model in this unit can be a
Kairic Adept. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s melee weapons.

SCROLL OF DARK ARTS: 1 in every 10

models in this unit can carr y a Scroll of Dark
Arts. A unit that includes any Scrolls of Dark
Arts can add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls.

VULCHARC: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can be accompanied by a Vulcharc.
If an enemy
WIZARD successfully casts a spell within 18"
of a friendly unit that includes any Vulcharcs,
roll a dice. On a 4+, that WIZARD suffers 1
mortal wound after the effects of that spell have
been resolved.

ABILITIES

Arcanite Shields: This lavishly wrought
shield can protect against both physical and
magical attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a unit that has any models
armed with Arcanite Shields. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated. When you allocate
wounds or mortal wounds to this unit, you must
allocate them to a model armed with an Arcanite
Shield if it is possible to do so.

Paired Cursed Blades: Those who wield twin

cursed blades can strong-arm enemy weapons
aside for a cleaner strike.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with a
pair of Cursed Blades.

MAGIC

This unit is a WIZARD while it has 9 or more
models. It can attempt
to cast 1 spell in your
hero phase and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the
enemy hero phase. It knows the Gestalt Sorcery
spell. It cannot attempt
to cast any spells other
than Gestalt Sorcery, but any number of KAIRIC
ACOLYTES units can attempt
to cast Gestalt
Sorcery in the same hero phase.

Gestalt Sorcery : Through combined worship, a
cult of Acolytes can swell their arcane power to
new levels of ferocity.

Gestalt Sorcery has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly KAIRIC
ACOLYTES unit wholly within 9" of the caster.
Until your next hero phase, improve the Rend
characteristic of that unit’s Sorcerous Bolt attack
by 1. A unit cannot benefit from this spell more
than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, KAIRIC ACOLYTES


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Tzaangor Skyfires

TZAANGOR SKYFIRES

Tzaangor Skyfires soar across the battlefield, raining death upon the foe. Able to catch
glimpses of the future, the Skyfires send their Arrows of Fate on baffling trajectories,
striking their targets’ most vulnerable weak spots with confounding accuracy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Arrow of Fate

MELEE WEAPONS

Bow Stave
Vicious Beak
Teeth and Horns

Range

24"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

2
1
D3

To Hit

5+
4+
4+

To Wound

5+
5+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Tzaangor Skyfires has any number of
models, each armed with an Arrow of Fate, Bow
Stave and Vicious Beak.

MOUNT: This unit’s Discs of Tzeentch attack
with their Teeth and Horns.
AVIARCH: The leader of this unit is an
Aviarch. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
an Aviarch’s Arrow of Fate.
FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Guided by the Future: These warriors’ attacks
are directed by glimpses of the future.

In the combat phase, you can re-roll hit and
wound rolls for attacks made by this unit if no
enemy units within 3" of this unit have already
fought in that phase.

Judgement from Afar : To be struck by an

Arrow of Fate is to be judged by destiny itself.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with an Arrow of Fate is 6, that attack inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGOR SKYFIRES

Tzeentch Chaos Spawn

TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN

WARSCROLL

Tzeentch Chaos Spawn are, if anything, even more horrifically mutated than others of
their kind. Altered at the whim of the Great Mutator,
they tear their prey limb from
limb with their freakish array of claws, tentacles and hooked appendages.

MELEE WEAPONS

Freakish Mutations

Range

1"

Attacks

2D6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Tzeentch Chaos Spawn has any number
of models, each armed with Freakish Mutations.

ABILITIES

Writhing Tentacles: The body of a Chaos

Spawn is ever in flux, making them wildly
unpredictable adversaries.

If you roll a double when determining the
number of attacks made by Freakish Mutations,
add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made by
the attacking model until the end of the phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, TZEENTCH, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CHAOS SPAWN


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangor Shaman

TZAANGOR SHAMAN

Mounted atop a Disc of Tzeentch, a Tzaangor Shaman is a potent agent of change.
With dark magics, the Shaman w i l l grant a boon of mutation to his foes, transforming
them as they writhe and scream into a more pleasing form – that of a Tzaangor.

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Change
Ritual Dagger
Teeth and Horns

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"
1"

1
2
D3

4+
4+
4+

3+
4+
3+

-1
-
-1

D3
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Tzaangor Shaman is a single model armed
with a Staff of Change and Ritual Dagger.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Teeth and Horns.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Sorcerous E lixir : Tzaangor Shamans drink
strange concoctions in battle to augment their
sorcerous might.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, this model
can attempt
to cast 1 extra spell. If it does so, you
can re-roll the casting roll for that spell.

Visions of the Future: Seeing the battle

unfold before them through prophetic
v isions, the Shaman guides the aim of nearby
Tzaangor Skyfires.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Arrows
of Fate by friendly TZAANGOR SKYFIRE
units wholly within 12" of any friendly

TZAANGOR SHAMANS .

Visions of the Past: By listing the weaknesses of
the foe discovered in ages past, Tzaangor Shamans
enhance the deadliness of their Enlightened kin.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
Tzeentchian Spears and Vicious Beaks by

friendly TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED units

wholly within 12" of any friendly

TZAANGOR SHAMANS .

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Boon of
Mutation spells.

Boon of Mutation: The Shaman curses its foes
with the dubious gift of Tzeentch’s mutagenic
power,
transforming its victims into a form more
pleasing to the Changer of the Ways.

Boon of Mutation has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. For each model that
is slain by mortal wounds inflicted by this spell,
you can add 1 TZAANGOR model to an existing
TZAANGOR unit in your army. If you do so, set
up that TZAANGOR model within 1" of a friendly
TZAANGOR unit that is within 12" of the caster.
The model can only be set up within 3" of an
enemy unit if the friendly unit was within 3" of
that enemy unit before any models were added.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, HERO, WIZARD,
TZAANGOR SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangor Enlightened

WARSCROLL

TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

Tzaangor Enlightened are arrogant creatures, for they can see the lessons of the past
as easily as mortals see daylight. They gleefully caw out the past mistakes of their
enemies, unner ving them before moving in to capitalise with each blow.

MELEE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Spear
Vicious Beak

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+
5+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Tzaangor Enlightened has any number
of models, each armed with a Tzeentchian Spear
and Vicious Beak.

Babbling Stream of Secrets: The dark truths

revealed by the Tzaangor Enlightened utterly
unnerve the foe.

AVIARCH: The leader of this unit is an
Aviarch. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of an
Aviarch’s Tzeentchian Spear.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within

9" of any friendly TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

units, add 1 to the number of models that flee.

Guided by the Past: These warriors see at once
every moment that led to the present and use this
knowledge to deadly effect.

In the combat phase, you can re-roll hit and
wound rolls for attacks made by this unit if any
enemy units within 3" of this unit have already
fought in that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

Tzaangor Enlightened on Discs of Tzeentch

TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

WARSCROLL

ON DISCS OF TZEENTCH

Tzaangor Enlightened wield ornate spears of a quality beyond the weaponry of their
lesser kin. Able to perceive the strands of the past, the Enlightened reveal the hidden
secrets of their foes, discovering their weaknesses before moving in to strike.

MELEE WEAPONS

Tzeentchian Spear
Vicious Beak
Teeth and Horns

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
1
D3

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
5+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

2
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Tzaangor Enlightened has any number
of models, each armed with a Tzeentchian Spear
and Vicious Beak.

Babbling Stream of Secrets: The dark truths

revealed by the Tzaangor Enlightened utterly
unnerve the foe.

MOUNT: This unit’s Discs of Tzeentch attack
with their Teeth and Horns.

AVIARCH: The leader of this unit is an
Aviarch. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of an
Aviarch’s Tzeentchian Spear.

FLY: This unit can fly.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within

9" of any friendly TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED

units, add 1 to the number of models that flee.

Guided by the Past: These warriors see at once
every moment that led to the present and use this
knowledge to deadly effect.

In the combat phase, you can re-roll hit and
wound rolls for attacks made by this unit if any
enemy units within 3" of this unit have already
fought in that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGOR ENLIGHTENED


PAGEBREAK
Tzaangors

TZAANGORS

Tzaangors are savage, avian beastmen dedicated to Tzeentch and gifted with his dark
blessings. Eager to impress their duplicitous god, the Tzaangors fight with lunatic
energies, hoping to earn further gifts of change.

MELEE WEAPONS

Savage Greatblade
Savage Blade(s)
Vicious Beak

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"

1
2
1

4+
4+
4+

4+
4+
5+

-1
-
-

2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Tzaangors has any number of models.
The unit is armed with a Vicious Beak and one of
the following weapon options: Savage Blade and
Arcanite Shield; or a pair of Savage Blades. 2 in
every 5 models can replace their weapon option
with a Savage Greatblade.

TWISTBRAY: 1 model in this unit can be a
Twistbray. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
with that model’s melee weapons.

TZAANGOR MUTANT: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Tzaangor Mutant armed
with a pair of Savage Blades and a Vicious
Beak. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of that
model’s pair of Savage Blades.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be an Icon Bearer. A unit that
includes any Icon Bearers can use the Ornate
Totems ability.

BRAYHORN: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
can have a Brayhorn. A unit that includes any
Brayhorns can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

Destined Mayhem: Nearby leaders and
champions of the Arcanites
inspire Tzaangors
deliver killing blows to the enemy.

to

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by this unit while this
unit is wholly within 12" of any friendly

ARCANITE HEROES .

Arcanite Shield: This lavishly wrought
shield can protect against both physical and
magical attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a unit that has any models
armed with Arcanite Shields. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated. When you allocate
wounds or mortal wounds to this unit, you must
allocate them to a model armed with an Arcanite
Shield if it is possible to do so.

Paired Savage Blades: Tzaangors armed with

two savage blades have a better chance of landing
a blow on the enemy.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a pair of
Savage Blades.

Savagery Unleashed: Favoured by their god,
these warriors unleash a flurry of attacks upon
their foes.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons while it has 9 or more models.

Ornate Totems: The icons carried by the
Tzaangors can steal magical power from nearby
wizards and use it to blast the enemy.

While this unit has 1 or more Icon Bearers,
at the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 18" of this unit that is visible
to it. Roll 1 dice for each WIZARD that is within
9" of this unit. For each 4+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, GOR, BEASTS OF CHAOS, BRAYHERD, TZEENTCH, ARCANITE, TZAANGORS


PAGEBREAK
Burning Sigil of Tzeentch

BURNING SIGIL OF TZEENTCH

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

Drizzling ectoplasm and daemonic fire, the conjured sigil of Tzeentch is so redolent with mutative energies that it
can transform those around it into a thousand fleshy forms. To stand close by is to risk horrific transmogrification –
though in the final reckoning of battle, some of these mutations are as much a blessing as they are a curse.

DESCRIPTION

A Burning Sigil of Tzeentch is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Burning Sigil of Tzeentch: Brief

incantations
in the Dark Tongue see these burning
symbols of worship spark into reality.

Summon Burning Sigil of Tzeentch has a casting
value of 5. Only TZEENTCH WIZARDS can
attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up 1 Burning Sigil of Tzeentch model wholly
within 18" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Radiant Transmogrification: The sigil

channels the energies of the Impossible For tress;
with each pulse comes a handful of blessings and
curses as fickle as the bastion’s master.

At
the end of your movement phase, if the
Burning Sigil of Tzeentch is on the battlefield,
you must roll a dice on the following table:

Effect

D6

1

Dismembered by Change: Pick 1 unit

within 12" of this model and visible to it.
That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. If
any models were slain by this spell, before
removing the first slain model, you can

add 1 TZEENTCH CHAOS SPAWN to your

army and set it up within 3" of the slain
model’s unit.

2

3-4

5

6

Crippling Appendages: Pick 1 unit

within 12" of this model and visible to it.
Halve the Move characteristic of that unit
until the start of your next hero phase.

Mutative Flux: Pick 1 unit within 12" of
this model and visible to it. That unit can
move D6" even if it ran in the same turn.

Spawning Limbs: Pick 1 unit within 12"
of this model and visible to it. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s
melee weapons until the start of your next
hero phase.

Shifting Aura: Pick 1 unit within 12"
of this model and visible to it. Subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
that unit until the start of your next
hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BURNING SIGIL OF TZEENTCH

Tome of Eyes

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

TOME OF EYES

By conjuring a Tome of Eyes, a spellcaster can read knowledge inscribed by daemonic forces as the tome reads them
in turn; in doing so, they gain access to the fabled Parchment Curse. A particularly disturbing spell, this turns the
enemies of the caster into scattering sheafs of paper, each detailing a dark and twisted version of the victim’s life story.

DESCRIPTION

A Tome of Eyes is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Tome of Eyes: With a snap of the

conjurer’s fingers, the Tome appears at their side
from a spark of blue wyrdflame.

Only TZEENTCH WIZARDS can attempt

Summon Tome of Eyes has a casting value of 5.
to cast
this spell. If successfully cast, set up 1 Tome of
Eyes model within 1" of the caster.

As long as the Tome of Eyes is on the battlefield,
the caster and the Tome of Eyes are treated as
being a single model from the caster’s army that
uses the caster’s warscroll as well as the Endless
Spells rules. The Tome of Eyes must remain
within 1" of the caster. If the caster is slain, then

the Tome of Eyes is immediately dispelled and
removed from play along with the caster.

The Parchment Curse: The Tome’s flames

intensify,
its eyes twitching frantically as it seeks
new prey for the curses on its parchment
leaves.

The Parchment Curse has a casting value of 8.
Only the caster of the Tome of Eyes can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them and roll a dice. On a 3+, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. In addition, for each model
that is slain by mortal wounds inflicted by this
spell, subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of that unit for the rest of the battle.

ABILITIES

Transfixed by Countless Eyes: As the Tome

flicks through its endless pages,
it peers into the
mind of its summoner, giving knowledge to the
loyal and punishing the insatiable as it sees fit.

If the Tome of Eyes is on the battlefield, you can
re-roll casting rolls for the caster.

In addition, if the unmodified casting roll for
a spell attempted by the caster is a 2 or a 12,
the spell is automatically cast (regardless of the
result) and cannot be unbound. However,
the
caster suffers D3 mortal wounds after the effects
of that spell have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, TOME OF EYES


PAGEBREAK
Daemonic Simulacrum

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

DAEMONIC SIMULACRUM

The twin-headed monstrosity known as the Daemonic Simulacrum is not a true daemon but a living mirage, a
manifestation of the duplicity and cunning of the Lords of Change that guide their Arcanite puppets to war. Though
ephemeral, when these illusor y creatures bite, they can tear away the minds of the foe to leave them drooling imbeciles.

DESCRIPTION

A Daemonic Simulacrum is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Daemonic Simulacrum is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 9" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Daemonic Simulacrum: The wizard

draws upon its understanding of Changelore to
create a temporary por tal for this mirage to enter
the fray.

Summon Daemonic Simulacrum has a casting
value of 7. Only TZEENTCH WIZARDS can
attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up 1 Daemonic Simulacrum model wholly
within 12" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Twisting Mirage: This Tzeentchian

manifestation writhes across the battlefield as
soon as it materialises.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Snapping Jaws: The Simulacrum feeds upon the
minds of any beings in its path and is especially
drawn to sources of the arcane.

After this model has moved, roll 9 dice for the
closest other unit within 6". If more than 1 other
unit is equally close, the player that moved
this model can choose which unit to roll the 9
dice for. For each 5+, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If that unit is a WIZARD, that unit suffers
1 mortal wound for each 4+ instead.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, DAEMONIC SIMULACRUM

The reality-warping spells of the Arcanum Optimar scar the air itself as the Disciples of Tzeentch summon them to the battlefield. Even to witness
them is to risk one’s
sanity – those who become their prey are damned to an unusual and terrify ing demise.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed in this table allows you to take
a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized unit.
Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that has any of
the keywords listed in the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Tzeentch army. Updated January 2020; the
profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH

UNIT SIZE

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

UNIT

MIN

MAX

Horrors of Tzeentch

10

20

200

Battleline if this unit
contains no Blue
Horrors or Brimstone
Horrors

If this unit contains no
Pink Horrors, change
the points cost to 100.

If the unit contains no
Pink Horrors and no
Blue Horrors, change
the points cost to 60.

Kairic Acolytes

10

30

100

Battleline

Tzaangors

10

30

180

Battleline

The Blue Scribes

1

1

120

Leader

Unique

Changecaster, Herald of Tzeentch

1

1

110

Leader

The Changeling

1

1

120

Leader

Unique

Curseling, Eye of Tzeentch

1

1

160

Leader

Fatemaster
Fateskimmer, Herald of Tzeentch
on Burning Chariot
Fluxmaster, Herald of Tzeentch
on Disc
Gaunt Summoner of Tzeentch

1

1

120

Leader

1

1

140

Leader

1

1

130

Leader

1

1

240

Leader

Magister

1

1

100

Leader

Magister on Disc of Tzeentch

1

1

140

Leader

Ogroid Thaumaturge

1

1

160

Leader

Tzaangor Shaman

1

1

150

Leader

Vortemis the All-seeing

1

1

140

Leader

Unique. These units
must be taken as a set
for a total of 140 points.
Although taken as a set,
each is a separate unit.
Unique

The Eyes of the Nine

4

4

Kairos Fateweaver

1

1

400

Leader, Behemoth

Lord of Change

1

1

380

Leader, Behemoth

Burning Chariots of Tzeentch

1

3

150

Battleline if general is a

FATESKIMMER

Exalted Flamers of Tzeentch

1

6

100

Flamers of Tzeentch

3

12

120

Battleline in ETERNAL

CONFLAGRATION army

Screamers of Tzeentch

3

12

80

Battleline in HOSTS

ARCANUM army

Tzaangor Enlightened
Tzaangor Enlightened on
Discs of Tzeentch
Tzaangor Skyfires

3

9

100

3

9

180

3

9

200

Tzeentch Chaos Spawn

1

6

50


PAGEBREAK
DISCIPLES OF TZEENTCH

WARSCROLL

Aether-eater Host
Alter-kin Coven
Arcanite Cabal
Arcanite Cult
Changehost

Fate Legion

Multitudinous Host
Omniscient Oracles
Overseer’s Fate-twisters
Skyshoal Coven
Tzaangor Coven
Warpflame Host
Witchfyre Coven

Burning Sigil of Tzeentch
Tome of Eyes
Daemonic Simulacrum

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

1
1
1

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

1
1
1

140
140
140
80
180

80

160
160
160
140
180
140
160
40
40
50

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell

FACTION

Tzeentch

ALLIES

Beasts of Chaos (excluding NURGLE units), Monsters of Chaos, Slaanesh, Slaves to Darkness
(excluding units with mark of NURGLE)


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?


PAGEBREAK
DEATH BATTLETOME:
FLESH-EATER COURTS

Bound by the madness of their kings, the Flesh-eater Courts surge
across the land in search of their next grisly feast.

Once noble denizens of the Mortal Realms, the mordants of the
Flesh-eater Courts now scrabble amongst the ruins of their decayed
civilisations. In their deranged minds they believe themselves to be
knights and men-at-arms, defending their kingdoms against hostile
invaders, but in truth they are savage cannibals, driven by the vampiric
insanity of their abhorrants to depraved acts of slaughter.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY CORE BOOK

From across the Mortal Realms, disparate warbands make the dark
pilgrimage to the Eightpoints. The cursed and the damned are
drawn by the Call of the Everchosen. These cannibal tribespeople,
tyrannical despots and ambitious cut-throats have dedicated their
souls to the Chaos Gods. They now seek to earn the favour of mighty
Archaon, Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse, and a place
within his unholy legions. Yet others also brave the monster-haunted
wilds of this cursed domain – questing knights, tormented spirits,
battle-obsessed brutes and countless more. Some are driven by duty,
others by avarice or an overwhelming desire for revenge.

Warcry is a tabletop skirmish wargame in which two or more players
control rival warbands of Citadel Miniatures, each with their own
unique weapons, warriors and abilities. This book contains the
core rules for Warcry, as well as rules for open play, narrative play,
matched play and more. Inside, you will also find information on
the Eightpoints and its twisted denizens, along with an inspiring
miniatures showcase.


PAGEBREAK
