
PAGEBREAK
Ravenous,
frenzied and utterly insane,
the
mordants of the Flesh-eater Courts scrabble
towards
their enemies with a terrible hunger
in their eyes. They are the remnants of once-
glorious kingdoms,
transformed into hideous
fiends through the curse of the Carrion
King – yet
in their madness they still believe
themselves to be knights and noble soldiers,
cleansing the Mortal Realms of the very
monsters they have become.

It was during the Age of Chaos, when the
servants of the Dark Gods brought untold ruin
to the realms,
that
the first Flesh-eater Courts
arose.
In those hellish days, fire and famine
swept across the lands, mighty empires were
drowned in blood, and the humble and regal
alike were driven to cannibalism in order to
survive.
In their desperation,
these wretched
masses fell under the sway of the abhorrants,
powerful vampiric creatures whose delusions
united the carnivorous hordes into terrifying
and insatiable armies.

By the time the God-King Sigmar unleashed
his Stormcast Eternals to drive back the Chaos
scourge, the Flesh-eaters had long abandoned
their sanity. The Ghoul Kings and their subjects
saw the Stormhosts not as saviours, but as
invaders, come to despoil the lands and impose
upon them Sigmar’s tyranny.

The courts continue to haunt
the ruins of their
kingdoms, hunting down any foolish enough to
trespass into their territories and pouring out
in pallid hordes to devour their enemies. With
the dead now rising across the Mortal Realms,
the Flesh-eater Courts are expanding more
rapaciously than ever,
for in the horrors of the
Soul Wars they see a time of
joy and plenty.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

CANNIBAL KINGDOMS ................................4

THE CARRION KING ..................................................8

COURTS OF DELUSION .............................................10

Revenants of the Ravaged Lands .....................................12
Indentured to Death ..........................................................14
The Coming of the Soul Wars ..........................................16

TALES OF MADNESS ..................................................18

DERANGED KINGDOMS ..........................................20

Dark Legacies .....................................................................22
Morgaunt Grand Court ....................................................24
Hollowmourne Grand Court...........................................25
Blisterskin Grand Court ...................................................26
Gristlegore Grand Court ..................................................27
Abhorrants ..........................................................................28
Courtiers .............................................................................30
Mordants .............................................................................32
Menagerie ............................................................................34
Insane Manifestations .......................................................35

GRISLY PAGEANTRY ...................................38

MANIFEST INSANITY ..............................................44

DEATHLY REVENANTS ............................................48

PAINTING YOUR FLESH-EATER COURTS ............50

RAVENOUS HORDES ..................................54

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ..........................................55

Battle Traits .........................................................................55
Command Traits ................................................................56
Artefacts of Power .............................................................57
Spell Lores ...........................................................................58
Mount Traits .......................................................................59

Charnel Throne ..................................................................60
Morgaunt Grand Court ....................................................62
Hollowmourne Grand Court...........................................63
Blisterskin Grand Court ...................................................64
Gristlegore Grand Court ..................................................65
Battleplan: Stirring the Nest ............................................66

PATH TO GLORY ........................................................68

Flesh-eater Courts Warband Tables ...............................70

WARSCROLLS ..............................................................72

Cannibal Court ..................................................................72
Royal Family .......................................................................73
Attendants at Court...........................................................73
Deadwatch ...........................................................................74
Abattoir ...............................................................................74
Ghoul Patrol
.......................................................................74
King’s Ghouls .....................................................................75
Royal Mordants ..................................................................75
Royal Menagerie ................................................................75
Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Terrorgheist .............76
Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Zombie Dragon .......78
Abhorrant Archregent ......................................................79
Abhorrant Ghoul King .....................................................79
Varghulf Courtier ..............................................................80
Crypt Ghast Courtier ........................................................81
Crypt Ghouls ......................................................................81
Crypt Infernal Courtier ....................................................82
Crypt Flayers ......................................................................82
Crypt Haunter Courtier ...................................................83
Crypt Horrors .....................................................................83
Royal Terrorgheist .............................................................84
Royal Zombie Dragon .......................................................85
Cadaverous Barricade .......................................................86
Chalice of Ushoran ............................................................86
Corpsemare Stampede ......................................................87

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES ..................................88

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Death Battletome: Flesh-eater Cour ts © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Death Battletome: Flesh-eater Cour ts , GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer,
Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses
thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.
No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-606-2

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
As the pall of death spreads over the Mortal Realms, the deranged cannibals of the Flesh-eater
Cour ts emerge from the ruins of once-great civilizations in search of prey.


PAGEBREAK
CANNIBAL
KINGDOMS

CANNIBAL KINGDOMS

Hidden among the ruins of the Mortal Realms are the Flesh-eater Courts. Bound by the madness of their cursed
monarchs, throngs of creatures known as mordants eke out a wretched existence, waging wars against kingdom
after kingdom in order to feast on the flesh of their enemies.

Echoing through the mouldering
rubble of once-magnificent
kingdoms comes the sound of
scrambling claws and the wet
smack of blood-stained lips. At the
centre of this horrific din stands an
abhorrant, and in a voice that is at
once regal and raving he sounds the
call to war. As his snarled command
reverberates across the ruins, scores
of Crypt Ghouls come racing from
their dens, remnants of recent meals
still dripping from gaping mouths
as they charge out to find fresh prey.
Hulking Crypt Horrors lope ahead of
the ghoul throngs, brandishing the
bones of those they have devoured
and bellowing gibbered commands.
Overhead, the skies darken as Crypt
Flayers and giant cadaverous beasts
take wing, deafening those below
with screeches and roars as they fly
forth to hunt.

Wherever the Flesh-eaters gather,
the air quickly grows thick with
the reek of decaying meat, and the
ground becomes littered with filth-
encrusted bones. Yet
the mordants
do not see themselves as grotesque
wretches – in their madness, they
are instead gallant soldiers and noble
knights, marching out in fu l l regalia
to conquer the wicked and rid the
lands of evil. Born from the twisted
mind of their abhorrant kings, this
sorcerous delusion stays with them
even as they rip the flesh from their
enemies’ bones with their bare teeth.

DRIVEN TO DEPRAVITY

In every corner of the realms,
nightmarish tales are told of the
Flesh-eater Courts. When war
and famine ravage a land, its most
desperate and determined people
survive in any way they can. Giving
in to hunger,
they turn upon the
fallen, the weak, and even each
other in their quest for sustenance.
Retreating into the shadowed ruins
of their towns and cities, these
cannibal cults devolve into hideous
parodies of society, kept alive on a

diet of rancid flesh and bone. Even
then these creatures are worthy of
pity,
for their transformation into
ghouls is not yet complete; only
once they partake of an abhorrant
king’s feast do they become what are
known as mordants.

strong-willed soon see the king as
he sees himself. Before long, those
that once hid in shame from the light
stand tall, armoured in delusion.
In a mockery of civilisation, the
abhorrant brings them into his
court, inviting the pale horrors that
bow and scrape in his presence to
join in his grisly feasts.

By the wi l l of the abhorrants do the
courts congregate in the realms.
Gathering up feasts from among the
living and the dead, they rend apart
their enemies and prepare the flesh
of the fallen for their lord’s cu linar y
pleasure. Some mordants might even
be blessed to sup the king’s blood –
in their minds drinking wine from
their master’s table. However,
the
thick crimson draught brings with
it a terrifying transformation. These
creatures arise as drooling horrors,
slaved utterly to their new master,
and bereft of what remained of
their sanity. In time, a few of these
‘blessed’ ones might even ascend
from mordants to join the vampire
ranks of the abhorrants, and if
fortune favours them, in turn found
their own courts, thus spreading the
madness of the Flesh-eaters.

The kings themselves are bestial
vampires who rule over swathes of
the Mortal Realms by the strength
of their ragged courts. Completely
delusional, they have become
known as abhorrants by their
soulblighted kin. Abhorrant Ghoul
Kings are so lost in their madness
that they believe themselves to be
mortal monarchs, while Abhorrant
Archregents perceive themselves
as emperors ruling over vast
domains. When they come to a place
infested with cannibals, they see
not monsters, but star ving peasants
and soldiers eager for the hand of a
beneficent master. Each abhorrant
is more than just a delusional
beast – they are also the source of
contagious madness. Weak minds
are quickly turned, but even the

DESOLATE DOMAINS

Mordants lurk amid the ruins of
countless fallen empires, their
depraved nations bound together by
a shared madness. As the abhorrant
kings who rule over these fallow
kingdoms grow in power, so too
do their mockeries of civilisation
slowly spread their sinister influence
further across the realms.

By the beginning of the Age of
Sigmar,
the Flesh-eaters thrived
in dark corners across the Mortal
Realms. For centuries beyond count
the abhorrants had followed the
heady scent of battle, claiming for
themselves places to raise their
banners and form their courts
amidst the mayhem of war. It was
these ghoulish migrations that


PAGEBREAK
Utilising the sorcery of these gates,
there also exist sprawling Flesh-eater
alliances. Kings and their courts,
having divided up portions of the
realms, use the gates to connect
their ruinous lands. Some of the
largest of these confederations
even span multiple realms,
like the
Wargspine Citadel Grand Court.
Amidst the vast ruin of this once-
great fortification, countless courts
have arisen to infest the castle’s
great bastions, each of which exists
in a different realm. Wargspine is a
stronghold many foes have tried to
claim, though all have failed.

seeded courts from the Dreaming
Tombs of Hysh and the great
Oakbastions of Ghyran to the
Quicksilver Vales of Chamon
and Themacarn Wastes of Aqshy.
On the Penumbral Sea of Ulgu,
floating kingdoms are filled with
countless mordant shadows, while
the Splinterbridge cities of Shyish’s
carrion deltas groan under the
weight of corpulent cannibals.
Outside of Azyr,
there are few lands
within the Mortal Realms that do
not conceal a court. As mortal,
daemon and undead armies storm
through Realmgates or march across
continents to war, the Flesh-eaters
often go to battle both with and
against them.

Many courts have made their homes
around Realmgates,
learning that
these are places of battle and riches,
and the nearby lands are always
ripe for bloody harvests. Often, an
invader wi l l have no knowledge
that they are walking into a domain
claimed by an abhorrant until the
ruins around them come alive with
a thousand sets of hungry eyes.

From the perspective of the
abhorrants, the other races are
usurpers and invaders. Unholy
barbarians hammer at their gates
and slay their subjects, and thus
deserve only death. After all, it is the
duty of a good king to watch over his
people and keep them from harm.

No matter how far the mordants
and their abhorrant kings spread
throughout the realms, their
wretched presence always draws the
gaze of Nagash. The Lord of Death
has long held plans for the Flesh-
eaters. Despite the strange place they
occupy, being neither fully living
nor truly dead, Nagash considers
them his own, and there has been a
shadowy struggle fought between
the Flesh-eaters and their deathless
god over the centuries. Some have
journeyed to the Realm of Death
to kneel before the necromancer,
their kings cowed by the Death
God’s might. Many, however, have
purposefully put distance between
themselves and their would-be
overlord, fearful of the revenge the
God of Death might visit upon them.

K ing Pergrin looked down into the valley before
him, surveying the hovels and gore-filled
trenches of the enemy encampment. Writhing
amongst the filth and squalor he saw the pallid bodies
of his foe – wretched creatures all, devoid of mercy and
any semblance of civility. He had long pursued these
monstrosities. Having driven them from his lands after
years of their predations against his subjects, he had
hounded them into their squalid realm, slaughtering
them without restraint so that his kingdom might
at last be free of their curse. Now but a single band
of them remained, not more than five hundred in
number, and he had them cornered in the valley below.
Soon they would be no more, and the nightmare they
had brought to his people would finally be over.
Pergrin raised his sword arm high, then glanced
over his shoulder at the gleaming ranks of armoured
soldiers behind him.
‘Show them no mercy!’ he bellowed.
The soldiers advanced as one. Infantrymen poured
over the crest of the hill in crisp rows, moving swiftly
yet with precision fit for a parade ground. Alongside
them rode the knights of the domain, their flapping
banners proudly displaying the colours of every
fief in the kingdom. With his army in full advance,
Pergrin pressed his heels into his mount, signalling
to the griffon that it was time to fly into battle. The
magnificent beast launched itself into the air, and with

a power ful beat of its wings began soaring forwards,
over the heads of the soldiers below, down the ridge
towards the wretched enemy.
‘Show them no mercy!’ Pergrin shouted again, his
impassioned voice carrying over the clatter of arms
and armour. His loyal troops replied in kind, their
battle cry echoing across the valley…

Kastor Veldan,
last general of the Sapphire Kingdoms,
heard the inhuman snarling filtering down into the
valley. He reached for his scabbard and rushed out
of his tent, wearily trying to recall how many troops
he still had after the last engagement. Whatever the
number,
it would not be enough. Emerging through
the tent folds, the general saw the few remnants of his
once-grand army forming up for a last defence. Their
bravery could not be denied, even now, when all hope
had been dashed.
Veldan looked beyond his troops and saw the endless
swarm of Ghouls and Crypt Horrors pouring down
the ridge towards them. Flying above them upon an
undead monstrosity was the leader, the Ghoul King
who had hunted the people of the Sapphire Kingdoms
to extinction. Veldan knew that soon he and his
soldiers would be gone too, his flesh ripped from his
bones and devoured by the mad throng of the enemy.
He knew this, yet he drew his sword, stood beside his
troops, and prepared to die with honour.


PAGEBREAK
The armies of the courts surge into battle to the sound of insane howling and bellowed gibberish. But as the
slaughter wears on, and fear and madness start to take hold, the enemy begin to share in the insanity, hearing the
silver trumpets and rousing speeches that echo in the minds of the cannibals.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE CARRION KING

THE CARRION KING

From ancient vampire bloodlines were the original abhorrant kings spawned. Shunned by their kin for their
cannibalistic ways, they scattered out into the realms, weaving trails of madness through the ruins left by the Age
of Chaos and becoming the first generation of Abhorrant Ghoul Kings.

The origins of the abhorrants are
an ancient and tragic tale. During
the Age of Myth, the first abhorrant
roamed the realms. He had been
a favoured servant of Nagash, and
back then he was fair and strong,
and was surrounded by a loyal court
of knights and nobles. Wherever he
travelled, he administered justice in
the name of the Great Necromancer,
building hallowed shrines dedicated
to the worship of the God of
Death and glorious mausoleums

where departed ancestors could
be given their due. He also helped
the weak and infirm pass into the
underworlds, and took life from
tyrants who misused their mortal
existence. Before becoming the
first abhorrant, this champion was
known by many names in many
lands – Sumeros Summerking, the
Blood Rose Prince and Ushoran the
Handsome to name but a few – and
he was equally loved and feared.
Those civilisations that paid their

due to Nagash welcomed his coming,
and lined their streets with graverose
petals as he walked among them,
whereas those who usurped the
natural order of life and death were
made to feel the fu l l measure of
his wrath.

Though the truth of his ignominious
decline has been lost to the march
of time, it is believed by many that
the king fell out of favour with
Nagash and was punished with a
hideous transformation. No longer
was he welcomed as a benevolent
saviour ; instead he was shunned
and even hunted by those empires
for whom he had done so much.
Malformed and filled with anger
against his former master, he became
a monster like no other, and began
prowling the Nightlands of Shyish.
He continued to travel from land to
land, but instead of granting boons
to the Great Necromancer’s
loyal
subjects, he offered them only a
portion of his bitter malice. Such was
the devastation spread by his fur y
that scores of Nagash’s kingdoms
were destroyed, their lords slain,
their peoples torn apart and their
cities reduced to naught but ruins
and broken corpses.

Such an insult could not be borne
by Nagash, and so he ordered his
Mortarchs – most loyal and powerful
of his servants – to bring the
wayward king to heel. The Mortarchs
of Night, Sacrament and Blood
gathered their unliving armies, and
in a series of brutal wars managed
to scatter the last of the king’s
forces. The one known as Ushoran
was brought before Nagash, but
rather than obliterating his soul the
Great Necromancer imprisoned his
former servant in a prison called the
Shroudcage. A towering edifice of
broken promises,
its walls reflected
endless untruths upon the king,
reducing him to a raving wreck, as
twisted in mind as he was in body.
So the king might have stayed for


PAGEBREAK
all eternity, had not the God-King
Sigmar descended from Azyr. In
the first years of the Age of Chaos,
Sigmar invaded the Realm of Death,
incensed by Nagash’s perceived
betrayal at the Allpoints. During
Sigmar’s rampage through the Great
Necromancer’s domain, his armies
brought down the bastion that
held the Shroudcage, unwittingly
allowing the thing that would
become known as the Carrion King
to scuttle forth from the ruin.

Loosed into the shadows, the first
abhorrant began to build his court
once more. He found those knights
who had survived the wars against
Nagash’s Mortarchs – those who
were still loyal to their sovereign
lord – and upon them he bestowed a
portion of his grand madness, before
setting out to travel the lands once
more. In his insanity,
the Carrion
King believed himself the benevolent
champion he once had been, when in
truth he had become more monstrous
than ever. Cities of cowering mortals,
tomb-fortresses of undead warriors
and invading Chaos armies, all had
the abhorrant’s kindness visited
upon them, and were left broken and
butchered. The Carrion King found
a willing source of servants amongst
lost and depraved mortal cannibals
– and in those times such wretches
were plentiful indeed. With his
blood he created sycophants to sing

his praises from the foot of his dark
throne, and many of these in turn
went on to create their own courts.
So it is that each Flesh-eater Court
is a reflection of the First Court,
their abhorrants trying to recreate in
madness the memories passed on to
them through blood.

It was during this same age that
Nagash was laid low by Archaon,
the Everchosen of the Chaos Gods.
The Great Necromancer was not
destroyed completely, and was
spirited away by his Mortarchs to
the underworld of Stygxx, there
to slowly regain his sundered
power. Nonetheless,
in his absence
the empire of the Carrion King
expanded greatly. The abhorrants
he created spread throughout
Shyish before travelling through the
Realmgates to found kingdoms in
far-distant
lands. Like all inhabitants
of the Mortal Realms, these courts
were set upon by the armies of
the Dark Gods, but where most
civilisations crumbled to dust under
the relentless advance of Chaos, the
Flesh-eaters thrived. For every army
of mordants that were hacked apart
or set ablaze by idolatrous warriors,
more were raised from the pitiful
masses that had been left to wither
and die in the ruins of once-glorious
cities. United by the madness of an
abhorrant, these mordants turned
their hunger into a deadly weapon.

During the Age of Chaos, when
anarchy and ruination abounded,
what few tales were told of the
Carrion King came to an abrupt
end. Though the influence of
his derangement persisted and
continued to grow, his whereabouts
became completely unknown. More
mysterious sti l l are his motives and
loyalties, for none can truly say
whether the Carrion King continues
to rage against Nagash, or if in
his madness he believes himself
to be in the Great Necromancer’s
good graces. Many of those courts
descended from him fight alongside
the undead armies of the Mortarchs,
but others attack the servants of
Nagash on sight. Those whose
cursed lineage is least removed from
the Carrion King sti l l
live within
the ruins of his ancient kingdom
deep within Shyish. In them, the
curse of the king is strong, and their
collective madness feeds off and
permeates the land. The fur ther
from this ruinous empire the courts
stray,
the more their delusions
diverge from that of the Carrion
King, though the degree of their
insanity remains undiminished.

The fu l l truth of Ushoran’s
tale has
been forgotten by a l l but one: the
Great Necromancer.
Indeed, Nagash
remembers well what transpired,
and sti l l seeks his former champion
across the Mortal Rea lms.

THE FIRST COURT

Before his descent into madness, a court of knights and
nobles followed Ushoran on his journeys. Drawn from
different corners of the realms, this court comprised
the finest and most noble of warrior lords, and together
they rode resplendent as glorious children of the night.
Some were peerless statesmen, entrusted by their liege
to impart chivalry to the kingdoms to which they
travelled. Others were mighty warlords, commanded
to defend the meek and eradicate the unjust. These
knights were still unshakeably devoted to their king,
even after he had been afflicted by Nagash’s
curse,
fighting alongside him as he waged war throughout
Shyish. When the Mortarchs were sent to apprehend
Ushoran, his court fought to the bitter end. Many
died, others were scattered, yet even in defeat they
remained loyal.

Some believe it was the knights of the court that lured
Sigmar towards the stronghold where their liege was

imprisoned. Freed from the Shroudcage, the Carrion
King gathered those who had been his courtiers to
his side once more, passing his insanity to them and
making them the First Court in his resurrected empire.
Lord Marrowbroth took up his position of old as
protector of the Carrion King, gathering elite mordants
to his ragged banner to ensure no harm would again
befall the sovereign. The swift and secretive Baron
Gizzard commanded Ghouls in great patrols around
the borders of his lord’s burgeoning lands, seeking
out enemies who dared draw near and slaughtering
any who let their guard down. These and others were
the first of the Carrion King’s cursed descendants,
and they carved out a gruesome domain in Shyish
during the Age of Chaos before spreading out into the
realms to found new courts of their own. Of this initial
generation of abhorrants,
little else is known, their
histories lost beneath a veil of time and madness. It is
said that some travel the realms as Archregents, and
that others fight beside the Carrion King to this day.


PAGEBREAK
COURTS OF
DELUSION

COURTS OF DELUSION

Just as in any mortal court, an abhorrant king’s followers are each assigned a station under his beneficent rule.
Lords and courtiers command soldiers, servants and peasants, with all mordants accepting their rank and role
within the infectious madness of their masters.

A sane observer looking upon a
Flesh-eater Court sees only a nest of
bestial cannibalism and mindless
horror. Wretched Crypt Ghouls root
around in piles of reeking dead, their
filthy claws picking decaying meat
from rancid bones while they snarl
and spit at each other in a guttural
tongue. Packs of towering Crypt
Horrors, Haunters and their kin
loom in the shadows like deathless
guardians, darting into the press of
ghouls to claim whole corpses at will.
The mass of pallid bodies writhes
like a cluster of maggots, and the air
grows ever thicker with the stench
of decrepitude.

Yet beneath this macabre veneer is
an even more nightmarish truth. In
the midst of this pit of monsters sits
the Abhorrant Ghoul King upon a
throne of mortal remains. Tall and
powerful, ever ything about the king
screams that he is a bestial predator,
from his lithe, corded muscles to the
dark hunger in his inhuman gaze.
However,
this is not how he appears
to himself or his followers. They see
him upon a gilt throne in a great
hall. Next to him, his men-at-arms
stand to attention or spar, ready
for the call to war. Servants scurr y
about preparing another feast for
their lord, or attend to the running
of the kingdom. His thronging
subjects are hale and hearty, well
fed on the bounteous produce of his
ordered lands. The yawning chasm
between truth and perception is
fuelled by a singular, all-consuming
delusion, emanating from the
twisted mind of the Ghoul King to
infect every mordant in his presence.
They believe themselves sane and
civilised, and are incapable of seeing
their own abject wretchedness.

Within the madness of a Flesh-eater
Court, each individual has their role.
The king is lord and master of all,
an absolute monarch of a deranged
nation. Sometimes, he might create
other abhorrants to share in this

glory, though they usually remain
subservient to his desires. Those
that do are known as sycophants,
and can range from a single ‘heir’
to the throne to a whole brood of
bloodsuckers taking on the roles
and titles of the king’s doting family.
For example,
in the first Flesh-eater
Court established by the Carrion
King, the Giblet Prince was the heir
apparent and closest to his sovereign.
The Offal Queen oversaw the
bloodnurseries, caring for the newest
of the brood, and making sure they
fed regularly on the red bounty their
father provided. Then there were
the Sweetbread Princelings, chosen
companions of the Giblet Prince,
charged by the king to keep his heir
safe, be it in the madness of battle
or out on a hunt. Similar hierarchies
exist in other courts, with some
even sharing the names and titles of
those first sycophants – these are the
courts in which the Carrion King’s
delusion persists in its purest form.

Beyond the inner circle of a Ghoul
King, favoured mordants see to
the daily running of the court.
Above all other mordants reign the
Varghulf Courtiers, the greatest

of which sometimes carries the
ancient title of Marquis Gruelsop.
Ferocious agents of the court, they
lead the Royal Mordants, and are
often trusted by their king with
command of the court’s armies.
Crypt Infernal Courtiers and
Crypt Haunter Courtiers are field
commanders and earn titles like
the Lord Marrowbroth or the Lord
Liverbelch, overseeing the soldiers
of the Deadwatch and the Abattoir
respectively. The traditional position
of Lord Chamberslough is held
by a Crypt Haunter Courtier who
rules over the Lickspittles keeping
order at court. Then there are the
monikers of Marquis Retchbile
and Baron Gizzard, Crypt Ghast
Courtiers who stand as marshals for
the king’s massed mordant armies,
be it the stalwart and proud ranks
of the King’s Ghouls or the stealthy
Ghoul Patrol.

Each Flesh-eater Court is a discrete
kingdom, yet all swear allegiance
to the Carrion King. In his absence,
the mightiest of all abhorrants see
his wi l l fulfilled across the realms.
These Abhorrant Archregents
rule over vast empires comprising
many separate courts, collecting
flesh-tithes from the Ghoul Kings
beneath them and delivering insane
proclamations with the authority
of their lord. Some allow their
subservient Ghoul Kings to act
autonomously in pursuing their
gruesome agendas, insisting only
that these lesser abhorrants provide
their Archregent with worthy gifts.
Others choose to oversee all matters
within their empires, keeping close
watch over their manifold holdings
and a short leash on their petty
Ghoul Kings. To a sane mind, a
domain ruled by such an Archregent
is like a continent-sized abattoir,
with multiple courts working in
unison to butcher and devour all
who step inside their borders. In
these nightmarish empires, the air
itself seethes with madness.


PAGEBREAK
Sycophants and mordants grovel before the throne of their sovereign, offering up grotesque gifts as a sign of fealty.
The nightmarish sight is complemented by the reek of blood and offal, though in the eyes of the Flesh-eaters it is a
stately affair in which each perfumed noble makes a grandiose display of their loyalty to the court.


PAGEBREAK
Revenants of the Ravaged Lands

REVENANTS OF THE RAVAGED LANDS

The Mortal Realms are host to many and varied Flesh-eater Courts. The greatest number reside in Shyish, for it was
here that the Carrion King’s insanity first took hold; but as subsequent generations of abhorrants spread further
they found cannibals susceptible to madness scattered throughout the lands that had been ravaged by Chaos.

ENDLESS FEEDING
GROUNDS

During the Age of Chaos, the realms
suffered greatly. Bloodthirsty killers
turned glittering continents into
reeking charnel houses, and dark
wizards loosed storms of sorcery
that warped the landscape beyond
recognition. In the wake of terrible
wars, many lands became ripe for the
slow, terrifying transformation into a
Flesh-eater kingdom. Stumbling and
shaking, the survivors of these fallen
states emerged from the ruins of their
once-great civilisations, only to face
new and insidious threats. Starvation
and madness took their toll, and
the creatures turned to murder and
cannibalism to survive. In time,
packs of scavengers arose from
among the survivors to prey upon
their erstwhile kin, and the darkness
beyond the campfires of marauding
Chaos armies was filled with pale
horrors and the sickening crunch and
slurp of bones being devoured. To the
abhorrants, the call of these hungry
children was like a siren’s
song, and
whether it took days, years or even
centuries, a deranged ruler eventually
arrived at each of these pits of despair
and depravity to bring about a
macabre transformation.

This sinister process still plays out
in famished and forsaken territories
across the Mortal Realms. In a dark
mockery of the kingdom that came
before, an abhorrant will swiftly
set about creating, in his own
delusional mind, a functioning state.
Ragged pennants of flesh are hung
above crumbling ruins. Scouting
parties range out across the land,
establishing fresh borders for their
lord’s armies to defend and seeking
out plentiful hunting grounds with
which to feed the populace. In the
broken remains of cities, nests of
ghouls take up residence, stockpiling
food and weapons. These offal pits
and midden heaps are the treasure
houses of the court, and are closely
guarded. More than one foe has
battled their way bitterly through

waves of frenzied Flesh-eaters
expecting lost riches or precious
grave goods, only to find craters filled
with rotting meat and broken bones.

have faced the Flesh-eaters enough
times in battle to recognise the
focused intelligence that underpins
their savagery.

An Abhorrant Ghoul King is always
ready for an attack against his lands.
Whether he believes himself the
master of a mighty fortress – which
in reality is a crumbling castle long
since abandoned by the conquerors
that put it to the torch – or a nomad
prince encamped for a time to secure
supplies, he will ferociously protect
what is his. Like knights of the realm,
Crypt Flayers soar over the court’s
domain, drawn by the hissing cries
of the Ghoul Patrol. These flying
terrors shadow those who would
defile their master’s kingdom, while
ghoul hosts lay cunning ambushes
in the invader’s path. United by their
delusion, Flesh-eater armies show a
level of coordination that is belied by
their gruesome appearance, and that
has been the doom of countless foes.

THE MORTAL COIL

The other denizens of the Mortal
Realms are only dimly aware of the
madness afflicting the Flesh-eaters.
In the eyes of most humans, aelves
and duardin, they are grotesque
and bestial creatures, driven by
their insatiable hunger and utterly
incapable of rational thought.
The truth of their dark insanity is
known only to those scholars who
have deciphered the scrawls of
mordants, and to those veterans who

In a similar fashion, when an
abhorrant looks to the lands
bordering his kingdom, he does not
see the embattled nations and savage
hordes that surround him for what
they really are. In his mind’s eye,
these other mortals are twisted to
fit his delusion, their appearance,
words and motives mangled beyond
recognition. Many a Freeguild
caravan has passed through the
desolate barrens of an abhorrant’s
kingdom, believing the ruin-scape
to be devoid of life, only to be set
upon by tearing claws and chomping
teeth. To the Ghoul King and his
mordants these interlopers appear
as roving barbarian hordes, come to
pilfer their granaries and abscond
with their livestock. Similarly,
the
king’s courtiers may be sent to
butcher a nearby Arcanite Cult as it
weaves profane sorceries and gives
praise to Tzeentch, or to feast on the
flesh of an ancient Slann attempting
to conjure its saurus armies. But
in the mind of the abhorrant he is
simply sending the most learned
nobles of his court to impart the
spiritual wisdom of his kingdom
to his parochial and somewhat
backwards neighbours.

So warped in body and mind are
the Flesh-eaters that most other
mortals do what they can to avoid
them entirely. The Idoneth Deepkin
are particularly war y of them, for
their memory magics have little
effect on those so disconnected
from reality. Amongst the Anvils
of the Heldenhammer, certain
Lord-Ordinators have used their
scr ying powers to glimpse the minds
of abhorrants. They have seen the
noble intent that lies behind so
many of these creatures’ actions, yet
the enormities of the Ghoul Kings’
deeds puts them beyond any hope
of redemption.


PAGEBREAK
OUTPOURING OF
MADNESS

As abhorrants spread their insanity
across the Mortal Realms, their
delusions manifested in different
ways. To the untrained eye, the
courts that have formed are equally
depraved, yet the horrors endured
by each nation of cannibals var y in
their grotesqueness. Even in their
basest state, a part of each wretch’s
mind clung to the glory of who their
ancestors had once been – before the
coming of Chaos and the ravages of
war – and it was to these memories
that the abhorrants anchored
their insanity.

In Ulgu there had been vast
networks of kingdoms for whom
open war was anathema to their
way of life. These shadow kingdoms
fought each other with words and
secrets, seeding spies amongst their
rivals’ retainers and using rumour
and misdirection to support or
undermine as they saw fit. Faced
with the armies of the Dark Gods,
these peoples were swiftly overrun,
their extraordinary guile doing little
to save them from the blade. Those
who survived as cannibals clung
to their culture of intrigue, and
when swayed to the wi l l of a mighty
Archregent lost all memory that
their whispering existence had ever
been interrupted. The abhorrants
that now rule these kingdoms send
their courtiers to learn the heart of
their rival or bend the ear of their
ally, and the courtiers dutifully
return to their sovereign bearing
the mangled heart of an invading
warlord or a severed head to be set at
the foot of their Ghoul King’s throne.

Throughout Ghyran there were
nations of people who dwelt
amongst the verdant forests. They
ate only that which they grew in
their hanging gardens, and made
alliances with those alongside whom
they lived, such as the Sylvaneth
of Dreadwood Glade. When the
armies of Nurgle invaded, blights
and plagues ran rampant throughout
the forest, and the peoples were
forced to hunt down and eat those
not yet afflicted or face starvation.
This barbarity was unimaginable to
the Ghyranites, so their minds were
easily bent into believing that they

still
live a peaceful existence – they
continue to think they are at one
with nature, even as they hack and
devour their former Sylvaneth allies.

These and countless other delusions
exist throughout the realms,
leading
to vast kingdoms that are blind to
their own atrocities. Though their
once-glorious nations were brought
to an apocalyptic end by the Age of
Chaos, the Flesh-eaters believe that
they held firm against the darkness,
maintaining their values while the
world around them went mad.

NO REST FOR THE
WICKED

The underworlds of Shyish are
carved out of the collective belief of
myriad mortals. A given culture’s
conception of the afterlife is formed
from the raw amethyst magic of
the Realm of Death, and it is to this
land that the souls of that culture
go upon their death. The mordants
of the courts – despite their deathly
pallor – are living creatures
possessed of souls, and in the depths
of their insanity still hold to the
beliefs of their old culture regarding
the afterlife.

So it was that when a new court was
formed, the afterlife into which its
mordants passed when they died
remained largely unchanged. Courts
who believed themselves to be
pastoral fiefdoms had underworlds
in which spirits dwelt amongst lush
fields, spending days rearing herds

of livestock and nights making
merry with their fellow honoured
dead. Similarly, mordants who saw
themselves as gallant beastslayers
spent their afterlife slaughtering
endless series of monstrosities,
holding aloft the severed heads
as commoners showered them
with flower petals. Many of these
underworlds were reserved for
those who lived pure and just lives,
cleaving to chivalric codes and
resisting temptation. Conversely,
an afterlife of torment and penance
awaited those who strayed from
the path of honour. But in their
deranged minds, mordants saw
themselves as paragons of virtue,
shielding the weak from evil while
remaining untouched by corruption.
This could not be further from the
truth, yet their unshakable belief
in the nobility of their actions
ensured that, upon death, they
pass blissfully into an underworld
alongside the other souls of their
decayed civilisation.

Since the Shyish necroquake, which
saw a wave of unfettered death
energy blasted across the Mortal
Realms, the underworlds of the
Flesh-eaters have undergone a
marked change. Where once the
souls of mordants passed into death
as untainted souls, they have now
begun carr ying the horrifying reality
of their existence with them into the
afterlife. Upon parting with its body,
a mordant’s
spirit no longer becomes
a manifestation of the civilised being
it believes itself to be. Instead it takes
the form of a frenzied gheist that
mercilessly cannibalises the other
souls that share its underworld. In
this way, the underworlds of the
courts have become grim mirrors of
their living kingdoms – nightmarish
domains that are seen as paradise
by their demented inhabitants. Vast
regions of Shyish have succumbed
to this insanity, and where once
there were great swathes of peaceful
Flesh-eater underworlds, there are
now continent-spanning hellscapes
through which hungering spectres
prowl. Such is the force of the
Flesh-eaters’ delusion that dead
mordants may not even notice their
own incorporeality, and may rise
en masse to fight alongside their
still-living brethren.


PAGEBREAK
Indentured to Death

INDENTURED TO DEATH

Nagash casts a dark shadow over the Realm of Death. The Great Necromancer claims all who toil under his gaze,
including the mordants and their kings. Yet to the mordants Nagash is as much nemesis as he is deity, and for
every ghoul who offers him fealty, another hates the God of Death with maddened fervour.

Just as they are varied in the
delusions they spread, abhorrants
are divided in their view of the Great
Necromancer. Some revere Nagash
as a benevolent emperor and seek
him out, hopeful of finding solace in
his strength. Others loathe him as a
force of destruction or dominance,
forever fearfu l that Nagash is their
doom or is seeking to cage them.
Abhorrants either fawn at Nagash’s
feet or hide from his gaze in order to
better pursue their own agendas. To
all Flesh-eaters, however, Nagash’s
godhood is utterly undeniable.

From bone-thick feeding grounds,
those courts allied to Nagash look
up to crumbling statues of the
Great Necromancer, offering their
praise through mouthfuls of rotting
meat. They do not see the grim and
fleshless visage of a heartless god
car ved into the stone, but a divine
face with piercing eyes, watching
over the landscape with majestic
authority.
In the delusion of some
abhorrant kings, Nagash appears
as a beneficent deity wrapped in
flowing golden robes, or wearing
a shining crown as he smiles
down from the sky. To honour
their god, many courts have built
shrines among the ruins of their
kingdoms, such as the Corpsefane
of the Nightlands, covered with ten
thousand flayed faces, all stitched
together with the same expression
of rapture.

Those courts that hold Nagash in
divine regard fight wi l ling ly in the
armies of the dead. Mordants scuttle
alongside clattering ranks of skeletal
warriors and hordes of shambling
deadwalkers,
looking upon their
allies as curiously uniformed
soldiery from neighbouring
kingdoms. Soulblight Vampires
issue orders in a seductive tongue,
but the magic-tinged words that
compel the undead have little effect
on the Flesh-eaters. Instead, the
shared madness of the mordants
leads them to hear only rousing

speeches, stirring their hearts to new
heights of bravery before they charge
gallantly towards the foe. However,
the deathless generals that command
such combined armies do not look
upon the Flesh-eaters with the same
reverence. Vampires, Wight Kings
and Necromancers respect the
raw savagery of the mordants they
lead, but are war y of the madness
that infects their minds. Outside
of the abhorrants themselves, no
warlord could completely control
such insanity.

Amongst the Flesh-eaters, the most
fervent worshippers of Nagash see
all other deities as pretenders. These
courts march across the realms,
tearing down graven images of false
gods and slaughtering idolaters. The
mordants of the Hollowmourne
Grand Court are renowned for their
zealotr y in this regard, smashing
the profane icons borne to battle by
Chaos Lords, toppling the altars to
Gorkamorka built up by greenskin
tribes, and sacking cities in which
statues to Sigmar have been erected.
The bones of those slaughtered by
the Hollowmourne mordants are
then fused together into an effigy of
the Great Necromancer,
for in this
way the newly conquered lands are
deemed to be consecrated.

By contrast, those courts that
distrust Nagash wi l l travel as far
away from the Realm of Death as
possible in an attempt
to escape the
gaze of Nagash. Many of these courts
would sooner face destruction or
famine out in the wilds of the Mortal
Realms than bow before him, and
wi l l go to great lengths to stay one
step ahead of the God of Death.
Some are forever on the move,
like the Gluttonous Carnival. Its
roving corpse caravans, heavy with
scavenged meat, endlessly rumble
across the land as they tr y to evade
their imagined pursuers. Others
construct vast fortresses,
like the
Witherclaw in Ghyran. Though
its high walls exist only in its

inhabitants’
imaginations,
its bone
palisades and blood moats are real
enough, and make it a formidable
bastion that is fiercely defended
against any suspected servant of
Nagash sent to bring them to heel.

As much as their perceptions of
Nagash differ, so too do the Flesh-
eaters view the Great Necromancer’s
empire in Shyish through various
lenses of madness. Some see the
Shyish Nadir not as a plunging abyss
in the heart of the realm, but as a
soaring mountain atop which sits a
paradisaic domain. To others, the
yawning maw is the mouth of a great
beast that they must ride out to slay,
or a sacred prison in which Nagash
himself is incarcerated.

Though every member of a Flesh-
eater Court has been affected by
the abhorrant’s curse, and has
therefore been instilled with
madness born of death magic,
mordants themselves are not dead.
Their wretched existence can best
be described as teetering on the
edge of the grave – neither dead
nor undead, but possessed of only
the most grotesque semblance of
life. As such, they are immune to
the power Nagash wields over all
dead things. With a whispered
command, the Great Necromancer
can order vast legions of skeletons
and billowing armies of gheists to
do his bidding, but his words have
no hold on the lingering mortality
of the mordants. Abhorrants, on
the other hand, are vampires, and
as such the ca l l of Nagash resounds
within the tattered remnants of their
souls. However,
the insanity carried
by abhorrants gives them a certain
degree of immunity from the Lord of
Undeath,
for though his wi l l cannot
directly be denied, his words are
twisted beyond recognition in the
warped minds of the Ghoul Kings
and Archregents. In this way,
it is
the same curse that Nagash inflicted
that keeps the descendants of the
Carrion King from being controlled.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The Coming of the Soul Wars

THE COMING OF THE SOUL WARS

The Flesh-eaters arose from the horrors of the Age of Chaos. Where other mortals races were brought to the brink
of annihilation, the mordants grew steadily in number. But this time of expansion was not to last, for a storm was
gathering in the heavens that threatened to wash away all the abhorrants had built.

As the forces of the Dark Gods were
approaching total domination over
the Mortal Realms, Sigmar opened
the Gates of Azyr and sent forth
his Stormcast Eternals. Great forks
of lightning lanced down across
the realms and peals of thunder
resounded throughout reality as the
Stormhosts marched to battle. In
a series of brutal campaigns, they
wrested control of vital Realmgates
from the servants of Chaos, allowing
the scattered survivors of embattled
civilisations to be united once more
in defence of the realms. To the
beleaguered humans, aelves and
duardin, the Stormcast Eternals
were an embodiment of hope, a
manifestation of the God-King’s
implacable wi l l sent to lead them
out of their darkest hour. But to
the Flesh-eaters, the sigmarite-
clad warriors were something far
more sinister.

The Stormcast Eternals drove back
not only the Chaos-worshipping
hordes, but all who opposed Sigmar’s
law. Greenskin tribes were hunted
down and butchered, undead legions
were shattered and sent back to their
graves, and the kingdoms of the
Flesh-eaters were besieged. Where
the abhorrants had once reigned
supreme, their madness spreading
through ever-growing numbers
of desperate wretches, they were
now forced to defend their borders
on multiple fronts – against the
savagery of the Chaos warbands, and
against the newly galvanised forces
of Order. In the warped minds of the
abhorrants and their subjects, the
Stormcast Eternals were not noble
warriors, but morbid abominations,
wrought from dead flesh and imbued
with unnatural
life. The Flesh-eaters
won many great victories over the
Stormhosts, yet those foes they cut
down were returned to life between
battles, with the Stormcast Eternals
who had been reforged multiple
times appearing to the mordants as
cadaverous monsters in increasing
states of decrepitude.

A TIME OF PORTENTS

Through long years of brutal conflict,
the armies of Sigmar’s pantheon
clawed their way back from the
point of obliteration. The servants
of the Dark Gods still pursued their
nightmarish campaigns across the
Mortal Realms, and greenskin and
ogor tribes continued to carve great
swathes of devastation throughout
the lands, but the dying embers of
hope had been rekindled within
many mortal peoples. As the endless
wars raged on, and the number of
slain rose ever higher, the realms
were visited with new phenomena.
Soothsayers, scryers, prophets and
priests started to see deathly portents
hinting at some great calamity that
was soon to come. These visions were
followed by physical manifestations
– gheists burst from cracks in
ancient tombs and the unquiet dead
began clawing their way up from the
grave in greater numbers than ever
before. It quickly became apparent
that this was the result of some
dreadful power emanating from the
heart of Shyish.

Nagash had watched as the denizens
of the Mortal Realms fought and
died. The soul of every living being
was his by right, to be given over
at the point of death, but no small
number were being denied him,
siphoned off by gods and sorcerers.
Sigmar had stolen the souls of
fearsome warriors to create his
Stormcast Eternals, binding them
to his service so that they would
not pass into the underworlds
when struck down, and through
arcane rituals the aelves also kept
the souls of their departed from
passing to Nagash. Such affronts
could not be borne, and so the Great
Necromancer began gathering
the realmstone of Shyish. From
it he constructed an enormous
inverted pyramid, towards which
the death energy of the entire realm
was drawn, before being blasted
outwards in an apocalyptic eruption
that rippled across existence.

THE DEAD ARISE

In the wake of the Shyish
necroquake, the souls of the dead
pour from ancient cr ypts and mass
graves across the Mortal Realms.
But where Nagash planned to
raise a Nighthaunt army beholden
to his wi l l, the death magic he
unleashed was tainted by the touch
of Chaos. Many of the risen gheists
were twisted and misshapen, and
instead of answering the Great
Necromancer’s call, they now roam
wild, taking out their mindless
torment on all in their path. This
same corruption has augmented
arcane energies across the realms in
terr ifying ways, birthing anarchic
spells that never perish. Though
Nagash’s master stroke was soured,
he has sti l l brought about a time of
dread – the Soul Wars – in which
the followers of Sigmar,
the armies
of the Dark Gods and the greenskin
hordes face an unending tide
of death.

Amongst the courts, the spectral
uprisings are seen as holy events.
Each court filters the grim
phenomena through the prism
of their specific madness, but all
believe that the unleashing of the
underworlds into the other realms is
a sign of a golden age of prosperity.
In the vicinity of many courts,
Nighthaunt processions tear across
the lands, slaughtering the living
with ghostly blades and incorporeal
talons, and leaving naught in their
wake but barren fields strewn with
corpses. The Ghoul Kings see these
processions as jovial communities
of peasants, coming to harvest the
crops that surround their kingdoms,
and this delusion is given credence
when every mordant is able to feast
on the bounty that the Nighthaunts
have provided.

To other courts, the teeming gheists
are seen as learned ancestors and
famed warriors returning to the
mortal coil in the Flesh-eaters’ hour
of need. Mordants fight alongside


PAGEBREAK
thrashing Chainrasp hordes and
whirling masses of Spirit Hosts
against their common enemies, and
in their madness the Flesh-eaters
hear words of ancient wisdom
and cries of encouragement in the
wailing of the Nighthaunts.

Some courts have been overrun
completely by the spectral
processions, their feeding grounds
now awash with unthinking gheists.
In these places the Nighthaunts
attack the Flesh-eaters with as much
malice as they would any other
living foe, perhaps remembering
that their death came at the hands of
these cannibals, or perhaps because
it suits the wi l l of Nagash. But even
these courts believe themselves to
be celebrating a time of prosperity.
Where they battle against untamed
spirits their madness has them
participating in tournaments, and
those Flesh-eaters that are slain are
believed to have simply retired from
the contest to dr ink and make merry
with their new friends.

SAINTS AND GODS

Of all the newly unleashed gheists,
the most terrifying is Lady Olynder,
Nagash’s Mortarch of Grief. Calling
out across the realms, she summons
the anarchic Nighthaunt processions
back to Shyish that they may be
united as a single, unstoppable army.
All mortals who gaze upon her are
filled with soul-crushing woe, their
every thought ripped from their
mind and replaced with visions of
sorrow – all, that is, except for the
crazed Flesh-eaters. They see her
not as a bringer of misery, but as a
shining beacon of hope, a warrior
saint who is the living embodiment
of majesty. Instead of sobbing grief-
stricken before her, many mordants
and even abhorrants bow at her hem
in respectful praise. More than one
court has followed the processions of
Lady Olynder to war, believing her to
be a saviour sent by Nagash – or else
the anointed champion of whatever
gods their madness leads them to
believe in – and they fight in her
name with zealous fervour.

Some courts revere Nagash’s other
Mortarchs with similar ardour.
Neferata, Mortarch of Blood, is a
master seducer and manipulator, yet
she is viewed as a peerless diplomat,
travelling from empire to empire
convincing tyrants and warlords
to set aside their petty differences.
Mannfred, Mortarch of Night, wages
wars of cruelty and terror, but to
some Flesh-eaters he is the noblest of
generals, winning grand campaigns
through compassion and unflinching
civility. Arkhan, Mortarch of
Sacrament,
is the greatest of
Nagash’s
students, second only to
his master in his abilities with death
magic, but to certain abhorrants and
mordants is a beneficent scholar,
seeking to spread his wisdom to the
corners of the realms. Even to those
courts who fear and despise Nagash,
these Mortarchs may still be upheld
as living saints. These Flesh-eaters
do not see the Mortarchs as servants
of Nagash, but as divine beings
come to herald the return of the
Carrion King.


PAGEBREAK
TALES OF MADNESS

TALES OF MADNESS

Just as decay claims a mouldering corpse, the Flesh-eaters have spread out to infest the ruins of the Mortal
Realms. Theirs are the deeds witnessed not by scholars and wise men, but by the desperate and hopeless, who
either join their fiendish ranks or are devoured by courts of madmen.

AGE OF MYTH

THE FIRST DELUSION

Sigmar awakens from his slumber
and begins travelling the Mortal
Realms. Those primitive tribes he
encounters are gifted with great
wisdom and knowledge, and
fledging nations swiftly expand into
sprawling civilisations. Amongst the
peoples raised up by the God-King
are whole kingdoms who proclaim
this age of prosperity wi l l never
end. This mindset is passed down
through the generations, and it is the
descendants of these merry believers
who wi l l ultimately prove most
susceptible to the abhorrants’ curse.

NOBILITY IN DEATH

The pantheon formed by Sigmar
rules over the Mortal Realms,
slaying the mighty godbeasts that
roam the land and driving savage
monstrosities beyond the borders
of civilisation. Each god in the
pantheon has many servants, and
amongst those champions loyal to
Nagash is a king known by countless
names. A warrior, general and
statesmen of great renown, this king
travels far and wide, accompanied
always by his court of noble
knights. By his deeds Nagash gains
worshippers in the furthest reaches
of the Eight Realms.

CRACKS IN SANITY

A growing shadow creeps over the
lands as mortal nations examine
their neighbours with jealousy,
resentment and suspicion. Where
once cooperation and community
flourished, now the races of humans,
duardin, aelves and orruks become
increasingly factionalised, trusting
only in their kindred, and sometimes
not even that. But such animosity
is not entirely natural – the Dark
Gods look to the Mortal Realms
from beyond the veil of reality,
and through the hairline cracks in
existence they exert their influence,
stirring latent malevolent emotions
to sudden fervour.

THE SHROUDCAGE

Just as the Mortal Realms are
beginning to devolve into anarchy,
the bond between Nagash and
his champion transforms into
animosity. After being disfigured,
Ushoran turns upon his master,
using his knowledge of the Great
Necromancer’s empires to wage a
devastating series of campaigns.
Eventually,
the Carrion King – as he
comes to be known – is bested, and is
imprisoned within the Shroudcage,
there to rot in undying anguish.

AGE OF CHAOS

THE MADNESS OF THE
CANNIBAL KING

After Nagash’s betrayal of Sigmar
during the opening stages of the Age
of Chaos, the God-King rampages
through Shyish, and in doing so
topples the bastion that holds the
Shroudcage. Ushoran escapes his
prison and his madness begins to
spread unchecked across the realms.
Now utterly insane, the abhorrant’s
twisted view of the world manifests
in various ways, with some of those
afflicted by his delusion pledging
themselves wholeheartedly to
Nagash, while others swear oaths to
lay low the Great Necromancer.

NOBLE BEASTS

In Shyish, beastmen of the
Slatehorns Greatfray roam the
mountain range known as Betrayer’s
Barrier, slaughtering the dragons
that roost in those peaks. Word
of this reaches the abhorrants of
the Morgaunt Grand Court – who
believe the Shyishan dragons to be
majestic gryphons – and together
they amass their ghoul armies
and march on the Barrier. After a
long and gruelling campaign, the
Slatehorns are eradicated, though
not before they have slain the last of
the dragons. Three of the Morgaunt
Ghoul Kings pay their respects to the
winged creatures, praying that they
wi l l continue to soar through the
skies as magnificently in the afterlife.
By some miracle, the creatures are
resurrected, and henceforth serve as
mounts for the Ghoul Kings.

CLEANSED BY BLOOD

In their continual migrations,
Flesh-eaters of the Hollowmourne
Grand Court come across a horde
of Bloodreavers indulging in a
cannibalistic feast. The Flesh-eaters
are repulsed by the sight, believing
the Khornate savages to be knights
from an infidel kingdom, gorging
themselves on unclean meats. The
mordants charge their foes, wiping
them out to a man, then proceed
to consecrate the battlefield by
devouring the bodies of those
they have slain, as well as the
corpses that had been part of the
Bloodreavers’
feast.

STAR-CROSSED

As the madness of the Flesh-
eaters takes hold over more of
the realms, the ancient Slann
Starmaster Tesolesalak lays siege to
the Dreamgheist courts in Hysh.
But when Tesolesalak advances
further into the Flesh-eaters’
domain, he finds himself engaged
on a battlefield that is surrounded
by a score of Charnel Thrones.
The raw insanity emanating from
these grim constructs seeps across


PAGEBREAK
the battle lines, and before long
even the Starmaster’s
inscrutable
mind is being gnawed at by the
Dreamgheists’ delusion. As the
battle rages on, the saurus and skink
warriors conjured from Tesolesalak’s
mind become more and more
deranged, appearing not as mighty
soldiers, but as twisted monstrosities
who attack their enemies and their
allies with equal fervour.

AGE OF SIGMAR

CLOUDED MINDS

The God-King Sigmar opens the
Gates of Azyr and sends forth his
Stormhosts, halting the Chaos
advance on many fronts. Though
bitter wars continue to rage, there
is much rejoicing throughout the
realms, for in the Stormcast Eternals
do the beleaguered mortals see their
salvation. But not so the Flesh-
eaters – in their mangled minds they
see only darkness in the gathering
thunderheads, and to them the
glistening ranks of sigmarite-clad
warriors are but honourless cut-
throats in the armies of a false god.

BALANCE OF POWER

Deep in the Ghurish Gnarlwood, the
abhorrant known as the Nightstalker
sends his mordants to eradicate a
tribe of Bonesplitter orruks. Since
time immemorial, the Bonesplitterz
have preyed on the gargantuan
carnivores that prowl the ancient
forest, but the Nightstalker sees
them as lowly poachers, flouting
his sovereignty by hunting in his
royal grounds. Hundreds of ghouls
descend upon the Bonesplitterz
encampment, and in gruesome
battle they tear the orruks limb from
limb before feasting on the mangled
green flesh. With their predators
annihilated, the population of
giant beasts within the Gnarlwood
explodes, spilling out into the
surrounding territories. The Astral
Templars – already stretched to their
limit against the Chaos hordes in the
region – are forced to divert several
Strike Chambers to contain the
savage stampedes.

WAGES OF DEATH

A Kharadron sky-fleet out of Barak-
Urbaz is approached by a pallid

envoy. He tells them that his king
wi l l pay fifty thousand gold coins to
the mercenaries if they eradicate the
Slaaneshi cults in the lands around
his small kingdom. The Kharadron
accept, and the last of the cultists are
cut down by aethershot in a matter
of weeks. When the duardin go to
collect their payment, they are met
not by a royal envoy, but by slavering
ghouls, and in place of gold coins
they are presented with thousands
upon thousands of vertebral discs,
each of which bears a scrawled image
of the Carrion King.

GOOD TIDINGS

Across the Mortal Realms,
soothsayers and prognosticators
foresee a time of great tribulation.
Soon after, even those without
mystic intuition are afflicted by grim
dreams, or else come face to face
with the growing numbers of risen
dead. These portents cause terror
to spread like plague, yet amongst
the Flesh-eaters there is joy and
celebration. In the clattering legions
of skeleton warriors and moaning
hordes of deadwalkers, the Flesh-
eaters see hale and hearty peasants
merrily returning to work the lands.
Many Ghoul Kings proclaim that the
coming harvests wi l l be bountiful,
and that these jocund times are to be
celebrated with daily feasts.

DARKNESS DESCENDS

In an attempt to establish a militar y
way station, desert-dwelling Free
Peoples construct the Dunekeep – a
fortified outpost in the centre of the
Reaver Wastes. Duardin masons
build enormous walls around the
outpost, which are then bound
with aelven wards and lined with
Ironweld artillery, making them
more than capable of holding back
the Khornate hordes and greenskin
tribes of the region. For two decades
the Dunekeep stands strong against
marauding warbands, and the
corpses of those repelled at its walls
are left to bake in the harsh desert
sun. Then, over a few short days,
vast flocks of carrion birds begin
circling above the fortress, their
numbers so great they block out the
sky. The defenders are shrouded in
darkness and deafened by the shrill
cawing, but this is only the prelude
to the true horror that awaits them.

Hundreds of Crypt Flayers from the
Blisterskin Grand Court descend
through the clouds of vultures,
swooping down to rip the Freeguild
soldiers from the battlements before
turning their attention on those
stationed inside the outpost. Against
this vertical assault, the Dunekeep’s
mighty walls only serve to pen in the
terrified garrison.

THE LUNATIC SEER

The Abhorrant Archregent known
as the Skinless Sultan miraculously
calculates where the Bad Moon wi l l
next appear. This feat draws the
attention of Skragrott the Loonking,
who wishes to add the abhorrant
astronomer to his fungal asylum.

AN HONOURLESS DEED

Following the Shyish necroquake,
countless graves are opened
throughout the Mortal Realms,
allowing uncontrolled Nighthaunt
processions to begin surging across
the lands. A group of abhorrants
from the Gristlegore Grand Court
tr y to rein in one such procession,
believing them to be frightened
refugees in need of saving. The
abhorrants block off a mountain pass
in an attempt to corral and calm the
howling gheists, but the Nighthaunts
do not listen to the Flesh-eaters’
offers of aid. Worse still, a mighty
contingent from one of the Celestial
Warbringers’ Sacrosanct Chambers
strikes down into the pass, banishing
the trapped spectral horde and
slaughtering the abhorrants. A single
Ghoul King emerges alive, and he
swears a vow of vengeance against
the Stormcast Eternals for their
barbaric and cowardly act.

THE THRONE AWAITS

The confluence of death magic in the
centre of Shyish plunges the city of
Nagashizzar into a bottomless chasm
from which nothing can escape.
Those living souls not swallowed by
the Shyish Nadir begin migrating
further towards the edge of the
Realm of Death. Many are never
heard from again, and some return
in a deranged state, babbling about
a mighty ruler who shall come to
be known across the lands. Each
garbled account gives this figure a
different name, but all give him the
same title – the Carrion King.


PAGEBREAK
DERANGED
KINGDOMS

DERANGED KINGDOMS

Despite appearing like motley hordes, Flesh-eater armies display preternatural cunning and organisation on
the battlefield. The blood-curdling snarls of abhorrants are heard by their mordant followers as crisply delivered
orders, and through their shared madness the Flesh-eaters work to enact their gruesome stratagems.

A Flesh-eater Court is a self-
contained kingdom, at the heart of
which sits an Abhorrant Ghoul King.
These lords are the sinew that tethers
the mordants together, bestowing
grandiose delusions of nobility on
their subjects. The king’s mordant
armies are completely in the thra l l
of their master, and at his command
they scour the realms in search of
fresh prey,
their pale bodies pouring
over the land like grave-worms over
a decaying corpse.

There is usually but a single
abhorrant king ruling a court,
though in rare cases a council of
the most powerful vampires might
be in control
instead – provided,
of course, that they are united
by a singular madness. Fledgling
abhorrants whose delusions are
not yet as powerful form the king’s
brood of sycophants and successors.

Beneath this ‘royal family’ stand
the king’s favoured lieutenants –
Crypt Haunter Courtiers, Varghulf
Courtiers and Crypt Infernal
Courtiers, which serve as nobles
of the court and lead its illustrious
institutions. These are the largest
and most dangerous of the king’s
servants, and they occupy the upper
echelons of his kingdom.

When the entirety of the court
is called to war, the Ghoul King
often leads the army, but wi l l
sometimes give command to one
of his sycophants or Varghulf
Courtiers. Varghulfs drink long
and deep from their master’s veins,
and so their connection with the
court’s sovereign is strong – they
are entirely devoted to their liege,
and for this reason are more
trusted to enact his vision upon
the Mortal Realms than any of the
other courtiers. Like many Ghoul
Kings, Varghulfs lead from the sky.
Swooping over the battlefield, they
screech at the warriors battling
below them – a high-pitched sound

that is terrifying to their enemies
but akin to the clarion call of a
hunting horn to the soldiers of the
king’s court.

Other favoured courtiers may also be
trusted to direct their own armies in
battle,
leading vanguard forces ahead
of the main body of Flesh-eaters or
raiding enemy settlements. When
granted a position of command, a
courtier speaks with the authority of
their abhorrant sovereign, exuding
the madness with which they have
been so completely infused.

The bulk of the Flesh-eater
population is formed of ghoul hosts
that grow and shrink depending on
the fortunes of their court. These are
overseen by Crypt Ghast Courtiers,
who to themselves and their troops
are vaunted veterans possessed of the
finest arms and armour. Individual
regiments are led by Crypt Ghasts,
all chosen from the most vicious
and cunning of their kind. Ghast
Courtiers often have grand and
ancient titles, which they aspire to
and treasure, even as they covet the
attention of their king. Similarly,
Crypt Ghasts strive to constantly
prove their worth in battle, and with
noble intentions drive themselves
and the Crypt Ghouls they lead to
ever-greater depths of depravity.

A single court may be roused to
war by its Ghoul King to drive off
an invading army or to defend his
honour after a perceived slight.
Courtiers and mordants are
mustered and together they march
to battle, scrabbling forwards with
maws agape beneath banners of
flapping skin. Such a campaign
can reduce a well-fortified city to a
slaughterhouse in a matter of days,
but when an Archregent calls upon
the courts under his command, the
realms truly tremble. Hundreds
of thousands of cannibal fiends
tear across the lands, swallowing
continents as they advance and
drowning whole nations in gore.

Though each court has its own
internal hierarchy, with noble titles
and militar y ranks derived from the
twisted depths of the Ghoul King’s
mind, many courts are arranged
around similar principles. This
structure is based upon that of the
court founded by the Carrion King,
and has been echoed countless times
across the realms. This hierarchy
is divided into three tiers, with
the abhorrant sovereign at the top,
surrounded by his sycophants and
attendants at court. Below them
are the elite soldiery of the Ghoul
King’s most trusted courtiers, who
view themselves as knightly orders
enacting the bidding of their liege.
The lowest tier contains the vast
might of the abhorrant’s armies,
his slavering Crypt Ghoul packs,
serving as line infantr y and scouting
rangers. The majority of the courts
that cleave to this hierarchy do so as
a matter of tradition, believing they
are maintaining the values of the
greatest and most noble kingdom to
have ever arisen within the Mortal
Realms. But some abhorrants are so
deluded that they believe themselves
to be ruling over the First Court in
the Carrion King’s stead, going so
far as to give their sycophants and
courtiers the same names and titles
as their ancient forebears.


PAGEBREAK
THE ABHORRANT
GHOUL KING

ABHORRANT

The Abhorrant Ghoul King Greth the Decrepit rules over the
Clatterbone Court in Shyish. As a close descendant of the First
Court, the delusion that spreads from him to his followers aligns
closely with that of the Carrion King.

ROYAL FAMILY

Greth the Decrepit keeps his most trusted
abhorrant subjects close at hand, to serve him in
battle and to join him in feasting.

SYCOPHANTS
ABHORRANTS

ATTENDANTS AT COURT

The obsequious Lord Chamberslough fawns over
the king and fights with horrific vigour.

LORD CHAMBERSLOUGH
CRYPT HAUNTER COURTIER

LICKSPITTLES
CRYPT HORRORS

DEADWATCH

Lord Marrowbroth
commands the defence of
Greth’s kingdom.

LORD MARROWBROTH
CRYPT INFERNAL
COURTIER

CURSPOCK
CRYPT FLAYERS

VILESCRAPE
CRYPT FLAYERS

SLOPCRAW
CRYPT FLAYERS

ABATTOIR

Lord Liverbelch is charged
with keeping the king’s stores
stocked with fresh flesh.

LORD LIVERBELCH
CRYPT HAUNTER
COURTIER

HARFLECK BUTCHERS
CRYPT HORRORS

DRUBSCROTE
SLAUGHTERERS
CRYPT HORRORS

BOGLEECH
BOTTLEWASHERS
CRYPT GHOULS

ROYAL MORDANTS

Marquis Gruelsop is a savage
commander and Greth’s most
trusted courtier.

MARQUIS GRUELSOP
VARGHULF COURTIER

GLUGRASP
CRYPT HORRORS

SPLEENLICK
CRYPT FLAYERS

SLUGSOUR
CRYPT GHOULS

GHOUL PATROL

Baron Gizzard and his ghouls stalk the
wastelands at the edge of the court’s domain.

KING’S GHOULS

When new prey has been found, it is Marquis
Retchbile who leads the charge into battle.

BARON GIZZARD
CRYPT GHAST
COURTIER

ILLCREEP
CRYPT GHOULS

SLUMCRAWL
CRYPT GHOULS

FILCHLURK
CRYPT GHOULS

MARQUIS RETCHBILE
CRYPT GHAST
COURTIER

GLUGSPEW
CRYPT HORRORS

SPLEENSCAB
CRYPT GHOULS

SLUGSPOIL
CRYPT GHOULS

ROYAL MENAGERIE

TERRORGHEISTS AND
ZOMBIE DRAGONS

Many and varied are the delusions of the abhorrant kings,
and their courts are just as diverse. Shown here is an
example of the structure of a court and its titled courtiers,
but every court has its own peculiarities and may have a
structure that only loosely resembles this.


PAGEBREAK
Dark LegaciesDARK LEGACIES

The mi litar y formations of the Flesh-eaters harken back to the First Court in Shyish. Various abhorrants have
adopted elements of this twisted structure into their delusions, even believing their own sycophants and generals
to be the same that long ago ser ved the Carrion King.

SYCOPHANTS

THE ROYAL FAMILY

The sycophants are the
memory of the Carrion
King’s ancient family given
form. Names like the Offal
Queen and Giblet Prince hold
a shred of the Carrion King’s
history, and in some stories,
they become the Awful
Queen and Gibbeted
Prince, hinting at
the fate that
befell them.

CARRION KING

SOVEREIGN OF THE COURT

Every abhorrant is an heir to the
Carrion King, who was first to
bear the curse of insanity. The
delusions of a court’s princes and
lords are splinters of his original
madness, warped echoes of the
noble customs and practices
of the warriors who pledged
themselves to the Carrion King
so long ago. The regal names they
bore were twisted by the march of
years to become vile parodies of
the once-great men and women
they represent.

LORD
CHAMBERSLOUGH

VIZIER OF THE
ATTENDANTS AT COURT

It is said the Lord
Chamberslough once vied for
control of the Carrion King’s
domains, yet his worth as a
commander was such that he
was taken in by the Carrion
King, becoming a loyal
servant and Vizier of
the Attendants
at Court.

LORD
MARROWBROTH

FIRST KNIGHT OF
THE DEADWATCH

Pride radiates from the
Lord Marrowbroth,
for he
is the champion protector of
the king. He was the most
loyal of the Carrion King’s
servants, the Lord of the
Harrow Wrath armies that
defended the kingdom
from Nagash’s
Mortarchs.


PAGEBREAK
LORD
LIVERBELCH

MASTER OF
THE ABATTOIR

The Lord Liverbelch is
the master of banquets
and chief taster to the king.
Whole regions of the Carrion
King’s empire were harvested
for his blood feasts, and the
Lord Liverbelch gathered
fair-skinned youths from
faraway kingdoms to
quench the thirst of
his sovereign.

MARQUIS
GRUELSOP

COMMANDER OF THE
ROYAL MORDANTS

Loyal to a fault, the Marquis
Gruelsop stands as the greatest
of the king’s courtiers and
leader of the Royal Mordants.
The marquis turned the slaves
and prisoners that are his
wards into some of the
finest soldiers in the
king’s army.

MARQUIS
RETCHBILE

LORD OF THE
KING’S GHOULS

Martial might is the domain
of the Marquis Retchbile.
While Ushoran was served
by many skilled generals, the
marquis is the memory of
these warriors confused into
a single figurehead by the
madness passed down
by the Carrion
King.

BARON
GIZZARD

CHIEF RANGER OF
THE GHOUL PATROL

A keen-eyed hunter,
the Baron
Gizzard leads the king’s scouts.
Stories say the original baron
was once a commoner who
patrolled the icy Helfrost
Empires at the kingdom’s
edge, though he became
a favoured servant of
the king.

THE ROYAL MENAGERIE

The Carrion King kept many pets from his journeys across Shyish and the realms beyond. Favoured among his
mounts were the Blood Drakes and Chiropteran Behemoths. Though the names and deeds of these beasts have long
been lost to history, each abhorrant king fondly remembers these creatures and lavishes his attention on the Zombie
Dragons and Terrorgheists of his menageries, as if the huge undead creatures were his own living offspring.


PAGEBREAK
Morgaunt Grand Court

MORGAUNT GRAND COURT

From the Prime Innerlands of Shyish come the heaving masses of the Morgaunt Grand Court. Countless pallid
bodies stained by their latest slaughter surge across the desolate landscape to sunder all in their path. Theirs are
amongst the oldest courts in all the realms, and in them the Carrion King’s madness remains at its purest.

The courts that make up the
Morgaunt Grand Court are the
descendants of living kingdoms in
the Realm of Death. Their culture
had been one of chivalr y and
honour,
in which the gallant and
strong fought to protect the weak
and unfortunate. When the peoples
in these kingdoms were beset by
invaders or plagued by prowling
monstrosities, the kings would
gather knights and soldiers to their
banners and march out to purge
their lands of wickedness. It was said
that to become a member of a king’s
court in those days, an aspiring
knight had to prove his bravery
and selflessness through service to
the king’s subjects. A knight might
have laid low a shambling cadaver
titan that was feeding on the people
of a particular village, or hunted
down the draco-vulture that had
been gorging itself on livestock
in a given region and plunged his
blade through the winged beast’s
black heart. Similarly,
to serve in
a sovereign’s army a soldier had to
uphold the core tenets of chivalry,
and had to be willing to lay down his
life for the least of the king’s subjects.

These kingdoms prospered in
the Age of Myth, their influence
extending from the Amethyst
Princedoms in the north to the
Glittering Marsh in the south.
They were hailed by their allies
as exemplars of civilisation, and
respected by the few enemies they
had as worthy and honourable foes.
They also lived in peace with the
dead within their borders, treating
the spirits of the departed with
the same dignity as they did the
living – and it was this coexistence
with their ancestors that caused
these kingdoms to side with Nagash
when Shyish was beset by invaders.
The armies of Sigmar and Chaos
tore through the Realm of Death,
sundering the magnificence of the
chivalric civilisations, scattering
their peoples, and driving them to
the brink of annihilation.

Yet
from the crumbling ruins the
Morgaunt Grand Court arose. Gifted
with the madness of the Carrion
King, the mordants saw their
corpse-strewn homelands as lush
and verdant once more, and their
slavering abhorrants as pinnacles of
nobility. They set about reclaiming
their territories from the invaders,
driven by the belief that they could
return their lands to a state of
peace. But in truth, the rise of these
courts only served to further soak
the northern reaches of the Prime
Innerlands with gore. Wherever
abhorrants and courtiers travelled,
ghouls flocked to their side in droves
– the bonds of loyalty between
high-born and commoners having
persisted across generations of
cannibalistic savagery – and together

they set about slaughtering all who
trespassed within their domain.

Since the Age of Chaos, Morgaunt
abhorrants have spread throughout
the realms, drawing mordants to
their side in overwhelming numbers
wherever they establish new courts.
They see other living beings as
invading armies or rampaging
monstrosities, and so march out
en masse to cleanse their lands.
They look to Nagash as their patron
god, and see all who oppose him
as wicked and ignoble. Above all
else, they have a fierce loathing of
Sigmar. The Morgaunt courts believe
that, were it not for the God-King’s
betrayal, Nagash would have been
able to repel the forces of Chaos from
Shyish once and for a l l.

Amidst the bones, skin and dripping v iscera, ancient symbols of the Morgaunt
Grand Cour t can be seen daubed in blood.


PAGEBREAK
Hollowmourne Grand Court

HOLLOWMOURNE GRAND COURT

Packs of hulking cannibals stampede towards their foe to the sound of insane snarling. As the armies of the
Hollowmourne Grand Court close in, Cr ypt Horrors charging at the fore launch themselves into the opposing
lines, obliterating shield walls and butchering the enemy’s ordered ranks.

More so than any other Flesh-eaters,
the history of the Hollowmourne
Grand Court is shrouded in mystery.
In a long-dead age, the empire that
spawned the Hollowmourne courts
extended across the Mortal Realms.
Its glorious emperor – whose name
has been lost to the ravages of time –
brought knowledge and civilisation
to those whom he encountered,
fostering harmony between
disparate lands and prosperity
for all. In his travels throughout
the realms, he discovered many
wondrous relics, some of which he
used to help lift up his people, and
others that he deemed too dangerous
for mortal use. In order to protect
those in his empire, this emperor
secreted the arcane implements and
eldritch devices he had found within
enchanted vaults, and in this way
kept them hidden until a time in
which they would be needed. Among
the few who had knowledge of these
vaults was an order of royal families
from Chamon known as the Knights
of the Hollowmourne, who knew not
what was in the vaults, only that they
must be protected at all costs.

When the servants of the Dark
Gods began to sweep across the
Mortal Realms, the Knights of
the Hollowmourne were sent to
secure the vaults against the taint
of Chaos. Every kingdom dedicated
to the order rode swift into hostile
territory,
their knights clad in the
finest armours of Chamon. As they
advanced they swore oaths that their
duty would not go unfulfilled, but
their enemies were too powerful,
and their defiant crusade was
shattered. The tattered remnants
of the order kept moving, tr ying to
outpace the enemy. When rations
ran out, the peasants were eaten
next, for the knights could not give
up their horses if they hoped to ever
fulfil their duty. But eventually,
even the steeds were consumed,
and it was this most unthinkable
act that opened the minds of the
Hollowmourne to madness.

The Hollowmourne Grand Court
is all that remains of this once-
proud crusade. While they still
believe themselves to be a noble
order of royal knights, heavily
armoured horsemen towering above
their enemies on the battlefield,
in truth their bodies have grown
to monstrous proportions after
generations of gorging upon
flesh. In battle, the largest of their
number barrel ahead of the throng,
charging out like lancers to shatter
the enemy’s defences,
leaving those
mordant packs that follow to feast
upon the broken bodies of the
dead and dying. Long gone are the
resplendent suits of mail that once
defined this order,
its last vestige
the oxidised colouration of the
mordants’ sickly flesh.

The Hollowmourne courts continue
to search for the buried relics they
were sent to defend, their abhorrants
regularly launching new crusades
into enemy lands. After annihilating
the foe on the open field, the Flesh-
eaters slaughter their way through
towns and strongholds alike with
terrifying speed, digging up tombs
and graveyards in the blind hope that
they wi l l find what they are seeking.
Usually such frenetic searches yield
only rotting corpses, though in their
delusion the Flesh-eaters see these
as sacred artefacts deposited by
their dimly remembered emperor.
The largest of the Hollowmourne
greedily devour these corpses, secure
in the belief that they are keeping
precious relics they have discovered
from the clutches of the enemy.

This coat of arms is a grim mockery of the crossed blades of the Knights of the
Hollowmourne, which symbolised their oath to their emperor.


PAGEBREAK
Blisterskin Grand Court

BLISTERSKIN GRAND COURT

Darkness envelops the battlefield as the mordants of the Blisterskin Grand Court fill the sky. The flapping of
leathery wings and the screeching of hundreds of hungering mouths deafens those below, drowning out all
thoughts of hope and heralding the gruesome slaughter that is to come.

The Flesh-eaters of the Blisterskin
Grand Court are instantly
recognisable by the hideous burns
that cover their bodies. Long and
wretched lives spent terrorising the
sun-blasted plains of Aqshy have left
these creatures with gaping patches
of peeled skin, beneath which layers
of charred musculature and bleached
bone lie exposed. As they scrabble
across deserts and barren lands in
search of fresh victims, the reek of
seared meat precedes their advance.
But even if their prey catches wind
of this acrid scent there is little
chance of escape, for the armies of
the Blisterskin Grand Court move at
terrifying speed, following the lead
of winged mordants and courtiers as
they encircle their enemies.

The empire from which the
Blisterskin courts arose was
founded upon various forms of sun
worship. Their priesthood was made
up of members of multiple royal
families, with kings and queens of
neighbouring city states leading their
people in sacred rites. During the
harvest season, a third of every crop
was given up as sacrifice – sheaves
were placed atop the tallest ziggurats
and left to be claimed by the sun,
thereby ensuring that the next
harvest would be abundant. At high
noon, royals and commoners alike
retreated indoors while the sun was
at its most intense, an act of humble
acknowledgement of its wrathfu l
glory. Though these kingdoms were
dotted across Aqshy,
they knew
the light of the sun emanated from
Hysh, and they saw this distant
realm as the sacred place from which
all illumination and wisdom pour
into existence. They actively sought
out other civilisations to whom
they could spread their culture,
proselytising such nations as Bataar,
Aspiria, and the Agloraxi
in the west
of Aridian. With these states they
shared their most sacred beliefs,
imploring all to honour the sun so
that darkness might never fall across
the lands.

When the armies of Chaos swept
across Aqshy,
the sun-worshippers
were driven from their homes, their
cities and crops set ablaze. With no
harvests to sacrifice, they gave over
the weak and old as burnt offerings,
and prayed desperately for the sun
to scour the legions of the Dark
Gods from the realm. Their descent
into wretchedness was swift and
irreversible, yet the hope of the
scattered survivors was rekindled
by the arrival of mighty abhorrants.
Afflicted by madness, the sun-
worshippers believed they had finally
gained the enlightenment they had
always sought. No longer did they
humble themselves by hiding from
the sun, instead choosing to bask
in its fu l l fury, their flesh cooking
in the blazing heat. The most pious

amongst them were blessed with
wings with which to rise ever closer
to the sun, while the rest looked
upon them with awe, following their
swift flights with zealous fervour.

The Blisterskin Grand Court
continues to send its members to its
neighbours’
lands, but where once
they spread tenets of devotion, they
now sow only horror across Aqshy
and beyond. The royalty still guide
their subjects in acts of worship,
ensuring that offerings are given up
after each harvest. As such, when
the armies of the Blisterskin courts
descend upon their enemies, a third
of those they slaughter are left to fr y
in the sun, leaving great swathes of
blackened and bloated corpses that
tell of the Flesh-eaters’ presence.

The motifs of the Blisterskin Grand Cour t depicted the common folk and the
royalty all
looking upwards towards the glorious light of the sun.


PAGEBREAK
Gristlegore Grand Court

GRISTLEGORE GRAND COURT

Where once they lived in harmony with the lands around them, the Gristlegore courts now rampage across Ghur,
butchering all they see. They believe themselves to be ruled by tranquil and peace-loving kings, but the grim truth
is that the abhorrants of these courts are beings of pure frenzy.

The crack of boulders being
smashed aside and trees being
uprooted precedes the advance of
the Gristlegore Grand Court. Those
they are hunting huddle together in
defensive positions,
listening as the
insane snarling of the Flesh-eaters
draws ever closer. Monstrous howls
rise above the din as abhorrants,
courtiers and great winged beasts
burst through the dense foliage, and
with savage haste tear their startled
enemies to bloody ribbons.

The armies of the Gristlegore
Grand Court are led by champions
of peerless ferocity. Fighting
with gruesome fervour, these
warriors hack down multiple foes
with every passing heartbeat and
launch waves of amethyst magic
that pulverise whole ranks of the
enemy. Only the undead creatures
of the Ghoul Kings’ menagerie have
any hope of keeping pace with the
rampant butchery.

The ferocity of the Gristlegore courts
is in stark contrast to the culture of
the Tranquil Kingdoms from which
they arose. Before succumbing to
the abhorrant’s curse, the people of
this Ghurish civilisation found ways
to live in balance with their savage
surroundings. Slavering beasts,
carnivorous plants and predatory
mountains were all viewed with the
greatest respect, and were treated
as sovereign beings. The highest
virtues were introspection and
contemplation, whereas hunting
and ki l ling were seen as necessary
evils to be avoided when possible.
Though the realm in which they
lived abounded with predators, the
people of the Tranquil Kingdoms
sought peace where they could find
it, spending long weeks fasting and
meditating. When forced to war, the
nobility rode at the fore to engage
the enemy first, for by risking their
own lives they hoped to spare their
subjects from the horrors of open
battle. These nobles honed the
arts of swordplay and spellcraft to

perfection, and were able to best
many opponents at once – but their
skill could not save them from the
coming of Chaos.

As the armies of the Dark Gods
stormed through Ghur,
the Tranquil
Kingdoms descended into anarchy.
Peaceful minds were filled with
panic, and the common folk called
upon their lords to face the coming
hordes. But though they fought
valiantly the nobility could not save
their people, and were forced to
watch as their subjects were put to
the blade and their cities razed to
the ground. With no one left to fight
for, these disgraced royals wandered
aimlessly, until they were found by
powerful abhorrants and once more
given purpose.

Now transformed by their insanity,
the royals of the Gristlegore Grand
Court prowl the realms like packs
of alpha predators. In their minds
they sti l l seek balance and harmony,
even as they shred their prey to
gruesome chunks. Their desire to
be at one with their surroundings
causes them to pierce their own
flesh with shards of Ghurish
realmstone, and they believe they
are pur ifying themselves through
fasting even when dripping hunks
of meat are lodged in their maws.
To the Gristlegore abhorrants, every
strike or arcane manifestation is
measured, delivered with precision
only after all other paths to victory
have been contemplated – yet to see
such a beast in action is to behold a
mindless, thrashing monstrosity.

Only the savage royalty of the Gristlegore Grand Cour t are depicted in their
heraldry,
for to them falls the responsibility of protecting their people.


PAGEBREAK
Abhorrants

ABHORRANTS

In contrast to the regal kings and emperors they see themselves as, abhorrants are truly monstrous beings. They
are the vampiric heirs of the Carrion King, capable of slaughtering their way through entire enemy armies, and it
is through them that his curse is spread across the Mortal Realms.

ARCHREGENTS

The longer that a Ghoul King exists
in its state of madness, the more
powerful it becomes. Some believe
that this is simply the curse of
Ushoran replicating belligerently in
the vampire’s
clotted veins. Others
have suggested that it is the strength
of the abhorrant’s own insanity that
bolsters the wi l l and mar t ia l might
of the creature. As the centuries

creep by, the abhorrant becomes
ever more corded with iron-hard
muscle,
its hide ever thicker and
more leathery. The vampire’s
madness deepens, its conviction in
its own supremacy reaching such
fanatical
levels that it leaves traces
of its crazed visions superimposed
upon reality. Not only do the
abhorrant’s courtiers become ever
more dedicated and loyal to their

master, but even those who battle
the Flesh-eaters begin to perceive
flashes of the abhorrant’s delusions,
flickering like half-seen flames about
the edges of their vision. In time,
this insanity extends beyond the
borders of a single kingdom, binding
mordants and other abhorrants into
a united empire.

Each Abhorrant Archregent rules
over the Ghoul Kings within its
domain. Where a Ghoul King
requires the aid of its courtiers to
rally the masses and command its
armies into battle, an Archregent
has such far-reaching and
indomitable wi l l that it can achieve
this feat all by itself. Some amongst
the Flesh-eaters believe them to
be mouthpieces of Ushoran, and
certain Archregents even claim
to have attended the court of the
Carrion King.

Where Abhorrant Ghoul Kings are
ferocious hunters that lead their
armies from the fore, Archregents
become brooding and reclusive.
Though it possesses the raw strength
to punch through a castle gate, or
tear an armoured knight of Chaos
in two with its bare talons, it takes
a great deal for an Abhorrant
Archregent
to bestir itself to action.
While it prowls its innermost
sanctums, the running of its empire
is left to petty Ghoul Kings, who
maintain the flesh har vests and
carouse at the head of bloody feasts
in the Archregent’s honour.

Only when a truly mighty threat
to the kingdom arises does an
Abhorrant Archregent
take to the
battlefield, and then it is a force to
behold. Sprinting as fast as the wind,
the Archregent
tears through its
enemies as though they were wet
parchment. Blood flows in rivers
as the ancient abhorrant slakes its
deranged thirst, before summoning
its elite warriors to its side and
charging forwards to slaughter those
foes that remain.


PAGEBREAK
GHOUL KINGS

An abhorrant king is the vicious
ruler of a Flesh-eater Court. Whether
scrambling across the ground with
terrifying speed or riding upon the
back of an undead monstrosity, an
Abhorrant Ghoul King is a savage
embodiment of insanity. Time and
the curse of the Carrion King have
given the abhorrants a hideous
appearance, far removed from the
ageless beauty of other vampires.
However,
they are just as deadly as
any of their bloodsucking kind. This
is most evident when the abhorrant
rapaciously feeds on still-living
enemies, streams of gore spilling
down its face as he drains the vital
essence from organs and hunks of
flesh that it rips from his foes.

If the size and supernatural strength
of an abhorrant king were not
enough to strike fear into its foes,
then there is also the madness that
burns in its eyes. The vampire’s
delusion makes it a terrifying and
unpredictable opponent, much
feared by the races of the Mortal
Realms. Ghoul Kings lead from
the fore, surging towards the foe
alongside their most favoured
courtiers with packs of slavering
mordants scrabbling behind them to
join in the slaughter. Upon reaching
the enemy lines, the abhorrant
carves a brutal path through all
before it, severing heads and limbs
with each swipe, ripping bones and
organs from still-living bodies before
devouring the dripping offal. Whole
swathes of soldiers are cut down
by the Ghoul King’s brutality, yet
the true targets of its fur y are the
generals who have lead trespassers
into its sovereign domain. Driven
by the belief that it is a just noble,
and that almost all creatures outside
its court are savage barbarians, the
king offers no quarter to threats
against its people. Perhaps more
frightening than the conviction
this madness lends the king is its
infectious nature. Those who linger
too long in the abhorrant’s presence
risk losing their own minds, until
they too see the king as it sees itself
– a radiant and sovereign ruler with
unquestioned authority.

Abhorrants,
like many vampiric
creatures, are powerful wizards,

steeped in the magic of death and
darkness. Abhorrant Ghoul Kings
can use their fell wizardr y to knit
together their wounds, mend the
broken bodies of their mounts, hurl
sorcerous bolts or even summon
troops with but a gesture. In their
deranged minds, they believe
themselves to be conduits of holy
power or benevolent practitioners
of magic. A Ghoul King may speak
an ensorcelled command for its
enemies to kneel before it, and to
its eyes they immediately drop to
the floor in humble acquiescence
– but in truth its words summon
tendrils of necrotic energy that
rip the limbs from its foes, leaving
only the mutilated torsos to writhe
pathetically in the mud. The
abhorrant can also amplify the
madness of its followers, causing
their insanity to manifest physically.
Mordants are made to believe they

are wearing suits of impenetrable
armour, and the sheer strength of
their magically fuelled delusion
causes swords and spears to bounce
harmlessly from their flesh. Others
see themselves wielding ensorcelled
weapons that strike and parr y with
arcane alacrity, when in reality
the Ghoul King’s magic sends the
mordants themselves into a fur y in
which they thrash at their foes with
unnatural speed and savagery.

It is via the same dark wizardr y
that the abhorrant is able to
transform a wretched cannibal into
a mordant – it is the vital ingredient
in his sordid feasts, and the key to
expanding his court. With a delicate
stir of one of its claws, it can imbue
blood draughts with bizarre power,
transforming all who sup upon them
into disturbing horrors slaved to
its wi l l.

CHARNEL THRONES

Grim constructions rise above the bloodstained wastelands and
reeking piles of carrion flesh that mark an abhorrant’s domain. Built
upon the ruins of once-grand castles and wrought from corpse-
matter,
these Charnel Thrones are the nightmarish seats of power
from which the Archregents and Ghoul Kings rule over their subjects.
Upon such a throne, an abhorrant sees itself seated on a work of
ar t istr y without parallel. The ancient bones that form the struts and
spars of the throne are perceived as g littering rods of gold and silver,
while gouged claw marks and remnant pieces of sinew are believed to
be ornate filigree and inlaid gemstones.

As the ravenous packs of a court spread fur ther into the surrounding
lands, their sovereign orders ever more Charnel Thrones to be
constructed. An abhorrant’s master masons – the courtiers and
sycophants to whom it imparts visions of its desired construction –
are given the task of gathering materials and building a new throne.
These masons scavenge battlefields and graveyards, seeking out
skeletal pieces to be used in fu lfi l ling the grand design. Only the
bones of those who have been ki l led by an abhorrant’s deranged
death magic are fit for this purpose. Thousands of remains are picked
through to find those in which the arcane energies of Shyish have
soaked down to the marrow, with those found unworthy being cast
aside as scrap.

When the Charnel Throne is at last pieced together, and the abhorrant
perches itself upon it for the first time, the bones begin to scream and
shake under the unbearable weight of its madness. From that point
on, the throne is a conduit for the abhorrant’s delusion, casting its
insanity into the mind of a l l who behold it. The hideous wai ling and
ceaseless clatter of a Charnel Throne is enough to drive the enemies
of the Flesh-eaters insane, and the morbid din echoes across the
landscape for leagues in every direction, draw ing d istant packs of
mordants to come bow before the ir k ing .


PAGEBREAK
Courtiers

COURTIERS

Misshapen monsters, the Flesh-eater courtiers stand as hunchbacked lords within an abhorrant king’s court.
Grown strong upon the tainted blood of their master, these mordant leaders wade into battle, directing the
king’s armies as their lesser kin cluster in deranged adoration around their clawed feet.

VARGHULF COURTIERS

Favoured servants of the king,
Varghulf Courtiers hold the highest
rank a mordant can earn. They are
the most trusted members of the
court, and the most likely to lead an
army if their monarch is otherwise
occupied. Even when flying to battle
alongside its sovereign, a Varghulf
acts as a monstrous marshal,
its
howls carr ying far to draw more
Flesh-eaters into the combat. It is to
these beasts that leadership over the
hand-picked Royal Mordants falls,
with some Varghulf Courtiers even
being dubbed Marquis Gruelsop,
the same title as that given by the
Carrion King.

As befits their position, Varghulfs
are gore-drenched monsters in
combat, their fur y only being
surpassed by Abhorrant Archregents
and Ghoul Kings. When surrounded
by enemies, a Varghulf enters a
terrifying frenzy, slaughtering faster
than the eye can follow. Varghulfs
are possessed of a voracious hunger,
and as they tear a red road through
a battle they rip great chunks off
their prey, which they cram down
their gullets then and there. Packs
of smaller mordants scurr y in their
wake, doing their best to keep
up with the blinding pace of the
Varghulf ’s slaughter and snatching
up any discarded pieces of meat

that fall from its maw. As Varghulfs
consume their prey they are swiftly
reinvigorated, muscles reknitting
and rents in their flesh closing up
in moments – and it is not only
flesh that they feed upon. With
lolling tongues they lap up dark
energies from the air, devouring the
sorcerous tendrils that erupt when
abhorrants use their insane magic to
cast spells or summon the dead. This
foul energy strengthens such a beast,
giving it might beyond even that
suggested by its massive frame.

CRYPT HAUNTER
COURTIERS

Creatures of rotting flesh and
twisted bone, the Crypt Haunter
Courtiers are among the strongest
of an abhorrant’s mordant servants.
They have supped from the Ghoul
King’s veins, and his dark magic
has transformed them. Most
mordants given a pure draught of
the king’s blood devolve so far into
savage insanity that they end up
tearing themselves apart in a frenzy
of self-loathing, but those who
survive are reborn with monstrous
strength. In battle, they are brutal
fighters who lead from the front,
bathing in the rain of viscera caused
by their ferocious attacks. Crypt
Horrors respond unquestioningly
to the orders of these courtiers,
in their madness seeing them
as fearless commanders clad in
gleaming armour.

Crypt Haunter Courtiers are trusted
members of the court who hold high
status, and are respected and feared
by all who serve the king. They also
enjoy rare autonomy amongst their
mordant kin, and those that are
granted the rank of Lord Liverbelch
wi l l be despatched at the head of
an Abattoir of ghouls and horrors,
leading the scrabbling packs from
the front lines. When they return
victorious, it is also their duty to
prepare the royal feast, and test the
dishes to be set before the king.


PAGEBREAK
CRYPT INFERNAL
COURTIERS

Crypt Infernal Courtiers are created
when a Crypt Flayer has performed
a heroic deed that the king deems
worthy of reward. A banquet is held
where individuals so honoured are
fed the flesh of an undead dragon.
Their guts mutate agonisingly,
allowing these predators of the sky
to exhale lethal clouds of noxious
fumes, much like the beast they have
eaten. These flying courtiers lead the
Deadwatch, the Abhorrant Ghoul
King’s personal bodyguard. Gifted
with exceptional senses, they can
detect enemies from leagues away,
identifying their victims by scent
alone, and swooping off into the
night to bring back gory prizes for
their dark master.

When an Abhorrant Ghoul King
rides to war astride his Terrorgheist
or Zombie Dragon, Crypt Infernal

Courtiers often soar at his side,
vying for their lord’s attention.
Screaming summons to their kin, the
courtiers lead daring strikes against
the most formidable foes, rising high
above the battlefield before folding
their wings and plunging into the
heart of the enemy lines. When
they emerge from combat, their
mouths are dripping with gore and
the juices of burst organs, and their
talons are covered with chunks of
flesh and shattered pieces of bone.
Only those most doughty of foes
can survive being skewered by the
Infernal Courtier’s hooked claws,
yet these victims are simply carried
back to the Abhorrant Ghoul King,
presented to him as prisoners. In his
madness, the Ghoul King may order
an Infernal Courtier to interrogate
such a prisoner, which in practice
amounts to the winged creature
opening its captive’s
skull and
devouring what lies inside.

CRYPT GHAST
COURTIERS

The Crypt Ghast Courtiers are vile
creatures gifted in the ways of war.
Displaying a measure of intelligence
beyond that of their fellow cannibals,
these crook-back champions are
frenzied field commanders for the
Abhorrant Ghoul Kings’ armies.
Forever jockeying for position, their
first priority is to fawn before their
sovereign and present him with
gifts of freshly torn flesh. On the
most servile Ghast Courtiers the
Ghoul King bestows various titles
to denote their status, sometimes
gifting them with splintered shards
of bone or other gruesome fetishes as
medals for worthy service. In their
minds, Crypt Ghasts are the noble
heroes of the realm, clad in shining
armour, with pennants snapping on
the ends of their weapons. So armed
with delusion, they proudly lead
the court’s troops to war, sniffing
out tasty prey either at the head of
endless ranks of foot soldiers or
ranging ahead with scouting parties.

Like all mordants, Crypt Ghast
Courtiers have been corrupted by
their king’s madness. Most were once
great heroes, wizards or sages who
fell into despair and cannibalism.
Some even commanded armies in
brutal campaigns fought against the
Flesh-eaters, before defeat and then
anguish transformed them into the
very creatures they had sought to
eradicate. Though wretched, they
retain shreds of what they once were,
and they enforce their peculiarities
upon the ghouls they lead. If a
particular Ghast Courtier was given
to gluttony in their former life, the
mordants that serve under them wi l l
partake in staggering displays of
gorging, creating a grim simulacrum
of the fine feasts their leader once
enjoyed. If the Ghast Courtier was
cruel, their followers exact as much
pain as possible from the foe, often
flensing and car ving their enemies’
bodies long after the point of death.
If they were cunning, their soldiers
melt from the very shadows in the
wake of their nefarious master. A
king wi l l choose a Crypt Ghast
Courtier’s role based upon the
creature’s
talents and inclinations,
utilising them against the many
enemies of the court.


PAGEBREAK
Mordants

MORDANTS

The cannibalistic wretches known as mordants flock towards Ghoul Kings and Archregents, drawn by the
irresistible magnetism of the abhorrants’ madness. Forming up in packs to better hunt their prey, they are more
savage than soldier, yet in their minds they march in lockstep to war for the glory of their noble kingdom.

CRYPT HORRORS

Lumbering and snarling into battle
come the Cr ypt Horrors. Their flesh
stuck through with jagged bones
and dripping blades, these are the
knights of their court, armed not
with sword and steed, but claw
and fang. They are monstrous
beasts, ineffably loyal and ever
eager to serve their lord in battle,
and they express their constancy
through fits of feral rage and acts of
gruesome slaughter.

Despite their hunched forms, Cr ypt
Horrors loom above their smaller
brethren, each one a monster of pale
flesh and twisted bone. Hideously
strong, they rip organs right out
of their victims, stuffing shining
handfuls of offal
into their dripping
maws. Cr ypt Horrors were once
ghouls that were fed vampire blood
by their Abhorrant Ghoul King, and
as a result their bodies have grown
enormous, becoming stronger
and swifter through the power of
dark sorcery.

In the depths of their delusion,
Cr ypt Horrors believe themselves
to be mounted defenders of the
realm, charging into battle clad in
shining plate. As befits their role
within the court, they are often
the first to the fight, sprinting out
ahead of the king’s foot soldiers
to crash into the midst of the foe.
Here, their supernatural resilience
and prodigious strength are put
to good use, each sweep of their
claws ripping throats open and
shattering shields. Return attacks
have little effect, the Cr ypt Horrors’
own bodies quickly healing mortal
wounds, even closing around their
enemy’s blades. These regenerative
powers are a gift of the abhorrant’s
blood that runs in their veins,
though it comes at a price. Their
muscles and bones are constantly
twisting and growing, spines from
their ribs and vertebrae forcing
their way through flesh,
just as their
talons and teeth push their way free

of fingers and gums. Only the work
of the king’s Abattoir keeps their
growth in check, the bones regularly
harvested to make medals for the
king’s men.

Cr ypt Horrors are routinely
honoured for their service by the
king and his courtiers, and they
wi l l be offered tokens of the court’s
appreciation. Prized skulls, decaying
limbs and crude bone weapons are
presented to the Cr ypt Horrors as
trophies, and the most decorated
might rise in the ranks to become
Cr ypt Haunters and take leadership
of a Cr ypt Horror pack. Cr ypt
Horrors lovingly care for these
gifts, which they see as pennants,
resplendent armour or swords.
They may even claim such spoils in
battle, and relieve their victims of
burdens like their arms or spines.
The Cr ypt Horror may shove its
newly acquired prize, sti l l dripping
with gore, through its skin or down
its maw, or it may turn it against its
former owner.

CRYPT FLAYERS

Cr ypt Flayers haunt the night,
soaring through the sky like dark
shadows above the battlefield. With
keen eyes they pick out enemies in
the gloom below, and their powerful
nostrils latch onto the waft of fear.
Swooping down with lightning
speed, they snatch hapless victims
off their feet, sinking their fangs into
their captives even as they soar back
into the air.

Cr ypt Flayers are born when the
blood of monsters flows freely on the
feasting table. On such fell nights,
an Abhorrant Ghoul King might
bestow a horrific transformation
upon his servants. The deranged
sovereign mixes his blood with
Terrorgheist flesh and necrotised
fluids, and those ghouls who sup
on this concoction are twisted into
new and terr ifying shapes. A layer
of writhing skin grows around the
ghoul, and then from this fleshy
sack a Cr ypt Flayer emerges into
the realms.

After being reborn in this way,
the enchantments bestowed upon
the Cr ypt Flayers take fu l l hold,
transforming them into dark
predators. Growing huge and
twisted, Cr ypt Flayers gain the
added nightmare growth of leathery
wings. Their claws elongate, spines
burst from their backs and their eyes
glow stronger to pierce the murk and
gloom of battle. No longer bound
to the earth, they take to the skies
as airborne scouts and warriors for
the court. Ferocious killers, Cr ypt
Flayers wheel through the air above
their king’s domain, sniffing the
wind for juicy hunting grounds.
Those of who are seen as most
noble by their cannibal kindred are
called Cr ypt Infernals – taller and
stronger than the rest, they lead
from the front as shining examples
to their ‘men’.

Whether seen through a lens of
madness or in all their rotting glory,
none that have faced them can
doubt that Cr ypt Flayers are brutally
efficient in battle. They are dark ly
blessed by the tainted Terrorgheist
flesh they have ingested, and in
their chests dwells a measure of the
undead beast’s capacity to unleash a
mind-shredding shriek. With their
mouths impossibly wide they let
loose a chorus of chilling howls, as
if the gates to a dozen underworlds
had been flung open at once. Their
victims’ blood turns to ice in their


PAGEBREAK
begin to believe that they are stout
foot soldiers of the king’s court or
keen-eyed scouts ranging ahead of
his armies, though in truth they are
sti l l a cannibal horde of ragged and
hungry monsters. Anyone caught in
the path of a ghoul pack has but two
choices: fight or be devoured. Once
the king has set them on an enemy’s
trail, the flesh-eating creatures wi l l
not rest until they have returned to
their master laden with dripping
slabs of freshly harvested meat.

Cr ypt Ghouls are especially deadly
in large numbers. A single creature
wi l l take its time feeding, stripping
the flesh from a victim until
it
has reduced its prey to little more
than a bare skeleton. However, as
soon as there is competition for its

meal it flies into a frenzy, swiftly
ripping hunks of meat from one
enemy before moving on, eager to
avoid sharing its war spoils with its
demented kin.

Utterly devoted to their abhorrant
master, Cr ypt Ghouls wi l l brave
death without hesitation. Any
craven parts of their soul have been
extinguished by the madness of their
king, and they fight like rabid beasts,
often dying to the last rather than
displeasing their lord. In those rare
instances when a ghoul does turn
to flight, their kin swiftly drag them
down. Such is the fate for cowards
in the Flesh-eater Courts, where the
courageous fight on in their king’s
favour,
their bellies filled with the
flesh of the weak.

veins and terror grips their hearts as
the sonic assault washes over them.
The Cr ypt Flayers then dart from
the sky like harpoons of sharpened
bone, running any remaining
warriors through and lifting
them off the ground, screeching
in exaltation as their prey dies
screaming in a spray of gore. As they
take back to the sky,
the pack fights
among themselves for the largest
and most gruesome keepsake to lay
at their king’s throne.

Cr ypt Flayers are regarded with awe
and adulation by their mordant kin.
It is viewed as a good omen to see
one or more of these winged beings
circling above an expedition, and
their shrill screams fill each ghoul
with pride to be in their king’s court.
The Cr ypt Flayers themselves believe
they are borne aloft by enchanted
pinions gifted to them by their
sovereign, or are convinced they are
riders mounted upon magnificent
flying beasts. In the minds of
other mordants, Cr ypt Flayers are
hallowed warriors, having been
daubed with sacred oils by their
king. Their howls do not sound like
life-rending shrieks, but holy verses
intoned with pious authority.

CRYPT GHOULS

Reeking drool drips from gaping
mouths, mixing with the blood
and scraps of flesh that are lodged
between rows of rotting fangs. As
one, the Cr ypt Ghouls howl and
hiss their adulation for their king,
even as they scuttle into battle at
his command. Their chipped talons
tear at the ground, their maws
stretch wider in eager anticipation
of the feast to come. Then, with an
explosion of insane ferocity,
they
crash into the enemy lines.

Ghoul is a word known in almost
every corner of the Mortal Realms.
These are the vile creatures who
make up the majority of a court’s
seething armies, and they have
an appetite for flesh that is both
repulsive and insatiable. Once
afflicted by the abhorrant’s curse,
the ghouls do not see themselves
as monsters, and the longer they
serve their monarch, the stronger
their madness becomes. They


PAGEBREAK
Menagerie

MENAGERIE

In crude pens fashioned from colossal bones the Ghoul Kings keep the decrepit beasts of their menageries. Some
abhorrants use their favourite undead pets as mounts to bear them into battle, whereas others simply unleash
these flying monstrosities and allow them to tear through the opposing army at w i l l.

ROYAL TERRORGHEISTS

Nightmarish beings born of
the oldest Shyishan sorceries,
Terrorgheists are undead monsters
bound to the will of the abhorrant
kings. At some point they were
proud creatures of flesh and blood,
but now they are heaving carcasses
of rotting muscle and cracked bone,
with a vampiric thirst equal to that
of their masters. They soar over the
throng of combat, their otherworldly
senses seeking great foes to slay.
Especially large enemies are snatched
up, the Terrorgheist sinking its
fangs into warm flesh and drinking
deep. The foul creatures strengthen
visibly as they wolf down their prey,
their ragged flesh regenerating and
wounds disappearing, to the dismay
of their enemies.

A Terrorgheist’s
fangs are far from
its deadliest weapon, and the beast’s
scream is as unmistakable as it is
devastating. A high-pitched wail, it
cuts across the battlefield, shattering
the minds of nearby prey. Those
not slain outright are reduced to
gibbering wrecks, howling as blood
runs freely from their ears and eyes.

is but an illusion created by the vast
quantities of dark energy used to
animate such a creature, and it is
raw amethyst magic that emanates
from the monster’s
skull. Only the
strongest wielders of necromantic
power can command these
creatures, and without their wi l l
the beasts are swiftly rendered inert
once more.

ROYAL ZOMBIE DRAGONS

The sky shudders to the beat of
leathery wings when a Zombie
Dragon descends upon its prey. As
the stench of the beast washes over
the enemy,
the air becomes chill,
for the aura of death around the
undead dragon is strong. Its eye
sockets glimmer with what appears
to be a ghostly intelligence. Yet
this

The darkness that animates a
Zombie Dragon is never more
evident than when it expels its
breath, spewing it forth as a coiling
cloud of pestilential death magic.
This ki l ling miasma withers flesh
and corrodes the soul, instantly
sapping the life from living beings.
In its wake are left husks where once
were soldiers.


PAGEBREAK
Insane Manifestations

INSANE MANIFESTATIONS

Like all vampiric creatures, abhorrants draw their magic from the deathly energies of Shyish. Since the
necroquake, many of their most powerful conjurations persist as undying spells, blighting the landscape in
perpetuity or feeding off madness and fear as they car ve their way across the realms.

CORPSEMARE STAMPEDE

With a bellowed word, an abhorrant
sends tendrils of sickly light lancing
from his outstretched fingers. These
beams of necrotic energy plunge
into the earth, causing the ground
to heave violently upwards until it
cracks open and a quintet of rotting
horses bursts forth. These undead
steeds charge headlong into whatever
hapless victims stand before
them, crushing packed ranks of
infantr y beneath the thrash of their
gore-encrusted hooves.

To the abhorrant who summoned it,
a Corpsemare Stampede appears as
a herd of graceful beasts formed of
purest light. He sees them surging
forwards in radiant splendour,
driven by inherent nobility to lay
low all who are wicked of heart.
Mordants who behold the stampede
are overcome with a sense of
humility,
for they know that the
judgement of the enchanted beings is
levelled at them, just as it is against
their enemies, and that the beasts
wi l l deliver the king’s fur y upon
them if they are found wanting.

Yet
in truth there is no such rhyme
or reason to the stampede’s path.
The insane sorcery that animates
the corpsemares causes them
to wheel and charge in erratic
patterns, barrelling through rows of
screaming warriors in one direction
before switching course and bolting
towards a fresh set of bodies. A
blood-chilling whine issues from
their skeletal jaws as they move
across the battlefield, and with every
hoof-fall comes a deafening crack of
dark magic. Even the most dauntless
shield wall cannot hold them back
– armour crumples, bones shatter
and organs burst as the corpsemares
ride over their victims. Any attempt
to strike them down proves utterly
fruitless, for the ragged flesh of
the horses’ bodies sloughs away
rapidly, only to be replaced with the
gore of those crushed into the mud
beneath them.

CHALICE OF USHORAN

Before his corruption, Ushoran
crafted an ensorcelled goblet with
which he could bestow blessings
upon his loyal subjects. Wrought
from gold and silver, and encrusted
with realmstone from the lands
he conquered,
it was said that
this goblet drew into itself the
finest vintages from each liberated
domain, and in this way never
ran dry. Those who supped this
wine were imbued with a portion
of their king’s majesty, and could
stay the hand of death with a mere
command. Though this famed
chalice has been lost to the ravages
of time, abhorrants who invoke
the name of the Carrion King
can summon its simulacrum to
the battlefield.

When manifested, the Chalice
of Ushoran appears as a colossal
construction of polished bone. Each
of the sku l ls that form its rim is of
a pretender who was slaughtered at
the hand of the Carrion King, and
the cup overflows not with wine,
but with the blood and viscera of
those butchered on the battlefield.
The screaming spirits of the slain
bear the chalice aloft, and with every
fresh k i l l their gore rises higher
within the receptacle, overflowing
and drenching nearby Flesh-eaters.
Bathed in this necromantic har vest,
wounds seal closed and severed
limbs regrow, and even those
mordants who have been cut down
may rise to fight once more.

CADAVEROUS
BARRICADE

Those Flesh-eaters who believe
themselves to be especially pious
may call upon ancestral spirits to
aid them in battle. By invoking
oaths sworn many centuries ago
by civilisations that bowed before
Ushoran, an abhorrant gives life
to the buried dead that served his
sovereign in bygone times. From
long-forgotten tombs they emerge,
rising up to the battlefield so that
they may once more fight for the
cause of their lord.

In the eyes of an abhorrant, the
dead upon whom they have called
manifest as mighty spectral
warriors, clad in ornate armour
and carr ying broad shields. The
spiritual guardians form up into a
tight defensive position, and from
within their ranks rises a barrier
of impenetrable light. They were
once defenders of Ushoran’s
empire,
charged with protecting the walls of
his keeps and castles for all eternity,
and they diligently carr y on this
duty from beyond the grave. Silent
and dauntless, they stand firm as
the enemy charges, holding back
waves of foes whilst shielding the
abhorrant’s armies from hails of
arrows and bolts.

But these spectral defenders are
an illusion seen only in the insane
minds of the Flesh-eaters. It is not
gleaming warriors that rise from
the grave, but mouldering corpses
imbued with mindless hunger
and rage. As they claw their way
up through the ground they drag
with them twisted remnants of the
ancient civilisation of which they
were once a part – rusted palisades
covered with gore and barbed fences
that surrounded mass graves. Foetid
blood spills forth from the wound
in the earth, releasing a nauseating
fume into the air, while cadaverous
hands grasp at any foes foolish
enough to stray within reach of the
moaning dead.


PAGEBREAK
A seething throng of Flesh-eaters
from the Morgaunt Grand Court descend upon the Ironjawz
army that has invaded their bone-strewn homeland.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
GRISLY PAGEANTRY

GRISLY PAGEANTRY

With their filth-encrusted flesh, gore-covered claws and macabre accoutrements, Flesh-eater Courts Citadel
Miniatures are a horrific presence on any tabletop. Here we present a showcase of these miniatures, expertly
painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

An Abhorrant Archregent perched atop his Charnel Throne surveys the cannibalistic forces gathered around him, his
mere presence serving to twist their deranged perception of reality even further.


PAGEBREAK
Crypt Ghast
Cour tier

Crypt Ghouls

Mordants

surround their greenskin foes on the battlefield, moving in to rip their prey limb from limb before carrying
away the tattered pieces of flesh as offerings to their Ghoul King.


PAGEBREAK
Abhorrant Ghoul King

Varghulf Cour tier

Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Terrorgheist


PAGEBREAK
Hollowmourne
Crypt Flayer

Morgaunt
Crypt Flayer

Abhorrant Archregent

Crimson gore soaks into the sun-parched earth as an Abhorrant Archregent
leads his maddened followers to battle
against the rage-filled servants of the Blood God.


PAGEBREAK
Crypt Horrors

Closing in on their prey, snarling packs of Crypt Ghouls and Crypt Horrors surge through the miasmal mists, their
mouths agape in anticipation of the feast to come.


PAGEBREAK
Seeing themselves as crusading knights, Flesh-eaters of the Hollowmourne Grand Court barrel headlong towards the
Stormcast Eternals’ defensive line, howling their gibberish war cries as they charge.


PAGEBREAK
MANIFEST INSANITY

MANIFEST INSANITY

Gristlegore Crypt Horror

Blisterskin Crypt Flayer

Shyishan Crypt Horror


PAGEBREAK
The appearance of each Flesh-eater Court is a reflection of its abhorrants’ madness. Cannibals see themselves
dressed in the brightly coloured armour and fine regalia of their domain, and through dark magics their skin and
muscles take on these colours.

Morgaunt Flesh-eaters race across the wind-whipped plain towards their foe, their madness
blinding them to the illusory magics of the Disciples of Tzeentch.


PAGEBREAK
Corpsemare Stampede

Chalice of Ushoran


PAGEBREAK
Cadaverous Barricade

Skaven of the Clans Skryre burrow up into Chamon to plunder a fabled empire, only to find the
snarling ranks of a Flesh-eater Court waiting for them amongst the ancient ruins.


PAGEBREAK
DEATHLY
REVENANTS

DEATHLY REVENANTS

Flesh-eaters gather in the crumbling ruins of long-dead civilisations, drawn by the cal l of the abhorrants and
bound by their madness into armies of cannibal warriors. There are many ways to collect a Flesh-eater Courts
army, and this spread offers one example of how a hungering horde can be mustered for war.

When collecting a Warhammer Age
of Sigmar army,
it’s a good idea to
have a plan. How you decide which
units to include in your Flesh-eater
Courts army might be based on the
look of the models, how you envision
them performing during a tabletop
battle, or could follow a narrative
found in a battletome or even one
of your own invention. There is no
single right way to collect your army,
only the way you deem best. The
goal is the same – to field a ravenous
Flesh-eater Courts army that is ready
for action! Here is how we assembled
the collection shown below.

The leader of this army is Visk the
Blood-drinker, a mighty Abhorrant
Archregent. Not only is he a visually
impressive general for the army, he
is also a savage combatant who can
use deathly magic to strengthen
his allies and rip apart his foes.
At his side is his royal lieutenant,
King Manglemaw, an Abhorrant
Ghoul King who rides a monstrous
Terrorgheist
into battle. Both Visk
and Manglemaw have the ability
to summon their insane minions
directly into the thick of combat,
allowing them to bolster the strength
of their army when needed.

Commanding the right flank is the
Varghulf Courtier known as the
Marquis de Flense. Ardently loyal to
his Ghoul King and his Archregent,
he flies above the battlefield
accompanied by an escort of Crypt
Flayers, seeking out the thickest clots
of enemy warriors upon whom to
sate his bloodlust. Meanwhile, on
the ground below, a Crypt Haunter –
granted the title of Lord Slendernail
by his abhorrant for his feats in
combat – leads his Crypt Horrors in
loping charges against the foe, tearing
through the ranks of opposing armies
with gruesome enthusiasm.


PAGEBREAK
On the opposite flank, the darkly
charismatic Crypt Haunter Courtier,
Lord Scabmire, howls gibberish
commands to the cannibals he leads.
A unit of Crypt Horrors serves as his
battlefield bodyguard, slaughtering
any enemies that draw near their
lord, or roaming out alongside him
in search of fresh prey. Arrayed in
front of Scabmire are four units of
Crypt Ghouls, the foot soldiers of the
court. They race forwards in heaving
packs to overwhelm the enemy, their
blood-encrusted claws tearing at
the ground and their mouths agape
in anticipation of the feast to come.
They are the true core of the army,
in
terms of both the carnage they can
unleash and in the visual impact they
have on the tabletop.

Bringing up the rear of Visk’s
insane
throng are more winged creatures

of the court – nightmarish flyers
that can hunt the skies above the
battlefield. A Royal Terrorgheist
and a Royal Zombie Dragon drawn
from the Ghoul King’s menagerie
provide an intimidating presence on
either flank, while behind them are
two more units of Crypt Flayers. All
of these highly mobile and deadly
creatures can swoop swiftly to
wherever they are needed, flocking
towards the front lines to add their
savagery to an assault, or hunting
down and picking off lone units.

As a whole, this Flesh-eater Courts
army presents a collector and
painter with a variety of gruesome
creatures, and with an assortment
of heroes, monsters and mordant
troops, it also serves as a competitive
tabletop force offering many exciting
gaming options.

1. Abhorrant Archregent
2. Abhorrant Ghoul King on
Royal Terrorgheist
3. Varghulf Courtier
4. Crypt Haunter Courtier
5. Crypt Horrors
6. Crypt Horrors
7. Crypt Flayers
8. Crypt Flayers
9. Crypt Flayers
10. Crypt Ghouls
11. Crypt Ghouls
12. Crypt Ghouls
13. Crypt Ghouls
14. Royal Terrorgheist
15. Royal Zombie Dragon

‘These wretches are a blight on our

beloved homelands, and must be

slaughtered one and all.

Join with me,

my countrymen, as I show these curs

the resolve of true nobility.’

- Visk the Blood-drinker


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
FLESH-EATER
COURTS

PAINTING YOUR
FLESH-EATER COURTS

Whether you have never painted a Citadel Miniature in your life or are a master of the brush with decades of
experience, the prospect of painting a Flesh-eater Courts army offers an exciting challenge. On the following
pages you w i l l find stage-by-stage guides to get you started, with tips and examples from the experts.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures. There is real satisfaction
to be had in adding colour to your
collection, teasing out the finely
sculpted details, making your
miniatures your own, and creating a
unified force. After all, one painted
model looks great, but an entire
army brought together through
shared colours, iconography and
grim heraldry is even more fantastic.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art,
lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstaking ly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs
that allow them to quickly complete

legions of finished warriors. And,
of course, there is plenty of middle
ground for those that enjoy painting
their troops but want to devote
special attention to key figures such
as heroes and monsters. Again, there
is no one way to paint,
just the way
that works best for you. In the end,
the goal is to field a fully painted
court on the tabletop – and with
many insane, snarling cannibals
in its throng, their fangs and claws
encrusted with viscera, a Flesh-eater
Courts army can be truly terrifying
to behold.

Before painting your models,
you’ ll first need to assemble them.
To begin with, we suggest you
follow the advice given in the
construction booklet provided with
your models. The following pages
provide inspiration for how you

can paint your constructed models,
including colour schemes for
many of the most infamous Grand
Courts, but for in depth painting
tutorials we recommend visiting our
Warhammer TV YouTube channel.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

MORGAUNT GRAND COURT

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Corax White Spray to the
entire miniature.

Shade skin areas
with a 1:1 mixture of
Agrax Earthshade and
Lahmian Medium.

Layer with Pallid
Wych Flesh.

Use White Scar to apply
highlights to raised areas.

BLOODY HANDS

BRASS

MOUTH

CLAWS & SPINES

Apply Carroburg Crimson
over the finished skin.

Base: Fulgurite Copper
Shade: Agrax Earthshade
Layer : Fulgurite Copper
Highlight: Stormhost Silver

Base: Rhinox Hide
Teeth: Screaming Skull
Tongue: Screamer Pink
followed by Pink Horror

Base: Rhinox Hide
Highlight: Skrag Brown,
then Balor Brown, then
Screaming Skull


PAGEBREAK
WING MEMBRANE

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Khorne Red to the
wing membrane.

Wash with a 1:1 mixture
of Druchii Violet and
Lahmian Medium.

Layer with Wazdakka Red.

Highlight the tattered
edges with Squig Orange.

ALTERNATE WING COLOURS

Apply a basecoat of Karak Stone
and then shade with Seraphim Sepia
mixed with Lahmian Medium in a
1:1 ratio. Layer Karak Stone on the
raised sections of the membrane,
then apply Abaddon Black mixed
with Lahmian Medium in a 1:1 ratio
in progressive thin layers to build up
the darkened effect.

Apply a basecoat of Khorne Red,
wash with a 1:1 mixture of Druchii
Violet and Lahmian Medium, then
layer with Wazdakka Red. Highlight
the edges with Squig Orange
followed by Fire Dragon Bright.
Finally, paint in the pattern using
Abaddon Black with Mechanicus
Standard Grey highlights.

Apply a basecoat of Ushabti Bone,
shade with a 1:1 mixture of Seraphim
Sepia and Lahmian Medium, then
layer with Ushabti Bone on the upper
sections of the membrane. Highlight
the raised areas with Screaming
Skull. Paint in the pattern with a
thin coat of Xereus Purple.

BONES

EXPOSED MUSCULATURE

FUR

Apply a basecoat of Rakar th Flesh,
shade with Seraphim Sepia, then
layer with Rakar th Flesh lengthwise
down the bone. Finish with a
highlight of Pallid Wych Flesh.

Use Khorne Red as a basecoat, then
add a Nuln Oil Gloss wash for a wet
appearance. Highlight with Evil
Sunz Scarlet on the upper sections
of the muscle, followed by a final
highlight of Fire Dragon Bright.

Apply a basecoat of Khorne Red,
then use thin coats of Nuln Oil to
build up shade on the lower areas of
the fur. Drybrush the upper areas
with Evil Sunz Scarlet, followed by a
fine highlight with Kislev Flesh.


PAGEBREAK
BLISTERSKIN GRAND COURT

1

2

3

4

Spray with Corax White,
then apply a basecoat of
Squig Orange.

Apply shade using
Carroburg Crimson.

Layer with
Cadian Fleshtone.

Use Karak Stone to
highlight raised areas.

BURNT FLESH

PALE CHEST

PURPLE TO BLACK WING

Stipple Abaddon Black over finished
skin to achieve a burnt effect.

(Over finished skin) Base: Rakarth
Flesh; Wash: 1:1 Druchii Violet
and Lahmian Medium; Highlight:
Rakarth Flesh layer; Pallid Wych Flesh

GRISTLEGORE GRAND COURT

Base: Screamer Pink
Dr ybrush: Kislev Flesh

Layer and stippling: Abaddon Black

Shade: Nuln Oil Gloss

1

2

3

4

Spray with Corax White,
then apply a basecoat of
Celestra Grey.

Apply shade using
Coelia Greenshade.

Layer with Celestra Grey.

Use Ulthuan Grey to
highlight raised areas.

AMBER BONES

BLOOD MARKINGS

ROTTEN CORPSE

Base: XV-88

Shade: Seraphim Sepia
Layer : Tau Light Ochre
Highlight: Screaming Skull

Apply splatters of Blood for the
Blood God over finished skin to
make handprints.

Base: Ogr yn Camo
Shade: Athonian Camoshade
Layer : Ogr yn Camo
Highlight: Pallid Wych Flesh


PAGEBREAK
HOLLOWMOURNE GRAND COURT

1

2

3

4

Spray with Corax White
then apply a basecoat of
Celestra Grey.

Apply shade using
Athonian Camoshade.

Layer with
Administratum Grey.

Use Ulthuan Grey to
highlight raised areas.

BLACKENED HIDE

RED WING

BOILS

Apply Incubi Darkness over finished
skin around the base of the bones.

Base: Khorne Red
Shade: 1:1 Nuln Oil and
Lahmian Medium
Drybrush: Wazdakka Red, then
Kislev Flesh

Over finished skin, shade with
Casandora Yellow,
then apply a
highlight of Ulthuan Grey.

NECROTIC FLESH

BASING YOUR FLESH-EATER COURT MINIATURES

Spray with Chaos Black, then apply
a basecoat of Abaddon Black. Next
use Mechanicus Standard Grey to
lightly drybrush the raised areas.
Then apply another drybrushed
layer of Dawnstone. Then, using
Administratum Grey, drybrush
around the sores and open wounds.

Use bones from the Crypt Horrors
kit, cut at random angles, and
strew them around the base. After
an undercoat of Chaos Black,
apply Agrellan Ear th followed by a
drybrush of Mechanicus Standard
Grey and a second drybrush of
Dawnstone. Paint the bones using
the guide on page 51, and apply
random patches of Blood For The
Blood God in thick coats to create
the pools of blood.

Apply an undercoat of Chaos Black
Spray to a Shattered Dominion
base, followed by a basecoat of
Stormvermin Fur,
then shade with
Athonian Camoshade and drybrush
with Karak Stone. Next, scatter
skulls from the Citadel Skulls basing
kit around the edge in small piles:
to paint them, follow the guide on
page 51. Apply Blood For The Blood
God in random splatter patterns to
complete the gruesome effect.


PAGEBREAK
RAVENOUS HORDES

RAVENOUS HORDES

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Flesh-eater Courts miniatures on the battlefields
of the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Flesh-eater
Courts army. The rules for how to
use the following allegiance abilities
can be found in the core rules.

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Flesh-eater Courts army (pg 55).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of
a Flesh-eater Courts army if it is a
HERO (pg 56).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Flesh-eater Courts army (pg 57).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Flesh-eater Courts army (pg 58).

The following unique allegiance
abilities are also available to a Flesh-
eater Courts army. The rules for how
to use these allegiance abilities can
be found on the relevant pages.

MOUNT TRAITS

Traits for the mounts ridden by
HEROES in a Flesh-eater Courts
army (pg 59).

CHARNEL THRONE

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Charnel
Throne (pg 60-61).

GRAND COURTS

Abilities for four of the most famous
Flesh-eater Grand Courts (pg 62-65).
These rules can be used by units in
a Flesh-eater Courts army that have
been given the appropriate keyword
(see the Grand Courts Battle
Trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Flesh-eater Courts army (pg 66-67).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Flesh-eater Courts collection in
Path to Glory campaigns (pg 68-71).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Flesh-eater
Courts miniatures.

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Flesh-eater Courts units
that combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 72-75).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Flesh-
eater Courts unit, along with its
characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 76-85).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that can
be summoned by FLESH-EATER

COURTS WIZARDS (pg 86-87).

The rules for playing games with
endless spells can be found in the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core
Book , and in Warhammer Age of
Sigmar : Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 88).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies
a Flesh-eater Courts army can
include (pg 88).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

RAVENOUS INSANITY

DEATHLESS COURTIERS

When Flesh-eaters linger in the shadow of their
stronger kin, their sundered flesh heals in an instant.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS
unit wholly within 12" of a friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS HERO. On a 6 that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

GRAND COURTS

Some cour ts are infamous across the Mortal Realms
for their depravity and slaughter.

Battle Traits

After you have chosen the Flesh-eater Courts
allegiance for your army, you can choose one of the
following Grand Court keywords. All FLESH-EATER
COURTS units in your army gain that keyword. You
cannot pick or roll a delusion (see below) for a Grand
Court, but all units with that keyword benefit from
the extra abilities detailed for that Grand Court.

• MORGAUNT (pg 62)
• BLISTERSKIN (pg 64)

• HOLLOWMOURNE (pg 63)
• GRISTLEGORE (pg 65)

COURTS OF DELUSION

The warriors of a Flesh-eater Cour t believe
themselves noble soldiers serving a glorious king.

Before you select your general’s command trait,
pick one of the delusions to the right for the army to
have. Alternatively, you can roll a dice to randomly
determine the delusion the army has. The delusion
applies to all friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS units
for the duration of the battle, even if the general is
slain (if you must select a new general during the
battle, do not generate a new delusion for the army).

COMMAND ABILITY

Feeding Frenzy : As the court closes upon its
enemies, the nobility signal for the feasting to begin.

You can use this command ability after a friendly
FLESH-EATER COURTS unit has fought in the
combat phase for the first time and is wholly within

12" of a friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS HERO,

or wholly within 18" of a friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS HERO that is a general. If you do so, that
unit can immediately make a pile-in move and then
attack with all of the melee weapons it is armed with
for a second time. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this ability more than once per phase.

D6 Delusion
1

Crusading Army : The wicked and impious
must be ridden down wherever they are.

Add 1 to run and charge rolls for friendly

FLESH-EATER COURTS units.

2 The Royal Hunt: It is a great honour to slay the
largest quarry in preparation for the feast.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 and wound rolls of
1 for attacks made by friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS units that target a MONSTER .

3 The Feast Day : All members of the court make
merry on this day of celebration.

Once per turn, you can use the Feeding Frenzy
command ability without a command point
being spent.

4

A Matter of Honour : The enemy will repent
only when their wretched leaders are dead.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
by friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS units that
target a HERO. If the target is a general, you can
re-roll wound rolls of 1 as well.

5 The Grand Tournament: Noble warriors vie for

the admiration of their king.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by

friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS HEROES other

than your general.

6

Defenders of the Realm: The sovereign’s

domain must be purged of ev il.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for friendly FLESH-
EATER COURTS units that have at least half their
models wholly within their own territory.

Muster Abilities: Several Flesh-eater Courts units
have Muster abilities, such as Muster Royal Guard
(pg 82), that allow you to return slain models to a
unit. If you use a Muster ability, set up the returning
models one at a time within 1" of a model from
the unit they are returning to (this can be a model
returned earlier that phase). The models can only be
set up within 3" of an enemy unit if any models from
their unit are already within 3" of that enemy unit.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

ROYALTY

ABHORRANT HEROES only.

Command Trait

Bringer of Death: This general sees every enemy
as a wretch that must be put out of its misery.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by
this general.

Frenzied Flesh-eater : The sight of a bleeding foe
spurs this ghoulish creature into a frenzy.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made by this general if there are any enemy
models that have suffered any wounds within 3"
of this general.

Savage Beyond Reason: The fury of battle drives
this general
into an intense rage.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this general is 6, that
attack inflicts 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit.

4

5

6

Majestic Horror : The champion’s

grim regality
draws countless cannibalistic warriors to
his banner.

If this general is chosen as the model that uses a
command ability that summons FLESH-EATER
COURTS models to the battlefield, they can use
it without a command point having to be spent.

Dark Wizardr y : An aura of necromantic energy
hangs thick around this creature.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls
for this general.

Completely Delusional: The followers of this

general see all that is in his mind’s eye.

Once per battle,
if this general has not been
slain, you can pick a new delusion in your hero
phase to replace the original delusion you chose
for your army (see page 55).

NOBILITY

COURTIER HEROES only.

Command Trait

Bringer of Death: This general sees every enemy
as a wretch to be put out of their misery.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by
this general.

Frenzied Flesh-eater : The sight of a bleeding foe
spurs this ghoulish creature into a frenzy.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made by this general if there are any enemy
models that have suffered any wounds within 3"
of this general.

Savage Beyond Reason: The fury of battle drives
this general
into an intense rage.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this general is 6, that
attack inflicts 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit.

4

5

6

Hulking Brute: This cour tier towers above
others of its kin.

Add 1 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Cruel Taskmaster : The warriors under this
courtier’s command instantly obey his summons.

If this general uses a Muster ability you can
re-roll the dice for this general that determine
if slain models are returned to units (you must
re-roll all of the dice).

Dark Acolyte: This cour tier has learnt some of
the dark ar ts of wizardry.

This general gains the WIZARD keyword and
can cast and unbind spells in the same manner

as an ABHORRANT GHOUL KING from the

Abhorrant Ghoul King warscroll (pg 79).


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

ROYAL TREASURY

ABHORRANT HEROES only.

D6

Artefact of Power

1

2

3

Signet of the First Court: Carved into the tangled

sinew of this ancient ring is a deranged symbol
that bestows the wearer with monstrous streng th.

If
the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by the bearer with a melee weapon is 6, add 1 to
the damage inflicted by that attack.

Splintervane Brooch: Those pierced by this shard
of bone grow spiny protrusions from their flesh
that absorb the flow of magic.

Subtract 1 from casting rolls for enemy WIZARDS
while they are within 18" of the bearer.

Blood-river Chalice: When the blood contained
in this vessel is quaffed, the grisly fluid reknits
even the most grievous wound.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so, heal
up to D6 wounds allocated to the bearer.

4

5

6

The Grim Garland: Formed from the skulls of
kings and emperors, this morbid wreath evokes
fear in even the bravest champion.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 6" of the bearer.

The Dermal Robe: Once the skin of a power ful
sorcerer,
this cloak can only be donned by eating
the current wearer out of it.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls
for the bearer.

Heart of the Gargant: This quivering slab of

flesh still beats with the streng th of the gargant
from which it was torn, and each bite bestows
colossal might.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so, you
can re-roll failed wound rolls for the bearer and
their mount in that phase.

NOBLE HEIRLOOMS

COURTIER HEROES only.

D6

Artefact of Power

1

2

Keening Bone: After this gnarled club has been
hurled at an enemy,
it will return to the hand of
the last fiend to have tasted its juicy marrow.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Increase
the Range characteristic of that weapon to 3".

Medal of Madness: This gruesome badge is
staked to the chest and allows the bearer to speak
with the voice of their abhorrant.

Once per battle round, the bearer can use a
command ability on their warscroll without a
command point being spent, and they are treated
as if they were a general when they do so.

3

The Flayed Pennant: This dripping flag sends
denizens of the cour ts into a frenzy.

You can re-roll charge rolls for friendly FLESH-
EATER COURTS units wholly within 12" of
the bearer.

4

5

6

Carrion Wand: The thigh bone of this Ghoul King
still carries a portion of his mad magic.

In your hero phase, the bearer can attempt to cast
the Arcane Bolt spell as if they were a WIZARD. If
the bearer is a WIZARD, add 1 to the casting roll
when they attempt to cast Arcane Bolt instead.

The Fleshform Raiment: This cloak gives

the wearer the form of their enemies’
deepest nightmares.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of the bearer.

The Bilious Decanter : The fluid in this offal flask
fills the drinker with unquenchable rage.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of the bearer’s
melee weapons in that phase.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each WIZARD in a Flesh-eater Courts army.

LORE OF MADNESS

5

Deranged Transformation: The spellcaster

causes the limbs of a nearby pack to bulge and
leng then, allowing the creatures to charge
forwards at a furious pace.

Deranged Transformation has a casting value of
6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit with a
Wounds characteristic of up to 6 that is wholly
within 24" of the caster and visible to them. Add
that unit’s Wounds characteristic to its Move
characteristic until your next hero phase. For
example,
if the unit had a Wounds characteristic
of 6, you would add 6" to its Move characteristic.
If the casting roll was 10 or more, you can pick
up to 3 friendly units to be affected by the spell
instead of 1.

6

Blood Feast: The caster draws out the life essence
of nearby foes and uses it to heal the injured
warriors of their cour t.

Blood Feast has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
12" of the caster that is visible to them, and a
friendly FLESH-EATER COURTS unit within
6" of that enemy unit. The enemy unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. If the casting roll was 10 or
more, the enemy unit suffers D6 mortal wounds
instead of D3 mortal wounds.

Then, for each mortal wound that was inflicted
on the enemy unit, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to the friendly unit. If the friendly
unit has a Wounds characteristic of 1, for
each mortal wound that was inflicted on the
enemy unit, you can return 1 slain model to the
friendly unit instead.

D6

1

Spell

Bonestorm: The wizard summons a swirling
whirlwind of splintered bone to slice through
his enemies.

2

3

4

Bonestorm has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, roll a dice for each enemy unit
within 12" of the caster. On a 2+ that unit suffers
1 mortal wound.

Spectral Host: The mage intones a prayer to
their forebears, summoning a flurry of gheists
that lifts their allies high in the air and carries
them forwards before bringing them safely back
to the ground.

Spectral Host has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 12" of the caster that is visible to them.
That unit can fly until your next hero phase. If
that unit can already fly, until your next hero
phase it can run and still charge in the same
turn. If the casting roll was 10 or more, you can
pick up to 3 friendly units to be affected by the
spell instead of 1.

Monstrous Vigour : The wizard summons forth a
burst of sustaining energy, allowing a grievously
wounded creature to fight with renewed streng th.

Monstrous Vigour has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS MONSTER within 24" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
when you look up a value on that MONSTER ’s
damage table, that MONSTER is treated as if it
has suffered 0 wounds.

Miasmal Shroud: The wizard calls forth a pale
mist that engulfs the foe, making it impossible for
the enemy to breathe or see their foes.

Miasmal Shroud has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster that is visible to them and roll
3 dice. For each 5+ that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. In addition, if you rolled a triple,
subtract 1 from hit and wound rolls for that
unit until your next hero phase. If you rolled a
double, subtract 1 from hit rolls only for that
unit until your next hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
Mount Traits

MOUNT TRAITS

If a Flesh-eater Courts army includes any HEROES mounted on a Royal Terrorgheist or Royal Zombie Dragon, one
of those HEROES can have a mount trait. Declare which HERO has the mount trait: you can then choose or roll for
a mount trait from the appropriate table. You can choose one extra HERO to have a mount trait for each warscroll
battalion in your army. A HERO cannot have more than one mount trait.

TERRORGHEIST TRAITS

HERO mounted on Royal Terrorgheist only.

ZOMBIE DRAGON TRAITS

HERO mounted on Royal Zombie Dragon only.

D6

1

Mount Trait

Deathly Fast: This monstrous creature strikes
with terrify ing sw iftness.

D6

1

2

3

4

5

6

This model can run and still shoot in the
same turn.

Razor-clawed: Over the centuries, this
beast’s claws and fangs have been honed to a
razor edge.

Improve the Rend characteristic of this
mount’s melee weapons by 1.

Horribly Infested: The bats that infest this
deathly monster are especially ferocious.

This model’s Infested ability inflicts 3 mortal
wounds instead of D3 mortal wounds.

Horribly Resilient: This undead monster is

nearly impossible to kill.

This model’s Royal Blood ability heals up to 3
wounds instead of up to D3 wounds.

Gruesome Bite: Few can avoid the bites
inflicted by this creature’s
fanged maw.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for attacks
made with this mount’s Fanged Maw.

Devastating Scream: This Terrorgheist’s

death shriek can overwhelm even the bravest
of foes.

Add 1 to each of the Death Shriek values on
this model’s damage table.

2

3

4

5

6

Mount Trait

Deathly Fast: This monstrous creature strikes
with terrify ing sw iftness.

This model can run and still shoot in the
same turn.

Razor-clawed: Over the centuries, this
beast’s claws and fangs have been honed to a
razor edge.

Improve the Rend characteristic of this
mount’s melee weapons by 1.

Baneful Breath: The killing miasma that this
beast breathes out is deadly beyond reason.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with this model’s Pestilential Breath.

Horribly Resilient: This undead monster is

nearly impossible to kill.

This model’s Royal Blood ability heals up to 3
wounds instead of up to D3 wounds.

Necrotic Fangs: Flesh turns to dust when
pierced by this creature’s
jagged teeth.

You can re-roll the Damage characteristic roll
for this model’s Snapping Maw.

Death From The Skies: This steed soars above
its master’s army, before swooping to attack.

Instead of setting up this model on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side
and say that it is soaring in the skies in
reserve. If you do so, at the end of your first
movement phase, you must set up this unit
on the battlefield more than 9" from any
enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
Charnel Throne

CHARNEL THRONE

Wherever the Flesh-eaters thrive in the Mortal Realms they raise up Charnel Thrones – morbid constructions that
mark the domain of an abhorrant.

A Flesh-eater Courts army can
include 1 CHARNEL THRONE terrain
feature (see opposite).

After territories have been chosen
but before armies are set up, you

can set up the CHARNEL THRONE

wholly within your territory,
wholly within 12" of the edge of
the battlefield, and more than
1" from any objectives or other
terrain features.

If both players can set up a terrain
feature before armies are set up, they
must roll off, and the winner can
choose the order in which the terrain
features are set up.

V esver the Exquisite, Lord of Slaanesh, drove his daemonic
mount up the hill, caressing the serpentine beast’s flanks with
the barbed heels of his greaves. He had carved a brutal path
across the battlefield, slaughtering those Flesh-eaters that stood in
his way, and though they had defaced his resplendent armour with
their blood and sinew, he would soon make their Ghoul King pay for
these transgressions.
As he reached the crest of the hill, Vesver plunged his quicksilver
glaive through a pair of Ghouls. After the briefest pause to relish the
sounds of their dying agonies, he looked ahead of him and at last
saw the Ghoul King of the Flesh-eaters army. It was a truly grotesque
creature – hulking, hunched and slavering, and it was perched atop
a pile of decaying skulls and ribcages that had been stacked into a
towering mockery of a throne. Vesver allowed himself to be overcome
with disgust.
‘Sssavage creature!’ he bellowed.
sssuffering that awaits–’
Vesver’s
tongue caught in his mouth – it felt mangled and misshapen.
His eyes were still fixed on the grim throne, but where it had seemed a
moment ago to be a crude construction, its true shape was beginning to
form in his mind – broad panels of burnished gold, laced together with
threads of fine silver. The king sitting in this throne was not a savage
cannibal, but a being of pure radiance, dressed in flowing robes and
possessed of undeniable majesty. Such was the glory of this sovereign
that Vesver had to avert his eyes, and when he looked down he beheld
his own w ithered form and the tattered rags in which he was garbed.
Overcome with humility, he descended from his mount and dropped to
his knees, prostrating himself before this transcendent monarch.
‘Be still,’
spoke the Ghoul King,
its voice at once calm and
commanding.
‘I shall soon put an end to your wretched existence.’

‘You cannot possibly comprehend the


PAGEBREAK
SCENERY WARSCROLL

CHARNEL THRONE

Formed from the bones of those killed by an abhorrant’s insane magic, a Charnel Throne exudes madness and
necrotic energies. They are the seats of power for Archregents and Ghoul Kings, blazing beacons to mordants, and
structures of abject horror for the enemies of the Flesh-eaters.

DESCRIPTION

A Charnel Throne is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Ghoulish Landmark: A Ghoul King’s

followers are inspired by the presence
of a Charnel Throne.

FLESH-EATER COURTS units treat

this terrain feature as having the
Inspiring scenery rule. All other
units treat this terrain feature as
having the Sinister scenery rule.

Inspiring: Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of units while they
are within 1" of any Inspiring
terrain features.

Sinister : Subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of units while
they are within 1" of any Sinister
terrain features.

Ruler of All He Surveys: When

an abhorrant sits upon a Charnel
Throne, his followers flock to his feet.

An ABHORRANT ARCHREGENT

that is within 1" of this terrain
feature can use the Summon
Imperial Guard command ability
without a command point being
spent. In addition, an ABHORRANT
GHOUL KING that is within 1" of
this terrain feature can use the
Summon Men-at-arms command
ability without a command point
being spent.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, FLESH-EATER COURTS, CHARNEL THRONE


PAGEBREAK
Morgaunt Grand Court

MORGAUNT GRAND COURT

Driven by an unshakable belief in their long-dead chivalric codes, Flesh-eaters of the Morgaunt Grand Court
surge out to devour all who encroach upon their domains. Their courts are amongst the oldest in the Mortal
Realms, and they gather mordants to their tattered banners in overwhelming numbers.

Flesh-eaters of the Morgaunt Grand Court believe
themselves denizens of lush and fertile lands, and see all
who encroach upon their territories as savage marauders.
In their madness they hold to principles of nobility and
honour, defending the weak and innocent whilst fighting
to topple those they perceive as wicked. But in truth, the
Morgaunt domains are vast corpse-strewn wastelands
through which massed packs of Ghouls scamper,
running down and butchering all those who are not
under the sway of their abhorrant’s delusion.

The Morgaunt nobility display a fanatical devotion
to the Ghouls that follow them. Courtiers fight with
unflagging vigour when surrounded by their subjects,
believing themselves to be bold knights standing proud
amidst their troops. So too do the teeming throngs of
lesser mordants look to the larger and more crazed
Flesh-eaters as exemplars, and in the presence of these
vaunted figures they tear into their enemies with savage
abandon. The grim charisma that the Morgaunt courtiers
and abhorrants possess sees cannibalistic wretches
drawn from far and wide to join their armies. Even in
the thick of battle, fresh packs of Ghouls continue to
scrabble towards the maddened calls of the nobility – an
unending flow of claws and fangs with which to butcher
even the largest opposing force.

ABILITIES
Bloody Loyalty : The cour tiers and ser fs of the
Morgaunt Grand Cour t share a bond of loyalty and
fight fiercely on each other’s behalf .

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for friendly MORGAUNT
COURTIER units that are wholly within 12" of a
friendly MORGAUNT SERFS unit. In addition, while a
friendly MORGAUNT SERFS unit is wholly within 12"
of a friendly MORGAUNT COURTIER , its Boundless
Ferocity ability activates if the SERFS unit has 10 or
more models.

COMMAND ABILITY
Heaving Masses: Morgaunt cour ts crush their enemies
with wave after wave of pallid warriors.

You can use this command ability when a friendly
MORGAUNT SERFS unit is destroyed. If you do so, roll
a dice. On a 4+ a new unit identical to the one that was
destroyed is added to your army. Set up the new unit
wholly within 6" of the edge of the battlefield and more
than 9" from any enemy models.

COMMAND TRAIT

A MORGAUNT general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 56.

Savage Chivalr y : The rulers of the Morgaunt
Grand Cour t fight ferociously to protect the weak
and unfor tunate.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this general while
this general is within 12" of a friendly MORGAUNT
SERFS unit.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first MORGAUNT HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Decrepit Coronet.

Decrepit Coronet: Wrought

from ancient bone and
stitched together with sinew,
this gruesome crown is the
ultimate symbol of Morgaunt sovereignty.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly MORGAUNT
units while they are wholly within 12" of the bearer,
or wholly within 18" of the bearer if the bearer is
your general.


PAGEBREAK
Hollowmourne Grand Court

HOLLOWMOURNE GRAND COURT

The Hollowmourne Grand Court is formed of the wretched descendants of heavily armoured and mounted
knights from Chamon. Their numbers are replete with hulking mordants who charge headlong into battle,
eviscerating their enemies with brutal ease before gorging themselves on the mangled corpses.

The madness of the Hollowmourne Grand Court is
fuelled by a gnawing sense of unfulfilled duty. The
ancestors of these Flesh-eaters swore oaths to their
emperor to find the relics he buried across the Mortal
Realms, and to keep them from the clutches of Chaos.
The nature and location of these relics has long since
been lost, but the Hollowmourne courts still rove from
realm to realm, desperately seeking the vaults in which
these treasures are buried and slaughtering all those who
stand in their path.

Before their descent into insanity,
the Knights of the
Hollowmourne were mighty and steadfast warriors. Clad
in Chamonic plate and borne to battle on horseback,
they swept aside opposing armies of far greater size
with their devastating charges. During the Age of
Chaos, when their crusade to find the hidden relics
was shattered,
the knights were forced into acts of
utter depravity – eating first their peasant servants and
eventually even their faithfu l mounts. In their deranged
state of mind, they see themselves as sti l l crusading,
riding out in armoured columns to cut down those who
would despoil the vaults that they seek. The largest and
most ferocious mordants lead the charge, their bodies
having grown to enormous proportions from feasting on
the flesh of their enemies.

ABILITIES
Shattering Charge: The largest warriors of
the Hollowmourne Grand Cour t charge with
devastating ferocity.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
with melee weapons by friendly HOLLOWMOURNE

COURTIER units and friendly HOLLOWMOURNE

KNIGHTS units that have made a charge move in the
same turn.

COMMAND ABILITY
Ravenous Crusaders: The rulers of the Hollowmourne
Grand Cour t urge their followers ever onwards .

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HOLLOWMOURNE unit wholly within 9" of a friendly
HOLLOWMOURNE HERO, or wholly within 18" of a
friendly HOLLOWMOURNE HERO that is a general.
Add 1 to run and charge rolls for that unit until your
next hero phase. In addition, until your next hero
phase, that unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

COMMAND TRAIT

A HOLLOWMOURNE general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 56.

Grave Robber : The regents of the Hollowmourne
Grand Cour t have sworn a sacred oath to recover the
ar tefacts lost by their emperor centuries ago.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic and Damage
characteristic of this general’s melee weapons while
this general is within 3" of any enemy HEROES with an
artefact of power.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first HOLLOWMOURNE HERO to receive

an artefact of power must be given the
Corpsefane Gauntlet.

Corpsefane Gauntlet: This glove of decrepit flesh seeps
black blood as its wearer charges into battle.

After this model makes a charge move, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this model and roll a dice. On
a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Blisterskin Grand Court

BLISTERSKIN GRAND COURT

Charred and blistered bodies fill the sky as winged Flesh-eaters of the Blisterskin Grand Court flock to battle.
Having risen from the ashes of a sun-worshipping empire, these zealous cannibals now terrorise Aqshy and
beyond, leaving trails of devastation in their wake as they spread their twisted beliefs.

With the speed of the screaming desert winds of the
Flamescar Plateau, the armies of the Blisterskin Grand
Court surge towards their foes. Though they hail from
Aqshy,
they see the Realm of Light as the most sacred
of lands, and in their deranged minds they seek to
proselytise their neighbouring kingdoms, preaching the
enlightenment of Hysh to all they encounter. Yet
in truth
they spread only insanity and horror, and instead of
imparting wisdom, a visitation by these reeking wretches
wi l l see a realm swiftly ground to dust.

In their madness, the Blisterskin royalty still see
themselves as priests and priestesses, guiding their
faithful subjects in worshipping the Hyshian sun. The
most pious mordants and courtiers are gifted with
leathery wings with which they can climb high in the
sky, allowing them to draw closer to the sun and receive
more of its glorious light. Those so blessed are viewed as
warrior-saints, and are followed by droves of mordants
as they sweep across the lands. Even the mightiest walls
cannot hold back the myriad winged cannibals that
descend from the skies, and those defenders that are not
devoured outright are butchered and left to rot in the
blazing heat of the sun. The Blisterskin then move on to
their next victims, believing they are leaving behind a
city of converts.

ABILITIES
Blistering Speed: The armies of the Blisterskin Grand
Cour t advance at a terrify ing pace.

COMMAND TRAIT

A BLISTERSKIN general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 56.

Add 2" to the Move characteristic of

BLISTERSKIN units.

COMMAND ABILITY

Lords of the Burning Skies: The winged warriors of

the Blisterskin Grand Cour t take to the skies in order to
encircle their foes.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BLISTERSKIN unit that can fly and which is wholly
within 12" of a friendly BLISTERSKIN HERO, or wholly
within 18" of a friendly BLISTERSKIN HERO that is a
general. Remove that unit from the battlefield and then
set it up again anywhere on the battlefield more than
9" from any enemy units. It may not move later in that
movement phase.

Hellish Orator : The subjects of the Blisterskin
Grand Cour t blindly follow the divine commands of
their rulers.

If this general is on the battlefield at the start of
your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 4+ you receive 1
additional command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BLISTERSKIN HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Eye of Hysh.

Eye of Hysh: Gouged from the eye socket of a crystal
drake, this orb still emits blinding beams of light that
fill the mind with v isions of horror.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target a friendly BLISTERSKIN unit
wholly within 6" of the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Gristlegore Grand Court

GRISTLEGORE GRAND COURT

The bestial Flesh-eaters of the Gristlegore Grand Court started their hunts in Ghur before preying upon lands
across other Mortal Realms. In their minds’ eye they see themselves as exemplars of tranquillity, but in truth the
Gristlegore royalty are savagery made manifest.

The Gristlegore courts were once kingdoms where
introspection and finding balance with one’s
surroundings were the highest of virtues. Amidst the
wilderness in the Realm of Beasts, where animals, plants
and even the land itself are in constant and savage
competition, the peoples of these kingdoms sought
peace and harmony. The royal families honed the art of
swordplay so that, should violence enter their domains,
they could swiftly best any enemy and save their subjects
from the horrors of war. But even the peerless martial
skill of these royals could not hold back the atrocities of
the Age of Chaos, nor the madness that was to follow.

The nobility of the Gristlegore Grand Court still believe
themselves to be harbingers of peace, who resort to
violence only when absolutely necessary, but this could
not be further from reality. Abhorrants and courtiers
charge without restraint towards whatever enemies they
see, ripping organs from bodies and severing limbs as
they thrash at their foes. Where once they would fast
for long periods to centre themselves, they now gorge
constantly on the meat and bone of those they ki l l. Packs
of mordants sometimes scrabble in their wake,
lapping
up the blood that spills to the ground, but only the
monstrous Zombie Dragons and Terrorgheists are able to
match the frenetic pace at which the nobility slaughters.

ABILITIES
Peerless Ferocity : The champions and great beasts of
the Gristlegore Grand Cour t fight with a savage fury.

COMMAND TRAIT

A GRISTLEGORE general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 56.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made by a

GRISTLEGORE HERO or GRISTLEGORE MONSTER is

6, that attack inflicts 2 hits on that target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITY
Cal l to War : The rulers of the Gristlegore Grand Cour t
can compel their subjects to bursts of horrific violence,
even when they are at the verge of death.

You can use this command ability in the combat phase

if a friendly GRISTLEGORE HERO or GRISTLEGORE

MONSTER that has not fought in that phase is slain
while it is wholly within 12" of a friendly GRISTLEGORE
HERO, or wholly within 18" of a friendly GRISTLEGORE
HERO that is a general. If you do so, before that model
is removed from play,
it can make a pile-in move and
then attack with all of the melee weapons it is armed
with. You cannot pick the same unit to benefit from this
ability more than once per phase.

Savage Strike: A Gristlegore abhorrant can overwhelm
a foe before they get a chance to fight back.

This general fights at the start of the combat phase,
before the players pick any other units to fight in that
combat phase. This general cannot fight again in that
combat phase unless an ability or spell allows it to fight
more than once.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first GRISTLEGORE HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Ghurish Mawshard.

Ghurish Mawshard: This splinter of realmstone allows
the bearer’s
jaw to gape wide and devour a v ictim.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can pick 1 enemy model within 1" of the bearer
and roll a dice. If the roll is greater than that model’s
Wounds characteristic, that model is slain.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Stirring the Nest

BATTLEPLAN

STIRRING THE NEST

within 16" of your general. That unit
can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

INTRUDER COMMAND
ABILITY

Force a Passage: With a desperate

command, the general calls upon
their warriors to disengage and
attempt to breach a different section
of the enemy lines.

You can use this command ability at
the start of your hero phase. If you
do so, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 16" of your general. That unit
can retreat and still charge later in
the same turn.

Such is the decrepit nature of the
lands ruled over by the Abhorrant
Ghoul Kings that it is common for
armies on the march to be entirely
unaware of the danger they are
advancing into until it is far too
late. As they advance into territory
that has seemingly been long
abandoned, swarms of Flesh-eaters
burst forth from every angle to
overwhelm the unwitting invaders.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Flesh-eater Courts
player and their opponent is the
Intruder. The Flesh-eater Courts
player must use a Flesh-eater
Courts army.

Each army has a unique command
ability, as follows.

FLESH-EATER COURTS
COMMAND ABILITY

Encircle the Prey : The general

clenches their outstretched fist – a
simple command that orders their
minions to surround their foes and
cut off their escape.

You can use this command ability at
the start of your hero phase. If you
do so, pick 1 friendly unit wholly

SET-UP

Before setting up, the Flesh-eater
Courts player must divide their
army into two groups consisting of a
roughly equal number of units.

The Intruder sets up their army
wholly within their own territory.
The Flesh-eater Courts player then
sets up all of the units in one of
the groups from their army wholly
within their own territory. The
territories are shown on the map
below. The units in the other group
are placed to one side as reserves
– they arrive as reinforcements
during the second battle round as
described below.

FIRST TURN

The Flesh-eater Courts player
decides who takes the first turn in
the first battle round.

THE NEST EMPTIED
The landscape is suddenly filled with
the Ghoul King’s minions.

At the end of the Flesh-eater Court
player’s second movement phase, the
Flesh-eater Courts player sets up all
of their reserve units wholly within
their own territory and more than 6"
from enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
In any other circumstances, the
Intruder wins a minor victory.

ESCAPE
The intruders must break through
the Flesh-eater army if they wish
to escape.

At the start of the Intruder’s hero
phase, and at the end of the fifth
battle round, any units from the
Intruder’s army that are wholly
within 6" of the edge of the
battlefield and more than 3" from
any enemy units can escape the
battle. Remove the models in those
units from play, but do not count
them as being slain.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

The battle ends at the end of the
fifth battle round, or when all the
Intruder’s units have escaped from
the battle or have been destroyed,
whichever happens first.

If none of the Intruder’s units have
escaped from the battle at the end
of the game, the Flesh-eater Court’s

player wins a major victory.

If fewer than a third of the Intruder’s
units (rounding down) have escaped
from the battle at the end of the
game, the Flesh-eater Court’s player

wins a minor victory.

If more than half of the Intruder’s
units (rounding down) have
escaped from the battle at the end
of the game, the Intruder wins a

major victory.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units

in the warband and the rewards
they can receive for fighting
battles. The warband tables
included in this battletome let
you collect a warband with the
Flesh-eater Courts allegiance,
but other Warhammer Age of
Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.
No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can
be chosen from the followers
tables for your allegiance. If your
allegiance has more than one
followers table you can freely
choose which ones you use,
selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate
and roll on the followers tables
instead. To make a followers roll,
pick a column from one of the
followers tables and then roll
a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their fu l l roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than
the minimum size shown on its
pitched battle profile.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.


PAGEBREAK
Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

2

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign.

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Flesh-eater Courts Warband Tables

FLESH-EATER COURTS WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal
Terrorgheist or Abhorrant Ghoul King on
Royal Zombie Dragon

Abhorrant Archregent

Abhorrant Ghoul King

Followers

1 unit

3 units

4 units

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-6

Followers

10 Crypt Ghouls

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

3 Crypt Flayers

3 Crypt Horrors

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

Crypt Ghast Courtier

Crypt Haunter Courtier

Crypt Infernal Courtier

MIGHTY HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-6

Followers

Varghulf Courtier

BEHEMOTH FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Royal Terrorgheist

Royal Zombie Dragon

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

Reward

1

King’s Own: At their lord’s command, these
loyal followers hurl themselves at the foe.

In the combat phase, after this unit has fought
in that combat phase for the first time, when
it is your turn to pick a unit to fight with
later in the same combat phase, this unit can
be selected to fight for a second time if it is
within 3" of any enemy units and within 6" of
your champion.

Hungry For Flesh: These demented warriors
are driven into a ravenous frenzy when they
smell blood.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat
phase, you can add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of any melee weapons used by
this unit in that combat phase.

Vendetta: These followers hold an
unshakeable hatred for one of their foes.

After armies are set up, but before the first
battle round begins, pick 1 enemy unit. Add 1
to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit that
target that enemy unit.

Gruesome Har vest: These warriors display
an uncanny talent for acquiring culinary
provisions in battle.

In your hero phase, roll 1 dice for each enemy
model within 3" of this unit. For each 6, that
model’s unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Fanatical Loyalty : These trusted subjects will
stand by their lord come what may.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for this unit.

Martial Excellence: These well-drilled

mordants fight with iron discipline.

Once per turn, you can re-roll 1 hit roll or 1
wound roll for an attack made by this unit, or
1 save roll for an attack that targets this unit.

2

3

4

5

6


PAGEBREAK
2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

2

3

4

5

6

7

Lord of Darkness: An aura of dark power
surrounds this champion, empowering
nearby cour tiers.

When a friendly COURTIER within 10" of
this champion uses a Muster ability, you can
roll 1 extra dice for that COURTIER when
determining how many slain models the Muster
ability allows you to return (usually this wi l l
mean that you roll 7 dice instead of 6 dice).

Enmity : Memories of slights and grievances
inspire this champion to commit terrible acts
of vengeance.

At the end of each battle, note down the name of
the warband you fought the battle against. Add
1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks made
by this champion that target models from that
warband for the rest of the campaign.

Terrifying Appearance: The appearance of this

champion is horrific even for a Flesh-eater.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
this champion.

Arcane Abomination: This champion has

mastered the arcane ar ts, and is one of the
mightiest spellcasters of his kind.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls
for this champion.

Haunted Blade: One of the weapons wielded
by this champion is a prison for the soul of a
champion from the world-that-was.

Pick one weapon used by this champion.
Improve the Rend characteristic of that
weapon by 1. This reward has no effect on this
model’s mount.

Hard to Ki l l: Your champion is able
to withstand injuries that would fell a
lesser warrior.

Add 1 to this champion’s Wounds characteristic.

8

9

Feared Leader : The minions that serve under
this champion’s
command have learnt never to
disobey his commands.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
units while they are wholly within 12" of
this champion.

Death Incarnate: This champion strikes with a
savage fury that inflicts terrible wounds.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for
this champion.

10

Frenzied Charge: This champion hurls himself
at the foe, his madness lending his attacks
incredible speed.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
champion’s melee weapons until the end of the
phase if this champion made a charge move in
the same turn. This reward has no effect on this
model’s mount.

11

Immortal Fiend: This Flesh-eater’s polluted
blood grants him resilience in battle, allowing
him to shrug off serious injuries with ease.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you
can heal up to D6 wounds allocated to
this champion.

12

Charismatic Fiend: This champion’s

grim
regality draws countless cannibalistic warriors to
his banner.

If this champion is chosen as the model that
uses a command ability that summons FLESH-
EATER COURTS models to the battlefield, they
can use it without a command point having to
be spent. If they do not have such a command
ability,
they can use the Summon Men-at-
arms ability from the Abhorrant Ghoul King
warscroll (pg 79) instead.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes Flesh-eater Courts warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
February 2019; the warscrolls printed in this book take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication
date or no publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CANNIBAL COURT

Cannibal Court

Upon scenting the fresh meat of an enemy army, an entire court is roused to frenzy. Packs of mordants scrabble
behind snarling courtiers, who in turn flock to the maddened howls of the abhorrants, and as one they surge
across the land in search of their next gruesome feast.

ORGANISATION

A Cannibal Court consists of the
following warscroll battalions:

• 1 Royal Family
• 1 Attendants at Court
• 1 Deadwatch (pg 74)
• 1 Abattoir (pg 74)
• 1 Ghoul Patrol (pg 74)
• 1 King’s Ghouls (pg 75)
• 1 Royal Mordants (pg 75)
• 1 Royal Menagerie (pg 75)

ABILITIES
Dark Master : The supreme ruler of a
court can summon forth minions and
sycophants from across his domain
at will.

If your general is an ABHORRANT

ARCHREGENT or ABHORRANT

GHOUL KING from this battalion,
treat their warscroll as having
the command abilities found on
the warscrolls of any other units
included in this battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Royal Family

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ROYAL FAMILY

ORGANISATION

A Royal Family consists of the following units:

• 1 Abhorrant Archregent, or 1 Abhorrant Ghoul King
on Royal Terrorgheist, or 1 Abhorrant Ghoul King
on Royal Zombie Dragon

• 2-6 Abhorrant Ghoul Kings

ABILITIES
Lords of the Manor : In the dominating presence of their
royal masters, cour tiers of every rank call forth their
minions in ever greater numbers.

When a friendly COURTIER within 10" of any models
from this battalion uses a Muster ability, you can roll 1
extra dice for that COURTIER when determining how
many slain models the Muster ability allows you to
return (usually this wi l l mean that you roll 7 dice instead
of 6 dice).

WARSCROLL BATTALION

Attendants at Court

ORGANISATION

ATTENDANTS AT COURT

An Attendants at Court battalion consists of the
following units:

• 1 Crypt Haunter Courtier

• 2 units of Crypt Horrors

ABILITIES
Loyal Subjects: The Crypt Horrors known as the
Lickspittles are the king’s most trusted subjects, and can
be relied upon to fight with murderous fury even when
they are far from their master’s gaze.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by models
from this battalion if your general is an ABHORRANT

ARCHREGENT or ABHORRANT GHOUL KING and has

not been slain.


PAGEBREAK
Deadwatch

WARSCROLL BATTALION

DEADWATCH

ORGANISATION

Abattoir

A Deadwatch consists of the following units:

• 1 Crypt Infernal Courtier

• 3 units of Crypt Flayers

ABILITIES
The Lord’s Own: Nominally the king’s bodyguard,
the winged monstrosities
that form the ranks of the
Deadwatch epitomise the belief that the best defence is a
good offence.

In your hero phase, 1 unit from this battalion that is
within 3" of an enemy unit can make a pile-in move
and then attack with all of the melee weapons it is
armed with.

Ghoul Patrol

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ABATTOIR

ORGANISATION

An Abattoir consists of the following units:

• 1 Crypt Haunter Courtier

• 2 units of Crypt Horrors

• 1 unit of Crypt Ghouls

ABILITIES
Body-part Acquisition : True to their purpose, the
Abattoir displays an uncanny talent for acquiring
culinary provisions in battle.

At the end of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for each
enemy model within 3" of any models from this
battalion. For each 6, that enemy model’s unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GHOUL PATROL

ORGANISATION

A Ghoul Patrol consists of the following units:

• 1 Crypt Ghast Courtier

• 3 units of Crypt Ghouls

ABILITIES
On Patrol : Scuttling through the shadows, the mordants
of the Ghoul Patrol burst from the darkness to ambush
their prey.

Instead of setting up a unit from this battalion on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say that it is
on patrol in reserve. At the end of your first movement
phase, you must set up all of the units from this battalion
that are in reserve. Set up each unit wholly within 6" of
the edge of the battlefield and more than 9" from any
enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
King’s Ghouls

WARSCROLL BATTALION

KING’S GHOULS

ORGANISATION

A King’s Ghouls battalion consists of the
following units:

• 1 Crypt Ghast Courtier

• 1 unit of Crypt Horrors

ABILITIES
Guardians of the Court: Tasked with protecting the lair
of their master,
the King’s Ghouls would rather fight to the
last than see it ransacked by intruders.

Do not take battleshock tests for units from this battalion
while they are wholly within 18" of the Crypt Ghast
Courtier from the same battalion.

• 2 units of Crypt Ghouls

Royal Mordants

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ROYAL MORDANTS

ORGANISATION

A Royal Mordants battalion consists of the
following units:

• 1 Varghulf Courtier

• 1 unit of Crypt Horrors

Royal Menagerie

• 1 unit of Crypt Flayers

• 1 unit of Crypt Ghouls

ABILITIES
Delusional Discipline: Well-drilled on parade and
instilled with iron discipline – to their deluded minds, at
least – the Royal Mordants heed the bestial roars of their
cour tier without a moment’s hesitation.

In your hero phase, pick 1 unit from this battalion wholly
within 16" of the Varghulf Courtier from the same
battalion. That unit can make a normal move.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ROYAL MENAGERIE

ORGANISATION

A Royal Menagerie consists of the following units:

• 3+ Royal Terrorgheists or Royal Zombie Dragons in
any combination

ABILITIES
Monstrous Ensemble: When massed together,
the
creatures of the Royal Menagerie gain mutual benefit
from the dark energies coursing through their vast bodies.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to each model from this battalion that is within
5" of any other models from the same battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Terrorgheist

WARSCROLL

14

4+

10

ABHORRANT GHOUL KING

ON ROYAL TERRORGHEIST

A spine-chilling shadow against the sky, the Abhorrant Ghoul King and his
Terrorgheist embody the eternal darkness of undeath. From the gaping maw of the
massive bat-beast, a shrill scream cuts across the battlefield, turning blood to ice.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Death Shriek

MELEE WEAPONS

Gory Talons and Fangs
Skeletal Claws
Fanged Maw

Range

10"

Range

1"
2"
3"

Attacks

1

Attacks

5

3

To Hit

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Death Shriek

6
5
4
3
2

To Wound

Rend

See below

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-2

Damage

Damage

1
D3
D6

Skeletal Claws
4
4
3
3
2

DESCRIPTION

An Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Terrorgheist
is a single model armed with Gory Talons
and Fangs.

MOUNT: This model’s Royal Terrorgheist
attacks with its Death Shriek, Skeletal Claws and
Fanged Maw.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Death Shriek: The terrify ing shriek of a
Terrorgheist
is enough to stop a warrior’s hear t.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with this model’s Death Shriek. Instead roll
a dice and add the Death Shriek value shown on
this model’s damage table. If the total is higher
than the target unit’s Bravery characteristic, the
target unit suffers a number of mortal wounds
equal to the difference between its Bravery
characteristic and the total.

Gaping Maw : This horrific creature bites a great
chunk out of its prey, or even swallows it whole.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with this model’s Fanged Maw is 6, that attack
inflicts 6 mortal wounds on the target unit and
the attack sequence ends (do not make a wound
or save roll).

Infested: When a Terrorgheist
is finally
destroyed,
it explodes into a swarm of bats that
feast on those nearby.

If this model is slain, before this model is
removed from play each unit within 3" of this
model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Royal Blood: The vampiric blood that courses
through a Ghoul King’s veins can heal even the
most terrible wounds.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Unholy
Vitality spells.

Unholy Vitality : The Abhorrant Ghoul King
infuses the crooked bodies of his minions with
dark magic, making it nigh impossible for their
enemies to stop their ravenous onslaught.

Unholy Vitality has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS unit wholly within 24" of the caster and
visible to them. Until your next hero phase, roll
a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to that unit. On a 5+ that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Summon Royal Guard: With a snarled

command, the Ghoul King calls forth his most
elite retainers .

You can use this command ability at the end
of your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly model that has this command ability and
has not used it before in the battle. That model
summons 1 unit of up to 3 KNIGHTS to the
battlefield. The summoned unit is added to your
army, and must be set up wholly within 6" of the
edge of the battlefield and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, FLESH-EATER COURTS, ABHORRANT, MONSTER, HERO,
WIZARD, ABHORRANT GHOUL KING


PAGEBREAK
An Abhorrant Ghoul King stands atop his Royal Terrorgheist,
the horrifying howls of both rider and mount serving as a clarion call to
the cour tiers and mordants of the surrounding lands.


PAGEBREAK
Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Zombie
Dragon

ABHORRANT GHOUL KING

14

4+

10

WARSCROLL

ON ROYAL ZOMBIE DRAGON

Surrounded by an aura of potent dark magic, the Abhorrant Ghoul King and his
Zombie Dragon are death incarnate. As the monster shreds foes with fangs the size of
swords, the king pulls warriors apart with his bare hands.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Pestilential Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Gory Talons and Fangs
Snapping Maw
Sword-like Claws

Range

9"

Attacks

1

To Hit

3+

To Wound

Range

1"
3"
2"

Attacks

5
3

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-3

Rend

-1
-2
-1

Damage

D6

Damage

1
D6
2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

DESCRIPTION

An Abhorrant Ghoul King on Royal Zombie
Dragon is a single model armed with Gory Talons
and Fangs.

MOUNT: This model’s Royal Zombie Dragon
attacks with its Pestilential Breath, a Snapping
Maw and Sword-like Claws.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Pestilential Breath: When a Zombie Dragon

looses its breath, the killing miasma withers flesh
and saps life from the living.

When you attack with this model’s Pestilential
Breath, roll a dice before making the hit roll for
the attack. If the roll is less than or equal to the
number of models in the target unit, the attack
scores a hit without needing to make a hit roll.

DAMAGE TABLE

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Pestilential Breath

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

Royal Blood: The vampiric blood that courses
through a Ghoul King’s veins can heal even the
most terrible wounds.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Malefic
Hunger spells.

Malefic Hunger : As the Abhorrant Ghoul King
imposes his dark will upon his minions, they see
a ripe banquet before them and descend upon it
with ravening fury.

Malefic Hunger has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, until your next hero phase
you can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS units wholly within 16" of the caster.

Sword-like Claws

7
6
5
4
3

COMMAND ABILITIES

Summon Courtier : With a keening cry, the Ghoul
King summons one of his most loyal servants to
join the fray.

You can use this command ability at the end
of your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly model that has this command ability and
has not used it before in the battle. That model
summons 1 COURTIER unit to the battlefield.
The summoned unit is added to your army,
and must be set up wholly within 6" of the edge
of the battlefield and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, FLESH-EATER COURTS, ABHORRANT, MONSTER, HERO,
WIZARD, ABHORRANT GHOUL KING


PAGEBREAK
Abhorrant Archregent

WARSCROLL

7

6"

10

4+

ABHORRANT ARCHREGENT

Archregents are Ghoul Kings that have ruled for hundreds upon hundreds of years
and have grown terrify ing ly powerful. They are supremely mighty vampiric warrior-
kings, and are accustomed to the instant obedience of all around them.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gory Talons and Fangs

Range

1"

Attacks

7

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Abhorrant Archregent is a single model
armed with Gory Talons and Fangs.

ABILITIES

Imperial Blood: An Archregent has an unnatural
vitality that heals ghastly wounds in moments.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to 3 wounds
allocated to this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Ferocious Hunger spells.

Ferocious Hunger : The Archregent’s dark sorcery
raises its minions’ cravings to still greater heights.

Ferocious Hunger has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS unit wholly within 24" of the caster and
visible to them, and roll a D3. Add the roll to the
Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by
that unit until your next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Summon Imperial Guard: With a snap of its

fingers, the Archregent
summons some of its most
trusted warriors to the battlefield.

You can use this command ability at the end of
your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model that has this command ability and has not
used it before in the battle. That model summons
1 of the following units to the battlefield: 1
COURTIER ; or 1 unit of up to 3 KNIGHTS; or 1
unit of up to 20 SERFS . The summoned unit is
added to your army, and must be set up wholly
within 6" of the edge of the battlefield and more
than 9" from any enemy units.

DEATH, VAMPIRE, FLESH-EATER COURTS, ABHORRANT, HERO, WIZARD,
ABHORRANT ARCHREGENT

KEYWORDS

Abhorrant Ghoul King

WARSCROLL

6

6"

10

4+

ABHORRANT GHOUL KING

On foot, the Abhorrant Ghoul King fights among his infantry. With his necromantic
magic, the king imbues his followers with even greater fury, urging them into battle
even as he rends apart foes with dripping claws and razor fangs.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gory Talons and Fangs

Range

1"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Abhorrant Ghoul King is a single model
armed with Gory Talons and Fangs.

ABILITIES

Royal Blood: The vampiric blood that courses
through a Ghoul King’s veins can heal even the
most terrible wounds.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Black
Hunger spells.

Black Hunger : The Ghoul King invokes a
terrify ing frenzy in his deranged minions.

Black Hunger has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly FLESH-EATER
COURTS unit wholly within 24" of the caster
and visible to them. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used by that unit
until your next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Summon Men-at-arms: With a cur t command,

the Ghoul King calls forth his finest men-at-arms.

You can use this command ability at the end
of your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly model that has this command ability
and has not used it before in the battle. That
model summons 1 unit of up to 10 SERFS to the
battlefield. The summoned unit is added to your
army, and must be set up wholly within 6" of the
edge of the battlefield and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, FLESH-EATER COURTS, ABHORRANT, HERO, WIZARD,
ABHORRANT GHOUL KING


PAGEBREAK
Varghulf Courtier

WARSCROLL

8

10"

10

5+

VARGHULF COURTIER

Blood gushing from its fanged maw and matting its fur, the Varghulf Courtier k i l ls
without restrain or reason. Even as enemies are heaped broken at its feet, it looses a
piercing howl, cal ling the warriors of the court to its side.

MELEE WEAPONS

Immense Claws
Dagger-like Fangs

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
2+

Rend

-1
-2

Damage

2
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Varghulf Courtier is a single model armed with
Immense Claws and Dagger-like Fangs.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Muster Royal Household: With a cry, the

cour tier calls forth more of the king’s minions.

In your hero phase, roll 6 dice for each friendly
VARGHULF COURTIER on the battlefield. For
each 2+ you can return 1 slain model to a friendly
SERFS unit within 10" of that VARGHULF

COURTIER . For each 5+ you can return 1 slain
model to a friendly KNIGHTS unit within 10"
of that VARGHULF COURTIER instead. Slain
models can be returned to more than one unit if
you wish, but each successful dice roll can only be
used to return a model to a single unit.

Feed on Dark Magic: These strange creatures can
lap up dark magic from the air.

If a friendly ABHORRANT within 18" of this
model successfully casts a spell, and it is not
unbound, you can re-roll hit rolls for this model
until the start of your next hero phase.

King’s Champion: A Varghulf enters a terrify ing
frenzy when surrounded by foes.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this model’s
Immense Claws if it is within 3" of 10 or more
enemy models when you pick the target unit(s)
for its attacks.

Victory Feast: When a Varghulf

swallows
chunks of flesh ripped from its foes, its own
wounds disappear.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to this model.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, COURTIER, HERO, VARGHULF COURTIER

The bestial howls of a Hollowmourne Varghulf Cour tier echo through the rubble of a dead civilisation, yet in the monstrous cannibal’s mind it is
standing proud atop the walls of a mighty citadel, ready to defend the king and his subjects.


PAGEBREAK
Crypt Ghast Courtier

WARSCROLL

4

6"

10

5+

CRYPT GHAST COURTIER

Hissing captains of the mordants, Cr ypt Ghast Courtiers move among the pale ranks
of the king’s army to direct the cannibal formations. They drive more Ghouls into the
fray, while seeking out gruesome trophies to bestow upon their ‘men’.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bone Club
Filthy Claws

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
2

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Cr ypt Ghast Courtier is a single model armed
with a Bone Club and Filthy Claws.

Muster Serfs: With a cry, the cour tier calls forth
more of the Ghoul King’s
lowest minions.

In your hero phase, roll 6 dice for each friendly

CRYPT GHAST COURTIER on the battlefield.

For each 2+ you can return 1 slain model to a
friendly SERFS unit that is within 10" of that

CRYPT GHAST COURTIER . Slain models can

be returned to more than one unit if you wish,
but each successful dice roll can only be used to
return a model to a single unit.

Trophy Hunter : Crypt Ghast Cour tiers inspire
their followers by holding aloft trophies torn from
the bodies of their slain foes.

If any enemy models are slain by wounds
inflicted by this model’s attacks, until the end of
the phase in which the attacks were made add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by friendly SERFS units while they are
wholly within 16" of this model.

Crypt Ghouls

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, COURTIER, HERO, CRYPT GHAST COURTIER

1

6"

10

6+

WARSCROLL

CRYPT GHOULS

Filled with a dark hunger, Cr ypt Ghouls pounce upon their prey. They are ferocious in
great numbers, as each mordant competes with its kin for food. Should a ghoul catch a
glimpse of their king, they w i l l fight all the harder, eager to prove their worth.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sharpened Teeth and Filthy Claws

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Cr ypt Ghouls has any number of
models, each armed with Sharpened Teeth and
Filthy Claws.

CRYPT GHAST: The leader of this unit is a
Cr ypt Ghast. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of a Crypt Ghast’s Sharpened Teeth and
Filthy Claws.

ABILITIES

Boundless Ferocity : When Crypt Ghouls gather
in large numbers their ferocity knows no bounds.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Sharpened Teeth and Filthy Claws while this unit
has 20 or more models.

Royal Approval: Crypt Ghouls will always
do their utmost to attract the attention of
their sovereign.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
by this unit while it is wholly within 18" of any

friendly ABHORRANTS.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, SERFS, CRYPT GHOULS


PAGEBREAK
Crypt Infernal Courtier

WARSCROLL

6

12"

10

4+

CRYPT INFERNAL COURTIER

Leather y wings tucked against its body, the Cr ypt Infernal Courtier dives down from
the sky, shrieking its rage. Plunging into the midst of its enemies with k i l ling force,
the vicious beast impales its prey in a shower of steaming gore.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Foetid Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Skewering Talons

Range

9"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

5

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A Cr ypt Infernal Courtier is a single model
armed with Foetid Breath and Skewering Talons.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Skewering Strike: Sometimes a Crypt Infernal
Cour tier will strike with such force that the victim
is skewered upon its piercing talons.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Skewering Talons is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Muster Royal Guard: With a cry, the cour tier
calls forth more of the Ghoul King’s minions.

In your hero phase, roll 6 dice for each friendly

CRYPT INFERNAL COURTIER on the

battlefield. For each 5+ you can return 1 slain
model to a friendly CRYPT FLAYERS unit
that is within 10" of that CRYPT INFERNAL
COURTIER . Slain models can be returned
to more than one unit if you wish, but each
successful dice roll can only be used to return a
model to a single unit.

KEYWORDS

Crypt Flayers

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, COURTIER, HERO, CRYPT INFERNAL COURTIER

4

12"

10

5+

CRYPT FLAYERS

Monstrous predators of the sky, Cr ypt Flayers flock together in a beating of dark
wings and hissing maws. Enemies are snatched up by their sudden strikes and torn
asunder while the creatures’ keening cal l is enough to break a warrior’s spirit.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Death Scream

MELEE WEAPONS

Piercing Talons

Range

10"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

4

To Hit

To Hit

4+

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Cr ypt Flayers has any number of
models, each armed with a Death Scream and
Piercing Talons.

Death Scream: Crypt Flayers can unleash
an ultrasonic cry that can kill or debilitate
their v ictims.

CRYPT INFERNAL: The leader of this

unit is a Cr ypt Infernal. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Cr ypt Infernal’s
Piercing Talons.

FLY: This unit can fly.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Death Scream. Instead roll 2D6.
Subtract 2 if the target unit is more than 3" from
the attacking model. If the result is higher than
the target unit’s Bravery characteristic, the target
unit suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to
the difference between its Bravery characteristic
and the result.

To Wound

Rend

See below

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

Damage

1

Skewering Strike: Sometimes a Crypt Flayer will
strike with such force that the victim is skewered
upon its piercing talons.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Piercing Talons is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, KNIGHTS, CRYPT FLAYERS


PAGEBREAK
Crypt Haunter Courtier

WARSCROLL

6

7"

10

4+

CRYPT HAUNTER COURTIER

A Cr ypt Haunter Courtier charges into the fray to the sound of ripping flesh and
splintering bones. Broken and battered, their foes die by the dozen, even as the carrion
knight’s own misshapen body knits itself back together again with terrify ing speed.

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Bone Club
Rancid Talons

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
2

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-
-

Damage

3
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Cr ypt Haunter Courtier is a single model
armed with a Massive Bone Club and
Rancid Talons.

Noble Blood: The blood of their liege grants Crypt
Haunter Cour tiers a supernatural ability to heal
any damage they suffer.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this model.

Chosen of the King: Crypt Haunters are amongst
the most ardent of cour tiers.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made
by this model while it is within 18" of any

friendly ABHORRANTS .

Muster King’s Chosen: With a cry, the cour tier
calls forth more of the Ghoul King’s minions.

In your hero phase, roll 6 dice for each friendly

CRYPT HAUNTER COURTIER on the

battlefield. For each 5+ you can return 1 slain
model to a friendly CRYPT HORRORS unit
that is within 10" of that CRYPT HAUNTER
COURTIER . Slain models can be returned
to more than one unit if you wish, but each
successful dice roll can only be used to return a
model to a single unit.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, COURTIER, HERO, CRYPT HAUNTER COURTIER

Crypt Horrors

4

7"

10

5+

WARSCROLL

CRYPT HORRORS

Each sweep of a Cr ypt Horror’s claws ladles heaps of dripping meat into its gaping
maw. Blessed by the abhorrant’s blood, their own flesh heals quickly, and even mortal
wounds close over as if they never were.

MELEE WEAPONS

Club and Septic Talons

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Cr ypt Horrors has any number
of models, each armed with a Club and
Septic Talons.

CRYPT HAUNTER: The leader of this unit
is a Cr ypt Haunter. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of a Cr ypt Haunter’s Club and
Septic Talons.

ABILITIES

Chosen of the King: Crypt Horrors are the most
devoted servants in a Ghoul King’s army.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by
this unit while it is wholly within 18" of any
friendly ABHORRANT .

Noble Blood: The blood of their liege grants
Crypt Horrors a supernatural ability to heal any
damage that they suffer.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this unit.

Warrior Elite: Crypt Horrors are amongst the
most deadly warriors in a cour t.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a Club and Septic Talons is 6, that attack
has a Damage characteristic of 3 instead of 2.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORDANT, FLESH-EATER COURTS, KNIGHTS, CRYPT HORRORS


PAGEBREAK
Royal Terrorgheist

WARSCROLL

14

4+

10

ROYAL TERRORGHEIST

The Terrorgheist is a bloodthirsty undead beast whose piercing cry scythes through the
enemy as it plunges into the fray. Should the creature be slain, another horror awaits its
foes, as hundreds of shrieking bats burst from its remains to ravage those nearby.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Death Shriek

MELEE WEAPONS

Skeletal Claws
Fanged Maw

Range

10"

Range

2"
3"

Attacks

1

Attacks

3

To Hit

To Hit

4+
4+

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Death Shriek

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Royal Terrorgheist
is a single model armed
with a Death Shriek, Fanged Maw and
Skeletal Claws.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Death Shriek: The terrify ing shriek of a
Terrorgheist
is enough to stop a warrior’s hear t.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with this model’s Death Shriek. Instead roll
a dice and add the Death Shriek value shown on
this model’s damage table. If the total is higher
than the target unit’s Bravery characteristic, the
target unit suffers a number of mortal wounds
equal to the difference between its Bravery
characteristic and the total.

To Wound

Rend

See below

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-2

Damage

Damage

D3
D6

Skeletal Claws
4
4
3
3
2

Gaping Maw : This horrific creature bites a great
chunk out of its prey, or even swallows it whole.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with this model’s Fanged Maw is 6, that attack
inflicts 6 mortal wounds on the target unit and
the attack sequence ends (do not make a wound
or save roll).

Infested: When a Terrorgheist
is finally
destroyed,
it explodes into a swarm of bats that
feast on those nearby.

If this model is slain, before this model is
removed from play each unit within 3" of this
model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Royal Menagerie: A Royal Terrorgheist’s decrepit
flesh seethes with dark magic, and reknits as the
beast slaughters its way across the battlefield.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model if this model is
within 6" of a friendly ABHORRANT .

KEYWORDS

DEATH, FLESH-EATER COURTS, MENAGERIE, MONSTER, ROYAL TERRORGHEIST


PAGEBREAK
Royal Zombie Dragon

WARSCROLL

14

4+

10

ROYAL ZOMBIE DRAGON

With a deafening roar, the Zombie Dragon dives into battle, eye sockets aglow with
necromantic energy. The beast shreds flesh, bone and steel with equal ease, its talons
and maw matched in their lethality only by its billowing pestilential breath.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Pestilential Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Snapping Maw
Sword-like Claws

Range

9"

Range

3"
2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-3

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

D6

Damage

D6
2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

DAMAGE TABLE

Pestilential Breath
2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Sword-like Claws

7
6
5
4
3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Royal Zombie Dragon is a single model armed
with Pestilential Breath, a Snapping Maw and
Sword-like Claws.

Pestilential Breath: When a Zombie Dragon

looses its breath, the killing miasma withers flesh
and saps life from the living.

FLY: This model can fly.

When you attack with this model’s Pestilential
Breath, roll a dice before making the hit roll for
the attack. If the roll is less than or equal to the
number of models in the target unit, the attack
scores a hit without needing to make a hit roll.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, FLESH-EATER COURTS, MENAGERIE, MONSTER, ROYAL ZOMBIE DRAGON


PAGEBREAK
Cadaverous Barricade

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

CADAVEROUS BARRICADE

With a word of command the buried dead are brought writhing to the surface. The corpses of those who once served
Ushoran rise up from the grave, dragging with them the detritus of their forgotten civilisation, and with lifeless hands
they claw at the living who draw too near.

DESCRIPTION

A Cadaverous Barricade is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Cadaverous Barricade: The wizard

snaps a fallen branch in half and hurls it
to the ground. In moments it sprouts into a
horrific bulwark.

Summon Cadaverous Barricade has a casting
value of 5. Only Nagash, Supreme Lord of the
Undead and ABHORRANTS can attempt
to
cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up a
Cadaverous Barricade model wholly within
24" of the caster and more than 1" from any
enemy units.

ABILITIES

Grasping Hands: The animated corpses trapped
in a Cadaverous Barricade grab at any living
creature that approaches
too closely.

If a model starts a move within 3" of this model,
halve the distance that model can move when it
makes that move. DEATH units are not affected
by this ability.

Grisly Obstacle: Creatures

that are
desperate enough can find cover behind a
Cadaverous Barr icade.

When a missile weapon targets a unit that has
all of its models within 1" of this model, then
the target unit receives the benefit of cover if the
attacking model is closer to this model than it is
to the target unit.

KEYWORDS

Chalice of Ushoran

ENDLESS SPELL, SHYISH, CADAVEROUS BARRICADE

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

CHALICE OF USHORAN

Believed to be a manifestation of the sacred cup held by Ushoran, this bone-wrought goblet is continually filled with
the blood of those slain in its presence. When the gore inside overflows, the Flesh-eaters upon whom it slops are
bestowed with unnatural vitality, their most grievous wounds healing and their dead rising to fight once more.

DESCRIPTION

A Chalice of Ushoran is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Chalice of Ushoran: The abhorrant

conjures forth an ensorcelled chalice of bone from
which his raving subjects can sup.

Summon Chalice of Ushoran has a casting value
of 6. Only Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead
and ABHORRANTS can attempt
to cast this
spell. If successfully cast, set up a Chalice of
Ushoran model wholly within 24" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Soul Stealer : When a creature falls in battle,
their screaming essence is trapped by the Chalice
of Ushoran, and can be used to heal the wounds
suffered by nearby Flesh-eaters.

Keep track of the number of models that are slain
within 12" of this model each turn. At the end
of each turn, roll a dice for each model that was
slain within 12" of this model during that turn.
For each 4+ heal 1 wound allocated to 1 FLESH-
EATER COURTS model within 12" of this model,
or return 1 slain model to 1 FLESH-EATER
COURTS unit with a Wounds characteristic of 1
that is wholly within 12" of this model.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SHYISH, CHALICE OF USHORAN


PAGEBREAK
Corpsemare Stampede

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

CORPSEMARE STAMPEDE

Imparted with grisly vigour by the insane magics of the abhorrants, the undead beasts of a Corpsemare Stampede
burst from the blood-soaked ground. Once loosed they trample across the battlefield with reck less abandon, crushing
any foolish enough to be caught in their path.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Corpsemare Stampede is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Corpsemare Stampede is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 14" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Corpsemare Stampede: The wizard

hurls a rusty horseshoe. Where it lands, a herd
of ferocious ghostly horses spring forth from
the ground.

Summon Corpsemare Stampede has a casting
value of 7. Only Nagash, Supreme Lord of the
Undead and ABHORRANTS can attempt
to
cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up a
Corpsemare Stampede model wholly within
3D6" of the caster.

Crazed Gallop: When a Corpsemare Stampede
is called for th, it immediately gallops furiously
across the battlefield.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Trampled Underfoot: As a Corpsemare

Stampede charges across the battlefield,
it
tramples over anyone that gets in its way.

After this model has moved, roll 5 dice for each
unit that has any models it passed across. For
each roll that is more than that unit’s Wounds
characteristic, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. For each roll of 6, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds instead (whatever its Wounds
characteristic is).

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SHYISH, CORPSEMARE STAMPEDE

The death magic of the Flesh-eater Cour ts is augmented by the madness of the abhorrants who wield it. The Corpsemare Stampede, Chalice of
Ushoran and Cadaverous Barricade are amongst the most power ful manifestations of this insanity.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that
has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table on its warscroll can be taken as an allied unit by a Flesh-eater
Courts army. Updated February 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier
publication date or no publication date.

FLESH-EATER COURTS

WARSCROLL

Cr ypt Ghouls

Royal Terrorgheist

Royal Zombie Dragon

Abhorrant Archregent
Abhorrant Ghoul King
Cr ypt Ghast Courtier
Cr ypt Haunter Courtier
Cr ypt Infernal Courtier
Varghulf Courtier
Abhorrant Ghoul King on
Royal Terrorgheist
Abhorrant Ghoul King on
Royal Zombie Dragon

Cr ypt Flayers

Cr ypt Horrors

Abattoir
Attendants at Cour t
Cannibal Cour t
Deadwatch
Ghoul Patrol
King’s Ghouls
Royal Family
Royal Menagerie
Royal Mordants
Cadaverous Barricade
Chalice of Ushoran
Corpsemare Stampede
Charnel Throne

UNIT SIZE

MIN

10

MAX

40

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1

3

3

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1

12

12

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline if

GRISTLEGORE

Battleline if

GRISTLEGORE

Battleline if general
is Cr ypt Infernal
Courtier, or if Cr ypt
Flayers unit is

BLISTERSKIN

Battleline if general
is Cr ypt Haunter
Courtier, or if Cr ypt
Horrors unit is

HOLLOWMOURNE

100/360

300

300

200
140
60
120
120
160

400

440

170

160

120
110
60
110
180
120
120
120
120
30
40
60
0

Battleline

Behemoth

Behemoth

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery

DEATH

ALLIES

Flesh-eater Courts

Deadwalkers, Deathlords, Deathmages


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

WHAT’S NEXT?

The Beasts of Chaos are monstrous hybrids of men and animals. Since the dawn of the
realms they have stalked the Chaos-infused wilds, slaughtering those foolish enough to
venture beyond the boundaries of the known.


PAGEBREAK
