
PAGEBREAK
Myriad are the grots and monsters that make up
the Gloomspite Gitz. Dank and foul are the caverns
and caves,
the swamps and ravines and web-
strewn wilds in which they make their lairs. Their
armies comprise disparate tribes of Moonclan and
Spiderfang Grots, which scuttle to war alongside
lumbering troggoths,
foul-tempered gargants and
bounding masses of slather-jawed squigs. Well might
their enemies wonder what could unite such anarchic
beings into an army capable of conquest and
slaughter on a grand scale. For the answer, one need
only look to the darkest corner of the heavens.

The Shyish necroquake has unleashed sorcerous
energies that swell
to a flood tide and threaten to
drown all
life. An age of
fell omens has gripped the
Mortal Realms, and amongst
the most malevolent
of these has been the rise of the Bad Moon. This
monstrous celestial object ploughs erratically through
the skies,
following a madcap course that
trails
darkness and insanity in its wake, and heralding a
strange eclipse in which loonstone rains from the
skies and foul
fungi spread like a plague.

Wherever
the Bad Moon draws nigh,
the Gloomspite
hordes surge from their lairs in their hundreds of
thousands. They worship the leering lunar body as
a many-phased aspect of Gorkamorka,
the god of
destruction, and seek to catch his attention with
deeds of spiteful violence so spectacular that
the
Bad Moon will halt its wanderings. The Gloomspite
Gitz believe that
this will usher in an age of endless
twilight. Amidst
the everlasting shadows,
they will
be free at
last to sweep across the lands and tear
down every last bastion of Chaos, Order and Death
alike until
the Bad Moon reigns over all.


PAGEBREAK
2

CONTENTS

RISE OF THE
GLOOMSPITE GITZ ...........4

CONTENTS

THE BAD MOON ........................8

Danksome Destruction ..............10
The Soul Wars ...............................12
The Clammy Corners of
the Realms .....................................14

AGES OF LOONACY .................16

DEATH FROM BELOW ............20

Skragrott’s Konkererz .................21

THE GLOOMSPITE
HORDES ....................................22

Bad Moon Bossgrots....................26
Maniacal Morkish Magic-users ...28
The Squigs of War ........................30
The Moonclans .............................32
Arachnarok Spiders .....................34
Worshippers of the Spider God....36
Denizens of the Dankholds ........38
Troggoths of the Realms .............40
Aleguzzler Gargants ....................41

GALLERY OF GITZ ...........44

DA KING’S GITZ ......................54

PAINTING YOUR
GLOOMSPITE GITZ .................56

ARMIES OF THE
BAD MOON ......................60

ALLEGIANCE
ABILITIES .................................61

Battle Traits ...................................61
Command Traits ..........................62
Artefacts of Power .......................64
Spell Lores .....................................66
Bad Moon Loonshrine ................68
Battleplan: An
Unfortunate Location .................70

PATH TO GLORY ......................72

Gloomspite Gitz
Warband Tables ...........................74

WARSCROLLS ...........................78

Moonclan Skrap ...........................78
Gobbapalooza ...............................79
Skulkmob Horde ..........................79
Squig Rider Stampede .................79
Spiderfang Stalktribe ..................80
Arachnarok Spider Cluster ........81
Spider Rider Skitterswarm .........81
Skitterstrand Nest ........................81
Troggherd ......................................82
Squigalanche .................................83
Skragrott, the Loonking .............84
Scaremonger .................................85
Brewgit ...........................................85
Spiker .............................................86
Boggleye ........................................86
Shroomancer ................................87
Fungoid Cave-Shaman ................87
Loonboss on Mangler Squigs .....88
Loonboss .......................................89
Loonboss with
Giant Cave Squig..........................89
Zarbag ............................................90

Zarbag’s Gitz .................................90
Madcap Shaman ...........................91
Squig Herd ....................................91
Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig ...92
Sneaky Snufflers ...........................92
Loonsmasha Fanatics ..................93
Sporesplatta Fanatics ...................93
Stabbas ...........................................94
Shootas ...........................................95
Squig Hoppers ..............................96
Boingrot Bounderz ......................96
Mangler Squigs.............................97
Dankhold Troggboss ...................98
Dankhold Troggoths ...................99
Mollog ..........................................100
Fellwater Troggoths ...................101
Rockgut Troggoths ....................101
Webspinner Shaman on
Arachnarok Spider ....................102
Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider...103
Webspinner Shaman .................103
Arachnarok Spider
with Flinger .................................104
Arachnarok Spider
with Spiderfang Warparty .......105
Skitterstrand Arachnarok ........106
Spider Riders ...............................107
Aleguzzler Gargant ....................108
Malevolent Moon .......................109
Mork’s Mighty Mushroom .......109
Scrapskuttle’s
Arachnacauldron .......................110
Scuttletide ...................................110

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................111

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Destruction Battletome: Gloomspite Gitz © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Destruction Battletome: Gloomspite Gitz, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-521-8

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
Up from below come the Gloomspite Gitz, a surging, roiling, gibbering tide of froth-slick fangs and
grasping claws overseen by the leering fiend known as the Loonking.


PAGEBREAK
4

RISE OF THE
GLOOMSPITE GITZ

RISE OF THE GLOOMSPITE
GITZ

In the dark corners of the Mortal Realms, a new power is stirring. Dripping tunnels and caverns echo to the
clash of gongs, the thump of drums and the shrill war cries of massing grots. Armies of goblinoid warriors and
lumbering monsters set out on the warpath, seeking to plunge the surface world into darkness for evermore.

Greenskins have infested the Mortal
Realms since the earliest days of the
Age of Myth. When Sigmar travelled
the realms in search of human tribes
to raise up to civilisation, everywhere
he looked he found orruks and grots
already proliferating. Though the
spread of cities and empires drove
the greenskins into the wilds, their
numbers and their capacity for
primal destruction never lessened.
Even as the Age of Chaos saw
kingdom after kingdom scoured
from history, still the orruks and
grots endured through tenacity,
belligerence and cunning.

Some greenskin tribes became
nomads, staying alive by ploughing
a constant path of destruction across
the realms. Others simply continued
their feral existence amidst wilds
of such primeval ferociousness that
even the hordes of Chaos could not
overcome them. Countless more,
most especially the Moonclan and
Spiderfang Grots, took shelter in
the darkest, dankest corners of the
Mortal Realms.

A LURKING THREAT

Grots are neither particularly
brave nor especially mighty beings.
They are, however, such a bunch of
cunning, conniving, spiteful and
self-serving little hooligans that their
natural capacity for violent mischief
more than makes up for their lack of
physical or spiritual fortitude.

If there is one thing grots know,
it is
how to look out for themselves. Thus,
while the wars of the Age of Chaos
raged, the vast majority of grot tribes
vanished into boltholes where they
could weather the storm. Moonclan
Grots shun daylight even at the best
of times; it burns their skin and
hurts their beady eyes. They worship
the celestial abomination known as
the Bad Moon, and it is from this

that they get their name. Conversely,
the bogeyman of Moonclan lore is
known as Glareface Frazzlegit, and
is depicted as a cruel star or searing
ball of sentient light. The Moonclan
Grots were thus only too happy to
vanish into their lurklairs, breeding
squigs, cultivating weird mushrooms
and raiding the surface only for the
juiciest of quarry.

From chewing new tunnels and
carrying baggage to transporting
mobs of grots through the gloom,
segmapedes are used for many tasks.

Spiderfang Grots are no keener on
the bright and beautiful places of the
realms than are their subterranean
cousins. Their entire culture is based
around the veneration, rearing
and riding of myriad species of
arachnid beasts. As the vast majority
of these eight-legged horrors
thrive in darksome and dingy
conditions, the Spiderfang Grots
began to make their lairs in such
places. Deep ravines choked with
tangled woodland, foetid jungles
and swamplands where little light
penetrates the canopy, cave networks
and temple ruins so huge that they
support their own microclimates; all
of these played host to infestations
of Spiderfang Grots and their
monstrous broods.

Troggoths,
too, thrived in the
dampest and foulest reaches. In
those places where primordial
gunge accumulated, far away from
the light of the heavens, that was
where troggoths spawned. They
chewed their way through the
roots of mountains,
lurked amidst
the stagnant waters of the deepest
swamps and slumbered in fungus-
thick caverns, biding their time until
their hunger for flesh called them
forth again.

Throughout the Age of Chaos,
these disparate gloom-dwelling
factions spread far and wide.
While the champions of the Chaos
Gods battled for the surface lands,
Moonclan Grots slunk through
caverns far below, digging crude
fortifications into cave mouths,
raising fungus-lit shanty-cities
amidst the shadows, and breeding
ever stranger and more dangerous
strains of squiggly beasts and
peculiar insects.

Here and there, such expansions
would break through into the lower
workings of a Fyreslayer magmahold
or skaven burrow. At such times
the clangour of war echoed through
the tunnels, and more than one
Moonclan lair was annihilated by the
vengeful retaliation of accidentally
disturbed foes. Yet
just as often the
sudden onslaught of madly stabbing
grot loons was enough to overrun the
surprised defenders, and in this way
entire new Moonclan lurklairs were
established amidst the conquered
ruins of others’ civilisations.

As the Moonclan Grots spread
like fungi through the bedrock of
the realms, they also came across
Spiderfang broodnests and reeking
trogg holes. On occasion, this too
led to bloodshed. However, grots are
not as naturally warlike as orruks,
and less inclined towards violence


PAGEBREAK
5

for its own sake. More often than
not, the grots and troggoths found
common cause.

The Moonclan were experts
in raising fungi and brewing
potions that the Spiderfang
prized greatly. These they traded
for various hallucinogenic or
poisonous substances milked from
arachnid beasts and used by the
Moonclan shamans for all manner
of unsavoury purposes. Soon
enough, tentative truces and barter
economies turned into somewhat
shaky alliances when the Moonclan
and Spiderfang Grots discovered
that, by fighting together,
they could
drive off the predatory monsters
and armed foes that sought to oust
them from their territories. So did
the first Gloomspite hordes form.
They coagulated in the realms’ dark
corners out of mutual self-interest,
and the spiteful desire to murder all
those who wandered into their lairs.

BAD MOON RISING

Like all greenskins, the Gloomspite
Gitz worship Gorkamorka.
Sometimes one god, sometimes
two separate beings known as Gork
and Mork, Gorkamorka is brutally
cunning – his Gork half – and
cunningly brutal – his Mork half. He
is the thunder of drums, the crunch
of knuckles into flesh, the roar of
the avalanche and the crack of fangs
through bone. Gorkamorka is an
avatar of primal destruction that wi l l
one day lead the Great Waaagh!
to
sweep away all traces of civilisation.
So believe the orruks and grots, at
any rate.

Every sub-race of greenskins
worships their own aspect of
Gorkamorka, and each maintains
their own myths of their deity’s
deeds. Tales variously depict
Gorkamorka as a hungry mountain,
a mighty beast or a lumbering two-
headed giant. To the Gloomspite
Gitz, he is personified as a huge
and malevolent celestial body
known as the Bad Moon, whose
vast bulk blocks out the light of the
heavens, replacing it with a sickly
luminescence that causes weird
fungi to flourish and drives mortals
to madness.

To the dire misfortune of every other
sentient race in the realms, the Bad
Moon is every bit as powerful as the
Gloomspite Gitz claim and more.

Now,
in this grim era of fell portents
and dark omens, the Bad Moon is
rising to its zenith. The dead rise in
unprecedented numbers and assault
the living with ever greater ferocity.
Wars are fought for the possession
of souls and the rulership of eternal
underworlds. Dread signs and
baleful visions bedevil the minds
of seers and prophets all across the
Mortal Realms. The celestial void
convulses with strange astrological
phenomena and ominous
conjunctions, and barrelling from
amidst these comes the threatening
immensity of the Bad Moon.

Looncaps are strange and magically
charged fungi that burst from every
available sur face where the light of
the Bad Moon falls.

This leering astronomical object has
always bedevilled the skies of the
Mortal Realms, trailing mayhem,
destruction and insanity in its wake.
Yet now it careens like a runaway
boulder through the void. Some
believe that it is the release of endless
spells upon the realms that has
conjured the Bad Moon forth, that
it feels the pull and kinship of the
feral magics and wishes to maraud
alongside them. Others claim that
Gorkamorka – while having no real
stake in the Soul Wars – simply
wishes to hurl himself into the fray
again, or even that the Bad Moon
feeds upon the soul energies released
by such ceaseless conflict.

Whatever the truth of its origins,
the effect of the Bad Moon upon
the Gloomspite Gitz is electric. The
squigs and spiders sense its coming
first, becoming ever more aggressive.
Then begin the visions, grot shamans
chanting and mumbling, their
features twisting into grotesque
parodies of the leering lunar visage
as they wildly ‘moon’
their surprised
fellow grots. Tribal drums thump
through deep tunnels and caverns,
and the grots become agitated and
fractious as the lunatic urge often
referred to as the ‘Gloomspite’ comes
upon them.

As the Bad Moon rumbles low over
the surface lands, it extends its
ensorcelled energies deep into the
caves below. Driven to a cack ling
frenzy,
the Gloomspite hordes surge
upwards like ocean tides drawn
by the pull of a more conventional
moon. Millions of shrieking grots
and lumbering troggoths, bounding
squigs, scuttling arachnids and sore-
headed gargants pour up through
every crack, crevice and dripping
cave entrance with murder on
their minds.

As the Bad Moon looms overhead
it renders ever ything clammy and
dank. Terrible loonstorms swell
out of nowhere to fill the skies with
racing shreds of cloud, while warped
gravities tear at the lands below. The
pale, foul-smelling fungi known as
looncaps sprout upon every kind
of surface, be it stone, soil, metal,
flesh or bone. Into this weird lunar
gloaming spill the Gloomspite
hordes, falling upon all in their
path with an unhinged savagery
quite removed from their normal
self-serving cowardice.

Cities are torn down and temples
toppled as the Gloomspite Gitz
seek to stab entire nations or even
deities in the back to prove their
cunning. Only this, they believe,
wi l l impress the Bad Moon so much
that it halts its nomadic rampage
and lingers forever in the skies
above. So wi l l they usher in the
sacred age of the Everdank, and in
that perpetual twilight of moistened
befoulment the Gloomspite Gitz
wi l l conquer the surface worlds in
Gorkamorka’s name.


PAGEBREAK
As the Bad Moon rose over the Echospires, Skragrott the Loonking led a Gloomspite horde to war. Against him
stood the Hammers of Sigmar, who sought to stop the grots from breaking through to ransack the half-built city
of Sigmar’s Reach. Outnumbered and ambushed from all sides, the Stormcast Eternals were soon overrun.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
8

THE BAD MOON

The Bad Moon is a malevolent planetoid formed from the strange substance known as loonstone. Upon its pocked
surface it bears a leering visage whose eyes are vast as oceans, whose fangs are mountain ranges, and whose
twisted features shift impossibly with every waxing and waning. It is considered a dread omen to all but the grots.

THE BAD MOON

Some grot shamans tell how,
long
ago in the Age of Myth, Gorkamorka
saw a particularly vast moon drifting
through the void and decided to take
a great big bite out of it. In this tale,
it is said that Gorkamorka scaled
the highest mountaintop and waited
until the moon passed by, at which
point he sunk his huge tusks into
it. Or rather, he tried to. The moon
proved so tough that Gorkamorka’s
fangs barely pierced its surface before
several of them broke off and the
great green god recoiled with a roar
of pain. The shamans tell how the
tusk-scarred rock was infected with
Gorkamorka’s power and became the
Bad Moon, a mighty celestial aspect
of the god of destruction. They are
also quick to point out that this is
the origin of the Moonclan tribal
tradition that no grot is permitted to
tr y to eat the moon.

There are other stories of the Bad
Moon’s origins. One of these
recounts how Gorkamorka plunged
into a lake to devour the moon’s
reflection, and how the violent waves
smashed his visage together with
that of its true counterpart above.
Others claim that Gorkamorka
first came to the Mortal Realms
aboard a huge warship that has
since become the Bad Moon, or
that the Bad Moon is actually the
manifestation of the collective spirits
of every grot shaman to have ever
lived. The Spiderfang Grots instead
worship the Great Spider God – an
arachnid godbeast said to have bitten
Gorkamorka’s
foot and been infused
with his divine power. To them the
Bad Moon is in fact the Spider God’s
immense silken egg sac, which wi l l
one day hatch to spill a never-ending
swarm of spiders across the realms.

Whether one or indeed any of these
tales is true ultimately matters
little. All Moonclan Grots believe
in their particular version of the
myth with sufficient vehemence as
to be moved to all manner of rabid
violence in the Bad Moon’s name,

and the strange phenomenon known
as the Gloomspite, which summons
the troglodytic green hordes to the
surface, is undeniable.

Unlike a typical
lunar body, the Bad
Moon changes both its course and
its position seemingly at random.
Sometimes it becomes occluded
until it is little more than a sliver
of sickly yellow light. At others it
swells gibbous and vast, a bloated
monstrosity that swallows up the
sky. Its leering face shifts from one
aspect to another,
though never
when watched;
it is only when one
blinks,
looks away for an instant,
or else a cloud passes before it that
the moon’s expression undergoes
a sinister change. The greenskins
say that these different ‘faces of da
moon’ represent the different sides of
Gorkamorka, at one moment leering
with cunning or spite, the next
scowling with bestial anger.

The Bad Moon possesses its own
strange satellite, a hurtling lump
of misshapen rock that runs mad
rings around it at breakneck pace.
Some grots believe this to be the
Bad Moon’s excitable pet squig.
Others say it is Gorkamorka’s mace,
or perhaps his fist, always swinging
wildly to smash other celestial bodies
out of the way. Others claim that
the Bad Moon itself is Gork’s head
and the satellite Mork’s, or perhaps
vice versa. The Nosebiter hordes of
the Pointyklaws mountain range
maintain that this smaller object is
the spirit of an ancient Moonclan
chieftain who conquered eight
great mountain peaks, and so was
blessed to accompany Gorkamorka’s
rampage through the skies for all
of time.

HERALDS OF
THE EVERDANK

None can predict the random
wanderings of the Bad Moon. It
whirls through the cosmos like a
punch-drunk Moonclan Fanatic,

barging aside other celestial bodies
and throwing prophecies and
auguries into disarray.

Wherever the Bad Moon fills the
skies it blocks out not just light, but
hope and even rational thought.
Those non-greenskins bathed in the
Bad Moon’s cloying radiance may
be driven mad, spouting nonsense
rhymes or babbling in weird dead
languages. Others burst into sudden
hideous growth as looncap fungi
erupt from their bodies with painful
– often fatal – results.

By comparison, the Gloomspite
hordes are energised and
emboldened by the unnatural
eclipse. Freed from the cruel gaze of
Glareface Frazzlegit, they engage in
orgies of destruction that see entire
nations swallowed up by ruin. Like
insects swarming from beneath a
rotten log, the grots and troggoths
scuttle from every crack and crevice
to wreak havoc. Yet
their assaults
are not purely for violence’s
sake,
like those engaged in by the Ironjaw
warclans. Instead, every great
Gloomspite leader has had the same
goal – of being the great and cunning
visionary back-stabber who ushers in
the Everdank.

It is said that the Bad Moon
recognises and rewards those
grot leaders with enough vision
to foresee its erratic course and
offer up sacrifices as it thunders
overhead. Many Loonbosses and
Webspinner Shamans have claimed
to feel the ‘Clammy Hand’ upon
them, meaning they possess the Bad
Moon’s manifest blessings. Few have
been able to say so truthfully, but
there is one abroad in this bloody
age who is genuinely loon-touched.
Known as Skragrott, the self-
proclaimed Loonking, this devious
git has become the Bad Moon’s most
powerful champion by capitalising
upon the portents of the Time of
Tribulations in an ingeniously
horrible fashion.


PAGEBREAK
9

SKRAGROTT’S ASYLUM

Deep beneath Skrappa Spill in the Realm of Metal,
past winding tunnels and chambers fu l l of cruel traps
and evil-eyed guards,
lies a glowing Realmgate. A
quartet of armour-clad Dankhold Troggoths lurk in
its ’shroom-lit cavern, keeping silent watch over the
portal and the captives that dangle in crow’s cages
around its entrance. This Realmgate has no name.
It swirls with curdled moonlight and is framed by
jutting stalagmites that are rumoured to snap closed
like a fanged maw upon unwelcome intruders. Few
beings are permitted to pass through the nameless
gate; Skragrott himself comes and goes at will, as do
the imperious and loon-addled grots of his personal
Gobbapalooza, but the troggoths would quickly crush
anyone else who tried to pass without Skragrott’s
express permission. The reason for this paranoid level
of security is simple: beyond the Realmgate lies an
oubliette sub-dimension in which Skragrott hides his
secret weapon – his fungal asylum.

With the arrival of the Time of Tribulations, hundreds
upon hundreds of seers, prophets, chiromancers,
chronothaumaturges and other scryers of signs
rose to prominence. Some harvested the whispered
secrets of the dark moon Lunaghast. Some turned
their attentions to the weird cycles of the Bad Moon,
while others simply became conduits for predicting
the machinations of savage fate. Those who met with
particular success – and especially those who lost their

minds while doing so – became Skragrott’s
singular
obsession. Through cunning raids, mercenaries and
secret pacts the Loonking began to kidnap these
figures. Some he seized in person, while others were
dragged before him in chains. Deaf to their threats
and pleas, Skragrott bestowed the same curse upon
each seer. Muttering a glottal chant, he tapped them
thrice upon their heads with his infamous staff,
‘Da
Moon Onna Stikk’. Screaming in horror, each seer
swelled and twisted, their flesh becoming thick and
rubbery, their faces stretching out and turning purple
and white, their limbs atrophying until where once
stood a human, aelf or duardin, now there was a huge
mushroom with a peering visage, its distended mouth
working in horror.

These fungal seers – or scryshrooms, as Skragrott
laughingly calls them – are planted in the damp,
cavernous reaches of the asylum. Their maddened
screams and plaintive babbling echoes through the
gloom, ignored by the grot attendants that tend to
them and keep them alive. Yet
their cries are not born
of pure insanity ; in each one’s mind burns the image
of the Bad Moon, and their powers of prediction are
bound to its erratic course. It is thanks to the rambling
prophecies of his scryshrooms that Skragrott can
predict, with more accuracy than anyone else in
the Mortal Realms, where the Bad Moon wi l l next
arise, and thus where he should strike to bring on
the Everdank.

Skragrott’s nameless Realmgate pulses and swirls with luminescent energies, the fungal sorcery that seeps through from the asylum-
realm beyond tainting with madness all those who stand before it.


PAGEBREAK
10

DANKSOME DESTRUCTION

Many who follow the gods of Order, Death or Chaos seek, in one way or another, to conquer the realms and
impose their own vision upon them. Not so the worshippers of Gorkamorka. Within them lives the instinctive
drive to maintain the natural, primal nature of things by tearing down all the great works their enemies raise.

Danksome Destruction

The forces of Destruction
predominately comprise the various
greenskin and ogor subspecies. Each
of these has their own distinctive
cultures and quirks, from the savage
Bonesplitters and the frost-wreathed
Beastclaw Raiders, to the heavily
armoured and spectacularly brutal
Ironjawz. Regardless of how much
they differ, however, all the tribes
of Gorkamorka have one thing in
common: on a fundamental
level
they are driven to seek out and
destroy the bastions of civilisation.

Isolated hamlets and roaming
cogforts, sprawling fortresses and
cloud-piercing temples; the forces of
Destruction are compelled to hurl
them all down and butcher their
occupants until the realmscape is
returned to its natural, primitive
state. The fact that most types of
greenskin and ogor derive a great
deal of enjoyment from wreaking
such wanton havoc is – for them –
simply a fortunate by-product of
their belligerent attitude to life.

Of course, each tribe or clan has
their own outlook upon what the
natural order of things should look
like. The nomadic Ironjawz,
for
example, hail originally from the
broad savannahs and shattered stony
plains of the Realm of Beasts, where
ever ything is predatory in some
fashion and the landscape is wild
and rugged. So it is that Ironjawz see
any artificial structure or purposeful
construction as a thing to be torn
down and scattered until no two
stones sit one atop the other.

The ogors of the Beastclaw Raiders,
meanwhile, trail the biting cold and
desolate snows of the Everwinter
wherever they go. By their very
presence they reduce even the most
verdant of civilised kingdoms to
icy wastelands where sur vival relies
upon sheer resilience and a savage
hunter’s
instinct. Though they
might not seek to topple buildings
in the way Ironjawz would, they wi l l

instead reduce them to frostbitten
ruins fit only to serve as lairs for
hardy predatory monsters.

To the disparate beings that make up
the Gloomspite hordes, normality
is darkness, moisture and shade.
They hail from subterranean depths
where water drips from dangling
stalactites into still black pools,
where luminescent fungi sprout
from sweating stone, and insects
scuttle amidst forlorn piles of
gnawed bones. Where rotting bogs
fester beneath dense forest canopies
and many-legged things lurk in
web-strung thickets, where stagnant
slime collects in shadowy ravines
and collapsing ruins subside beneath
masses of thornbriar and murkroot,
there dwell the Gloomspite Gitz.

To the grots and troggoths that
make up these cave-dwelling
multitudes,
it feels as though the
natural order of the Mortal Realms
is a state of cool shadowiness and
fungus-thick damp. They hate and
fear the bogeyman of the realms’
stars and suns, some Moonclan
shamans even conflating Sigmar in
the Celestial Realm with Glareface
Frazzlegit, and venting their hatred
upon any who give the appearance of
worshipping him.

To the Gloomspite hordes, the
realms wi l l only be returned to their
proper state when the Bad Moon
waxes fat on high, and all the lands
lie draped in pale shadow beneath
it like one huge cavern. They seek to
keep the caves dark and secluded,
filled with cloying drifts of shadow
and the skittering of nameless
things. They want the forests to
sprawl wild and vast, tangling and
decaying way down beneath twisted
boughs, where root boles and hidden
clefts grow thick with clumps of
glowing fungus and writhe with
scuttling spiders. They want the
mountains to rise high and craggy,
their passes to remain untamed
and monster-haunted.

THE GLOOMSPITE

Those races that worship
Gorkamorka typically channel his
primal energies in one fashion or
another. Not only does this serve to
energise the hordes of Destruction,
but it also causes weird supernatural
manifestations to spring into being
around them.

Orruks, for example, feel the
energies of what they call the
Waaagh! within them when it
comes time to march to war. This
force gathers wherever the larger
greenskins become belligerent and
excitable, and serves to render them
ever more aggressive until crackling
green lightning forks through the
air and the landscape itself is driven
into a frenzy of violence. Even
the trees tr y to uproot themselves
and join their charge, while rocks
smash themselves apart against one
another, and the orruks’ war cries
echo for days on end before they
finally dissipate.

Grots are too puny to get a proper
Waaagh! going. Their reedy
little voices simply can’t bellow
loud enough, and their natural
inclinations are more spiteful
than boldly aggressive. Thus
their equivalent of this weird
phenomenon is the Gloomspite,
the urge to frenzied violence that
grips them when the Bad Moon
looms overhead.

Grots seized by the Gloomspite feel
their minds spinning with mean-
spirited schemes and ambitions of
‘teachin’ da surface gitz a lesson’.
Shadows crawl and churn around
them like teeming insects, and
strange fungi sprout spontaneously
before spewing hallucinogenic
spores. Froth leaks from the jaws of
the worst-affected grots, and their
eyes glaze over as they gibber and
shriek. In this state the grot mobs
mass into a horde before, at some
unspoken signal, they pour upward
like a green tide to begin the attack.


PAGEBREAK
11

FANGZ OF THE BAD MOON

The Bad Moon is said to be made entirely of a strange
substance known as loonstone, also known on
occasion as madrock,
loonyrock and badstone. As it
sails through the skies of the realms, the Bad Moon
sporadically spits out meteoric shards of loonstone
that plummet to the ground with punishing force.
Known as the Fangz of the Bad Moon, these loonstone
fragments range from little bigger than a stone shiv
to rocky masses the size of a mountain, and have
been known to completely obliterate fortresses and
encampments that find themselves at the end of their
streaking trajectories.

Where these larger Fangz embed themselves in the
landscape, the Gloomspite Gitz are sure to appear
sooner rather than later. Whether the Bad Moon
somehow drops its Fangz near to existing Gloomspite
enclaves, or whether the grots flock to the fallen
loonstone is unclear ; either way, the diminutive
greenskins pop up like mushrooms after rain,
painstaking ly car ving the loonstone outcroppings into
Loonshrines in the Bad Moon’s honour.

Loonstone is oddly lightweight, as though it were
somehow porous, yet it is so hard that it requires
incredible pressure to crush or carve. It is typically
pale in colouration – bone-hued with a lambent, sickly
yellow glow that is almost invisible in daylight but
which swells into a leprous radiance in the presence of

treacherous or duplicitous thoughts. This phenomenon
is known as lie-light, and has led especially cautious
Moonclan leaders to have amulets hewn laboriously
from loonstone to hang around their necks and
warn them when enemies are plotting against them.
Of course, such charms nearly always backfire; the
bearer is forever thinking devious thoughts of their
own,
leading to their loonstone pendants glowing
constantly and driving them into the depths of
frantic paranoia.

Loonstone’s most notable magical property, beyond
acting as a lie detector,
is that it soaks up natural
arcane energies like a sponge. The background magics
of the Mortal Realms gradually seep into loonstone
and imbue it with a thrumming charge that can be
tapped by suitably cunning grot shamans. More
pronounced still is the way loonstone drinks in the
Waaagh! energies generated by warring orruks,
later to discharge them in seething explosions of
violence or – in extreme cases – just straightforward
explosions. This has led especially daring Gloomspite
leaders to use loonstone to steal Waaagh! power from
nearby orruks and unleash it amongst the grot ranks,
whipping their followers into a false Waaagh!. The
results of these experiments have ranged from waves
of Waaagh!-crazed lunatics overrunning their foes,
to spectacular loonstone detonations, or even just
the budding thieves being throttled by a grumpy
Weirdnob for their temerity.

Skragrott

the Loonking raises his talons skywards and shrieks the words of dark incantations as the Fangz of the Bad Moon rain
down upon the sur face world in a devastating shower of loonstone meteors.


PAGEBREAK
12

THE SOUL WARS

Gorkamorka is an agent of random destruction whose rampages wreak havoc on the carefully laid plans and
grand schemes of the other gods. In this the Gloomspite Gitz follow their deity, and as the sweeping campaigns of
the Soul Wars have developed, the grots’ interference has caused all manner of mayhem.

The Soul Wars

Through the ages, the Mortal Realms
have seen terrible conflicts. Wars
beyond imagination have shaken
reality to its foundations. More
beings have been slain in bloody
battle than could ever be tallied.

Now,
through the incredible artifice
of Nagash – self-proclaimed god
of death – those war-slain legions
rise to assail the living. The Great
Necromancer is motivated by a
desire for revenge, for he believes
himself irrevocably wronged. Long
ago, Sigmar promised Nagash rule
of Shyish, and ultimate ownership
of every departed soul in existence.
In life, mortals could strive and
fight as they wished, could seek
whatever ends and pursue whatever
goals they so chose. Yet upon their
demise, when their souls found rest
in whatever underworld their culture
and beliefs had created, they would
belong to Nagash in perpetuity.

Instead, Nagash watched as the Gods
of Chaos devoured or corrupted
souls that he regarded as his. He saw
the aelven deities stealing away souls

for their own purposes, refashioning
their lost race with energies that
were Nagash’s by right. Worst of all,
he beheld Sigmar’s faithless betrayal
as the God-King snatched up the
mightiest heroes at the moment of
their deaths and transformed them
into eternal warriors for whom true
death was no longer possible.

Nagash gave no sign of his fur y
at these developments, for he is
as cold as the grave, as sombre as
unfeeling stone. His anger was
instead an icy and monolithic thing,
his vengeance as slow and creeping
as inevitable doom. Though his
plan took centuries to come to
fruition, at last it saw him fashion
a vast black pyramid of harvested
realmstone and plunge it into the
heart of Shyish.

Had Nagash succeeded wholly in his
ritual,
it would have torn the souls
from every living thing in the realms
and transformed them all into his
mindless servants. Yet creeping
skaven corrupted the ritual at the
last moment. The power unleashed

overwhelmed even Nagash, blasting
back into the realms and loosing a
tide of rampant undeath and wild
magic. Now endless spells rage
across the landscape like predatory
entities, while entire campaigns are
fought for possession of mortal souls
and the means to entrap, release,
fashion or devour them. These are
the Soul Wars, a new and terrible age
that may yet see the Mortal Realms
reduced to lifeless wastes.

AGENTS OF MISRULE

So vast and terrible was the scope
of Nagash’s
schemes that, as they
neared fruition, they stirred the
very firmament to madness. Weird
omens, grim prophecies and all
manner of dread portents were
sighted across the Mortal Realms.
Seers and prophets ran mad through
the streets.

It was during this bleak time that
the Bad Moon’s erratic journey
through the void became a headlong
rampage. The Gloomspite hordes
were stirred into frantic motion

THE EVERCRAWL

Amongst the myriad underworlds of the Realm of
Death, there is a land of whispering websilk and
skittering legs where the spirits of slain arachnids
scuttle and crawl. It is a place of endless dangling
larders waiting to be drained, of gloom-shrouded
forests, rotting ruins and teetering stone pillars
honeycombed by uncountable nooks and tunnels. The
shades of spiders inhabit every corner and cranny,
seethe in swarms many miles across, drift through
the air upon gossamer strands and lurk in the gloom,
growing ever larger as the ages pass.

The Spiderfang Grots know this place as the Evercrawl,
or sometimes the Land of Endless Webs, and to them
it is paradise. They believe that the Spider God makes
its nest in the deepest depths of this sacred haven,
surrounded by the cocooned bodies of demigods it
has caught in its metaphysical webs. Moreover,
they
claim that the Spider God’s numberless brood watch
over this arachnid underworld, and that their wrath is
terrible to behold.

Known as Skitterstrand Arachnaroks, these arcane
creatures spin their webs from the silken threads
of mortality itself. They pick their way through
sprawling weaves of life and death, feeling for the
telltale vibrations of powerful soul-magic. Able to
fashion temporary Realmgates of funnelled soulweb
with their sorcerous spinnerets, Skitterstrand spiders
burst through the skin of reality without warning to
pounce upon their prey and drag them screaming
back into the Evercrawl. There, they feast upon them at
their leisure.

The Spider God’s brood are not mindless predators.
They understand the dire threat that Nagash and his
ambitions pose to all the underworlds of Shyish, and
though they care nothing for the wider realm they wi l l
protect their lair at any cost. So it is that Skitterstrand
Arachnaroks strike most often at those who wield
sorcery, especially the magics of death. They also snare
lost or stolen souls in their webs, trapping the essence
of Stormcast, ghast and aelf-kin alike and slowly
draining them, leaving behind barren spirit-husks.


PAGEBREAK
13

as never before, and ever since the
grots went on the warpath, they have
shown no signs of relenting.

The worshippers of Gorkamorka
were not immune to the strange
tidings and rising mania that
gripped the other gods’ followers.
Fungoid Cave-Shamans devoured
acrid deffcap mushrooms, and
in doing so witnessed visions of
a battle to end all battles. Upon
their urgings, countless hordes of
greenskins and ogors rampaged
into the Realm of Death and made
for Nagashizzar,
the seat of the
Great Necromancer’s power. So
great were the numbers of tribes
that swept down upon that bleak
city that – had it not been for the
madness and misrule that turned
Nagash’s
enemies against one
another at that critical juncture –
they might well have prevented his
scheme altogether.

Gloomspite Gitz were present
amongst the masses that descended
upon Nagashizzar, but they were
comparatively few. Rather than
dash madly to where the fighting
was thickest, the grots instead
turned their attentions to where
they believed they could best stab
their enemies in the back while all
others’ attention was upon Shyish.
They sought signs of the Bad Moon’s
onset, and slunk through the
shadows to attack wherever their
victims were looking the other way.

In some cases the grots’
invasions
were premeditated, sneak attacks
and ambushes launched by devious
war leaders keen to draw the
Bad Moon’s eye. A Gloomspite
horde surged up through the
mine workings beneath the city
of Celestrius even as its defending
garrison of Stormcast Eternals
from the Celestial Lions Stormhost
marched through the black dunes
outside Nagashizzar. Led by the
squig-riding Loonboss Zigskrat,
the teeming horde overran the
Freeguild soldiery who had been
left to watch over the city. Shrieking
grots ransacked Celestrius’ merchant
quarter and burned the temple of
Sigmar, while over one hundred
troggoths lumbered unstoppably
through fusillades of fire to tear

down and eat the city’s Stormkeep
stone by enchanted stone. When
Zigskrat set light to Celestrius’ grand
armoury and blew its powder stores
sky high, the Bad Moon waxed
large in the skies, drawing close to
watch the riotous ruination below.
Driven into a fungus-fuelled frenzy,
the Gloomspite hordes butchered
or enslaved every living thing in
Celestrius, and left nothing but a
mushroom-covered mountain of
damp ruins in their wake.

Equally notorious were such
conflicts as the ambush of the
Cogfort Imperius , the abduction
of High Mage Thendrisil and
his entire entourage, and the
undersiege of the Molkhir lodge’s
magmahold. Yet
for all the direct
and intentional
invasions launched
by the Gloomspite Gitz during the
opening stages of the Soul Wars,
the
sudden tides of grots caused as much
– perhaps more – damage when they
chased the Bad Moon straight into
the heart of other peoples’ wars.

Stragglenekk fungi grow in cur tains
over the entrances to Moonclan
tunnels. They snatch,
throttle and
slowly absorb the unwary.

THE BEST-LAID PLANS

As the Bad Moon slid through the
skies above the Mortal Realms,
so Gloomspite Gitz hordes burst
up through mine workings,
cave systems and the lowest
levels of countless supposedly
impregnable fortifications. They
flung preparations into disarray.
They overran garrisons readying
themselves for besiegement and
armies massing for war. They cast

down great idols and temples to the
gods, and so denied their builders
divine favour at crucial junctures.
They erupted into the midst of
desperate battles between the
forces of Chaos, Order and Death,
snatching victory from commanders
who had assumed themselves
triumphant and massacring those
who believed that they had, against
all odds, survived the worst their
enemies could hurl at them. Soon
the onset of the Bad Moon became
a dread omen. Its pallid glow spread
madness, and wherever its bloated
shadow fell an invasion of grots was
sure to follow.

Many great commanders bade
their followers to determine the
Bad Moon’s nature, or to predict
its madcap course. The Sacrosanct
Chambers of the Stormcast Eternals,
the mages of the Eldritch Council,
the Gaunt Summoners of Tzeentch
and the slann Starmasters all
attempted to divine patterns in its
behaviour. A particularly ambitious
coven of Warlock Bombardiers
from the skaven Clans Skr yre even
hatched a plan to shoot the Bad
Moon down with a suitably immense
warp-rocket. Such a thing had been
done before, the ratmen claimed.

None met with success; only the
depths of their failures varied. Those
with sufficient willpower were left
frustrated and raging, their energies
wasted and their efforts confounded
by the sheer illogicality of the Bad
Moon’s movements. Many were
driven mad; Warscryer Citadels
burned after their occupants lost
their minds and sought self-
immolation as a way to escape the
leering moon that devoured their
sanity. Wizards and prophets alike
found new quarters in the bleak
cells of Azyrite asylums, these
victims ranting and howling of a
bloated moon that grew ever closer
but never fulfilled its final threat
to devour their souls. Deep within
Blight City, an experimental rocket
lab detonated with devastating effect
and left half of the Clan Ektrik’s
holdings in flames.

Still the Bad Moon swept on. Still
the Gloomspite hordes surged in its
wake, and destruction reigned.


PAGEBREAK
14

THE CLAMMY CORNERS OF THE REALMS

Many of the races throughout the Mortal Realms seek to claim strategically dominant or resource-rich lands, to
fortify and exploit them. By comparison, while the Gloomspite hordes overrun and tear down such places with
great glee, they have little interest in settling the surface lands. Their darksome lairs lie elsewhere…

The Clammy Corners of the Realms

and loot, crawling with every kind
of insect imaginable, and forever
filled with a jabbering, cack ling,
screeching din.

By comparison, Spiderfang
settlements are typically known as
nests. In truth, many of these nests
belong less to the grots themselves
than they do to the Arachnarok and
other varieties of giant arachnid
that lurk at their hearts. Typically
found in the shadowed depths of the
wildest woodlands or amidst the
ancient ruins of fallen civilisations,
they are nightmarish masses of
sticky webbing. So thickly do these
pale strands cocoon the rotting trees
and crumbling pillars of the nest that
they are every bit as impenetrable
as fortress walls. Moreover, any
foe foolish enough to tr y to hack a
path through the webs soon finds
themselves entangled, easy prey
for the nest’s inhabitants. Spiders
and grots alike scurr y through
web tunnels and brood chambers,
tending to clutches of eggs, brewing
poisons and offering up worship to
the Spider God.

Troggoths live in the most
inhospitable conditions of all,
typically inhabiting lairs known as
trog holes. Reeking pools at the heart
of festering swamps,
lightless chasms
heaped with drifts of bonemeal
and rubbish, deep pits thick with
sulphurous gases and primordial
sludge; all of these spawn broods
of troggoths that lurk amidst the
foulness until such time as their
primitive urges drive them from
their dwelling places.

Rockgut Troggoths,
for example,
tend to make their trog holes amidst
the roots or else high atop the peaks
of desolate mountains, where the
choicest boulders can be found to
chew on. By comparison, Fellwater
Troggoths love to lounge in the silt
and filth of coagulated waterways,
and splash around in the sewer-pits
deep beneath the largest and most
populous cities.

Moonclan Grots, Spiderfang Grots
and their vast arachnids, troggoths
of many weird sorts, even the more
alcohol-sodden and perpetually
hung-over gargants; all of these
creatures seek cool, damp darkness
with as much eagerness as do
squirming grubs and pallid fungi.
Their settlements and strongholds
inevitably accumulate in the dankest,
gloomiest parts of the realms.

lurklairs, are typically situated in
tunnels and caverns, the deeper,
darker and danker the better. In
such places there is no natural
light,
the grots using bioluminescent
fungi and elongated glo-squigs to
provide what pallid illumination
they require.

They prize those regions that
most dismiss as foetid, worthless
wastelands. Too dark or soggy to
grow crops in, too fractured and
unstable to raise Dreadholds or
Stormkeeps upon, crawling with
parasites and choked by miasmal
fumes, such lands rarely catch the
notice of the realms’ other races.
Thus, unless their sporadic raiding
stirs retaliatory purges from more
settled lands, the Gloomspite
Gitz are left largely to their own
devices. They multiply and gather
their strength unseen and ignored.
Grots have long valued their
enemies’ tendency to overlook
or underestimate them, for it is a
powerful weapon in their arsenal.

More than one supposedly mighty
kingdom – accomplished in driving
marauding armies from its borders
and conquering neighbouring lands
– has vanished overnight after the
Bad Moon rose in the sky. Such
places are overrun as teeming hordes
of creatures previously thought to
be mere vermin or figures from
frivolous children’s
stories spill from
the damp darkness to bury their
enemies in a shrieking tide. Many
cultures have cautionary folktales
of red-eyed gyblers, clammy-clawed
lurks and groti-the-blackcaps
erupting to commit murder and
spread mayhem, but all too many
rulers dismiss them as old wives’
tales until it is too late.

LAIRS, NESTS AND HOLES

Moonclan Grots are troglodytic.
Their settlements, known as

Glowey Morkeyez grow within
many Moonclan lurklairs. Their
bioluminescence provides a pale,
unsettling light by which to see.

Lurklairs typically consist of
interlinked cave systems in
which water drips and pools, and
stalagmites and stalactites are
much in evidence. Algal slime and
mineral ooze slick the walls, while
fungi carpet the walls, floors and
ceilings. Smaller caves are used
as outlying guard posts known as
slinkholes. The larger caves throng
with hollowed-out fungal dwellings,
ramshackle squig paddocks and
huts made from pilfered junk to
house important figures such as the
local shaman, Loonboss and the
like. Adjoining caverns are used as
underground mushroom nurseries,
loot stores and prisons in which
slaves are kept.

The largest lurklairs stretch for miles
underground, often cannibalising
the ruins of Fyreslayer magmaholds,
duardin karaks or skaven burrows,
and accommodate millions of grots.
They are inevitably strewn with litter


PAGEBREAK
15

SKRAPPA SPILL

The most powerful Moonclan and Spiderfang
warlords give themselves overblown titles like
Under-Emperor of the Gloomylands, Grotlord of the
’Umie-Skinners or Great Grand Skuttlechief. They
rule over multiple lurklairs, nests and trog holes, their
domains sometimes spreading over hundreds of miles
and connected by noisome tunnels and Realmgates
festooned with soiled loot and mildewed fetishes.
Such rulers can call upon vast Gloomspite hordes
to enact their will, which is inevitably malicious
and destructive. That said, unless they have been
fortunate enough to feel the Clammy Hand upon
them, the ambitions of these grot overlords usually
end up outstripping their abilities, and often lead to
infighting and the ultimate collapse of their sprawling
territories. Such has not proved the case for Skrappa
Spill, however.

The Gloomspite kingdom of Skrappa Spill is perhaps
the greatest of its kind, and is ruled over by Skragrott,
the self-proclaimed King of the Moonclans. This entire
region was, until recently,
the domain of warring
orruk tribes. From the Moaning Sands to the Yhorn
Mountains, dozens of orruk warlords battled one
another incessantly. They launched raid after raid
against the settlements of the forces of Order, who
were attempting to take control of the entire land
of Ayadah. Yet while the orruks made war upon the
Fyreslayers of the Greyfyrd lodge and the Freeguild
forces encroaching from beyond the Harkraken Cloud
Banks, they paid no heed to a new threat gathering
beneath their feet.

When the Shyish necroquake surged across Ayadah,
it woke the dead of countless wars, who staggered
from open graves and ashen pyres to assail the
living. Though the orruks and their enemies held the
revenants off, their forces were weakened. Then came a
darkening of the skies. Moisture formed and glistened
on every surface, extinguishing fires and spoiling even
the best-stored victuals. Many-legged bugs scuttled
through the gloom and pale fungi grew at impossible
rates into mushroom fields many miles across.

As panic and madness spread through the forces of
Order and Destruction alike, the Bad Moon swelled
over the horizon and leered down upon all. At the
same moment, Skragrott and his Gloomspite hordes
burst from the foothills of the Yhorn Mountains,
from the canyon-fields around Lump’s Loonrock
and the burned-out mines of Ga lha l la. Bounding
Squigalanches and Spider Rider Skittermobs led the
attack on every front, encircling and picking away at
their reeling enemies. Troggoths broke the surface
amidst the teetering scrap of the orruk trophy mounds
and triggered landslides of junk that buried entire
regiments. Then came the surging rush of Moonclan
Grots,
led by the leering arcane manifestations of
summoned Malevolent Moons. So well coordinated
was Skragrott’s
invasion that a dozen enemy warlords
were slain by treachery and ambush in a single night,
impressing the Bad Moon so greatly that it vomited
a cloud of asteroidal debris into the skies that spread
a pall of darkness over Ayadah. Skragrott’s notoriety
was assured, and his kingdom established in the twilit
ruins of his enemies’ strongholds.

Deep beneath Skrappa Spill, and lurking within its vast scrap-metal hide, are dozens of lurklairs. Some are mere outposts and
shanty-camps, but the largest rival Hammerhal
itself
in scale and scope.


PAGEBREAK
16

AGES OF LOONACY

The Gloomspite Gitz have lurked below ground for long centuries, rising sporadically in howling masses before
vanishing as suddenly as they came to leave only rumour and folk tales in their wake. Now, as the Bad Moon looms
vast and terrible over the Mortal Realms, so the Gloomspite hordes unleash their loonacy like never before.

AGES OF LOONACY

AGE OF MYTH

THE GREEN MENACE

As Sigmar explores the Mortal
Realms, and he and his fellow gods
sow the seeds of civilisation through
these magnificent primal
landscapes,
they discover greenskins wherever
they go. There are many wars with
the orruks, grots and ogors until
Sigmar successfully convinces
Gorkamorka to join his pantheon.
After their accord is struck the
conflicts become fewer, and are
typically restricted to out-of-the-way
spots where Gorkamorka’s
fractious
tribes believe they can get away with
it without anyone noticing.

LOONTALES

The Moonclan and Spiderfang
Grots have many shamanic tales
of their races’ origins during the
Age of Myth. None save the gods
could tell which – if any – of these
tall stories are true, or how aspects
of Gorkamorka such as the Bad
Moon or the Spider God came to
be. Whatever the truth, it is during
this period that accounts of the
Bad Moon’s
rise first appear in
the ancient records of the more
civilised races. Even these are few
and far between, for much was lost
during the Age of Chaos, but in
deep library-vaults in Azyr can be
found accounts upon tattered scraps
of preserved parchment that speak
with dread of the ‘leering moon that
drives men to madness’.

THE FORKED TRAIL

It is during the Age of Myth that
the original grot tribes diverge. Led
by the most daring, spiritual or
just plain bonkers amongst them,
tribes of grots venture into new
environs and bond with them on
a primal
level. They also take to
worshipping different aspects of
Gorkamorka during this time, for
they see signs of the Great Green
God in whatever feature of their
environment wi l l most greatly
benefit them or justify their spite and

violence towards others. The Gitmob
Grots, observing the furious face of
Gork in the blazing light of Hysh,
gravitate towards the open plains,
deserts and steppes. Taking the exact
opposite tack, the Moonclan Grots
take to worshipping the Bad Moon
and settle the most shadowy,
twilit
and danksome locations they can.
Both factions believe the other to
be utterly deluded in their beliefs,
but both agree that the Spiderfang
Grots have gone substantially
more peculiar. Other sub-tribes
of grots vanish into even harsher
environments – some to deep
marshes, others under the waves,
while those that wi l l eventually
become the airborne Grotbag
Scuttlers vanish up mountainsides
and away above the clouds. The
different tribes ally about as often as
they war viciously with one another,
but regardless of any enmities, when
Gorkamorka calls a Great Waaagh!
all the grot factions still answer
his summons.

Stinkcranny fungi give off such
a repulsive reek that even squigs
avoid them. They are harvested by
‘volunteers’
for use in many poisons.

maw. The enraged god-squig chases
after the light of Hysh, determined to
devour it to stop it hurting his beady
eyes. He takes a mighty leap, there
is a blazing flash that is seen across
the realms, and then his huge and
smouldering skull crashes down,
blackened by fires so hot that even
a deity could not endure them. The
skull becomes a sacred place to the
Moonclan Grots,
lying as it does in a
vast crater amidst the endless reaches
of Ghyran’s Orborean Woods. They
tunnel
into and around the huge
skull and raise the most aggressive
and deadly squigs, creating such a
mighty stronghold that it wi l l even
endure the coming Age of Chaos.

ONCE IN A BAD MOON

Throughout the Age of Myth,
the Bad Moon is seen only rarely.
The grot shamans claim that,
‘in
the Gloomtime’,
the Bad Moon
is more interested in barrelling
through the heavens tr ying its
best to bite or plough into every
other celestial body it can find.
They tell how it almost manages to
bite off Dracothion’s head, that it
defecates spore-comets that destroy
the Sentinel Spheres, and that its
head-butting rampage through the
Herald’s Stars destroys a thousand
prophesied fates forever. For all
this, it does rise on occasion over
a kingdom or citadel in the Mortal
Realms. Whenever the Bad Moon
appears it spreads madness and
panic, ill omens and rabid Moonclan
invasions. These destructive
excesses greatly anger Sigmar and
the other gods of Order, and put yet
more strain upon their crumbling
pantheon and Gorkamorka’s place
within it.

BOINGOB’S DEMISE

Tales tell of how Boingob, the
godbeast father of all squigs,
rampages through the lands of
Ushnoria and Heln and wreaks such
terrible destruction that several
civilisations vanish into his gnashing

AGE OF CHAOS

ZIGSNAK’S FOLLY

The warbands of the Chaos Gods
pour through corrupted Realmgates
and sweep the civilisations and
armies of Order before them.


PAGEBREAK
17

Inspired by visions of carnage,
a Fungoid Cave-Shaman named
Zigsnak rallies an ever-growing
Waaagh! and leads his horde of
grots, orruks and ogors into one
spectacular battle after another.
His trail of destruction eventually
catches the attention of Korghos
Khul, who turns his Goretide
against the Waaagh! before the gates
of Phantosmia. The conflict lasts
eight days and nights, raging back
and forth so that both sides come
perilously close to defeat more than
once. At last, Khul claims Zigsnak’s
head, and with it victory. Zigsnak’s
Waaagh!
is crushed with shocking
brutality. The cautionary tale of the
Cave-Shaman spreads by word of
mouth from one Moonclan skrap
to the next, and convinces many to
seek the safety of the deep’n’dark,
abandoning any claim on the
surface world.

SUBTERRANEAN WAR

Migrating into the Glinting Deeps
of Chamon, the Moonclan Grots
of Narkleg’s Badstabbas establish
their new lurklair. Named Stabb
Hole, this ramshackle subterranean
city grows rapidly. The grots ally
themselves with the Dankhold and
Rockgut Troggoths they encounter
in the deeps, and their segmapedes
burrow new tunnels every day to
accommodate the swelling grot
population. Soon enough they break
into the lower workings of Searvault,
a magmahold of the Sigyorn lodge.
A vicious territorial war breaks
out, raging back and forth through
tunnels and chambers, over lava-
flows and through lightless depths
for years without count.

SPIDERSIEGE

Lord Efulgus of Nurgle establishes
a vast and revolting Dreadhold
amidst the Panmyrrian Jungles of
Ghyran. Named the Rotted Hold,
this disgusting fortress sinks its
roots deep and begins to corrupt
ever ything around it. Enraged
at the slow destruction of their
tribal territories, the shamans of
no fewer than sixteen different
stalktribes mass their forces and
assault the Rotted Hold from all
sides. At first, Lord Efulgus and
his Rotbringers are amused by the
shrieking savages beyond their walls,

but mirth quickly turns to shock
as Skitterstrand spiders burst from
woven realm-tunnels to snatch away
Nurgle’s
faithful. One such beast
devastates Lord Efulgus’ personal
guard, while another destroys the
plague laboratory that was the
heart of his armoury. Worse follows
as dozens of Arachnarok Spiders
march from the jungle and scale
the fortress’ suppurating walls,
skittermob after skittermob of Spider
Riders crawling around and over
them amidst conjured Scuttletides
before falling on the Rotbringers
like a scrabbling tidal wave. Though
thousands of grots and dozens of
Arachnarok Spiders are killed by
flesh-rotting phages and hard-swung
Rotbringer axes, in the end the
defenders are overrun. The sur viving
shamans work a mighty ritual over
the fortress’ rotten heart, ki l ling it
with the venom of the Spider God
and restoring the corrupted jungles
to their primordial state.

Gangle-legged git-grabbers are much
feared by Moonclan and Spider fang
grots alike. Dankhold Troggoths, on
the other hand,
favour them as pets.

BRIKKIT’S TRAP

The Slaaneshi warbands of Prince
Magnifix the Glistening reave
through the tunnels and vales of the
Shamboch Mountains. They drive
out dozens of Moonclan skraps,
who ally under the leadership of
Loonboss Brikkit but cannot defeat
their persecutors. Then come the
signs: snufflesquigs go wild,
looncaps
blossom and shamans begin to rave.
Realising what’s coming, Brikkit

lures Magnifix’s horde into the great
’shroom-vale where, sure enough,
an impossible bounty of magical
mushrooms is growing. Driven to
sate their hedonistic desires, the
Slaanesh worshippers fall upon the
mushrooms and are plunged into
a state of psychedelic bliss. Yet as
the Bad Moon rises over the vale,
their euphoria turns to nightmares.
Screams of madness and horror
echo through the gloom as the
Chaos worshippers find fungus
bursting from their bodies, and their
visions leading them to madness
and autocannibalism. Only then do
Brikkit’s Moonclan hordes close in
all around them, shivs glinting in
the gloom…

BOTTLETHIEVES

After several mass thefts of
enchanted alembics from the
Fortress of Alchemists in Chamon,
a dank tunnel
is found burrowed
into the fortress’ dungeons. A brave
expedition descends into the dark,
determined to return with answers.
Only a single warrior re-emerges,
mad-eyed, sickening and raving
about grotlings. Insisting these are
but a myth, but still finding the
whole affair deeply disturbing, the
Council of Alchemists arranges to
have a quiet end put to the soldier’s
ramblings. The lowest levels of the
fortress are flooded with molten
metal and the guards trebled, then
the alchemists determinedly forget
about the ‘whole sorry business’.

ALLIANCES OF CONVENIENCE

During this period, dozens of
Moonclan lurklairs across the
Mortal Realms build alliances
with Spiderfang nests. These
arrangements of convenience soon
see the two factions go to war
alongside one another in earnest,
and the first Gloomspite hordes
are created.

PEAK OF PERIL

An airborne plunder-fleet out of
Barak-Khazzar descends through
the clouds above the immense bulk
of the Evermount in the Realm of
Beasts. They converge upon the
half-exposed ruins of their ancestral
stronghold, Karak Kzaf, anchoring
their airships to the eroded upper
levels and sending boarding parties


PAGEBREAK
18

down into the depths. Amidst the
spore-thick shadows of the lower
deeps, the Kharadron Overlords
are set upon by wave after wave of
shrieking grots, scuttling spiders
and lumbering troggoths. They tr y
to flee, but the Gloomspite horde
overtakes them and – before the
order to cast off can be enacted
– greenskins swarm aboard the
fleet’s airships.

Several weeks later,
lookouts on
the Barak-Khazzar docks cry a
warning. As the heavens darken,
the twisted visage of the Bad Moon
looms vast and near. Several dozen
stolen airships plunge from its glare
and slam headlong into the duardin
sky-city,
their enslaved and tortured
captains still manacled to their
steering apparatus. Though long
guns and aethermatic conductors
down several of the purloined
airships, the rest manage to ram
headlong into Barak-Khazzar
and disgorge a tide of greenskins
and monsters. Spore-thick winds
howl along the streets, seeding the
city with corrupting fungi. Grots
vanish into the pipes and conduits
of the city to wreak havoc. Though
the Kharadron fight back with
ever ything they have, when a second
armada of Grotbag Scuttlers appears
to join the attack, Barak-Khazzar
is overrun. Renamed Da Moon
City by its conquerors,
it becomes a
permanent Gloomspite enclave high
above the clouds.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE REALMGATE WARS

Sigmar’s Tempest breaks over the
Mortal Realms. Amidst crashing
thunder and lightning, his Stormcast
Eternals lead a new war of vengeance
against the followers of the Chaos
Gods. So long the unchallenged
conquerors, the Chaos forces are
flung back on many fronts and their
death grip upon the Mortal Realms
is loosened. This is all the excuse
Gorkamorka’s myriad tribes require
to go on the warpath once more,
and – in the Realmgate Wars that
follow – they storm out of the wilds
time and again to wreak havoc on
ever ything in their way. The great
Ironjaw Megaboss Gordrakk leads

the forces of Destruction on the first
Great Waaagh!
in centuries. Several
entire Gloomspite hordes are pulled
along in his wake, thieving the
Waaagh! energy with their loonstone
charms whenever they think they
can get away with it and generally
wreaking malicious havoc alongside
their larger greenskin cousins.

Known as squig eggs by Moonclan
Grots, these small spherical
fungi are
sure to be found wherever the toothy
creatures make their dens.

TAKING A SQUIG BY THE TAIL

In the land of Yskia, a Vanguard
Auxi liar y Chamber of the Knights
Excelsior tracks the unstoppable
Squigalanche known as the Jaws
of Mork. Determined to put an
end to the rampages of their
leader, the Overbounder, Lord-
Aquilor Thraejen and her warriors
spend days following the trail of
devastation left in the squigs’ wake.
Yet
their quarry’s erratic movements
make them hard to track effectively,
and renders their numbers nigh
impossible to gauge. The Stormcast
Eternal Rangers only discover their
true peril when – after catching
up to and butchering a horde of
squig-riding loons – they realise
that all they have done is destroy
the greenskins’ anarchic excuse for
a rearguard.

Hearing the thunder of the
approaching horde, the Knights
Excelsior retreat to nearby ruins atop
a rocky ridge and dig in, but they
have caught the notice of a force far
too large for them to defeat. The Jaws
of Mork close inexorably around
them and – in a brutal
last stand
that stretches across several bloody
days and sees desperate deeds on
both sides – the Vanguard Rangers
are massacred.

THE MOONCHAIN WAR

The Gloomspite horde of Grandboss
Gitking Fangsplitta the Magnificent
bursts up from below the Land of
the Chained Sun in Aqshy. The
Grandboss has hatched a deranged
plan to lash castle-sized wrecking
balls hewn from loonstone to the
Bad Moon, and transform it into
the biggest Fanatic in history. To
achieve this, he decides that he
requires the colossal chains that
once bound the godbeast Ignax in
place. The Grandboss launches into a
war with the Slaves to Darkness and
Fyreslayer forces that are already
fighting for control of the immense
metal links. With the help of his
short-lived but devastating ‘Fanatic
Flingers’, Fangsplitta manages
to seize one of the mighty chains
and have his Dankhold Troggoths
drag it off underground like a giant
metal segmapede. The Mortal
Realms have not heard the last of
the Grandboss…

BAD MOON ON THE RISE

As Nagash prepares to unleash
his master plan, dark portents
abound. The Bad Moon turns its fu l l
attention upon the Mortal Realms,
much to their misfortune.

UNSTOPPABLE

IDIOCY

Murkthudd, a Dankhold Troggboss
of prodigious size and stupidity,
wakes up beneath the Domtanguan
Mountains. Stirring into motion,
Murkthudd devours a few fistfuls
of glowing magical fungi before
setting off for the surface with a
gaggle of surprised squiggly beasts
in tow. Several other Dankhold
Troggoths are drawn from their
caves as Murkthudd lumbers past,
and follow him with grunts of
acknowledgement. By the time the
troggoths emerge, blinking, into the
daylight among the Domtanguan
foothills, Murkthudd is leading more
than two dozen assorted troggoths
and a veritable swarm of squigs and
subterranean vermin.

By the time the advancing
Trogghorde ploughs into the settled
lands around the Ferrus Sea, the
lumbering mass has trebled in
number. The troggoths trample
a Freeguild regiment sent to stop
them, flatten several roadside inns,


PAGEBREAK
19

shrines and watchtowers, and then
plough into the outer defences
of the city-fort of Azyr va le. Here
their casualties mount as ar ti l ler y
batteries and the fort’s small
garrison of Stormcast Eternals
engage the troggoths; however, clubs
swinging and vomit gushing, the
idiot beasts press on. After a trio
of Rockgut Troggoths tears down
a section of Azyrvale’s wall, the
sur viving beasts tromp through
the breach with Murkthudd still at
their head.

The city militia descends upon
the troggoths, bringing down ever
more of the beasts as they barge
straight through houses, businesses,
laundries, chicken coops and
taverns without deviating from their
course. Desperate soldiers dash to
protect the city’s precious assets,
but then wait in bewilderment as
the troggoths ignore them entirely.
Finally, reaching the docks – and
to the complete bemusement of
Azyrvale’s bloodied defenders
– Murkthudd and his last few
troggoths step one by one off the
pier and vanish into the waves with
mild grunts of surprise. Azyr va le
recovers gradually from the rampage
of the Trogghorde, and if perhaps
a few rumours reach its people of
troggoths wading, weed-covered
and dripping, from the Ferrus Sea’s
far shore? Well, such rumours must
surely be nonsense…

SKRAGROTT ASCENDANT

The Bad Moon rises over the land of
Ayadah. With it arrive Skragrott’s
Konkererz, sweeping their surprised
enemies away in a tide of loonacy,
devious tactics and downright
violence. So does the fungus-
crowned Loonking stake his claim
upon Skrappa Spill, and so is his
legend born.

STALKTRIBES UNLEASHED

The Frazzleshun stalktribes emerge
from the Crackenmaw Chasm
in Reverentia. Blocking out the
light of the heavens with drifting
barrages of shadowsilk from their
Arachnarok Spiders’ flingers, they
fall upon a Sacrosanct Chamber of
the Hammers of Sigmar and disrupt
the mysterious excavations that the
Stormcasts were attempting.

WISH UPON A BAD MOON

Lord Skuldor’s Bloodbound
Warhorde assault the ancient
Sylvaneth haven of Twyneroot.
Vastly outnumbered, Alarielle’s
children pray fervently for
deliverance as they vow to sell their
lives dearly. Then the Bad Moon
fills the sky and the woods begin
to crawl with glistening slime and
pale insects. A seething horde of
grots and troggoths falls upon the
Bloodbound Warhorde and – while
the Sylvaneth vanish behind their
obfuscatory magics – the woods run
red. When at last the dust settles
and the Bad Moon begins to slide
away over the horizon, the amazed
Sylvaneth see that both invading
armies have all but annihilated one
another. Briefly,
the forest spirits
give praise for their salvation – that
is, until the Bad Moon spits out a
last gobful of loonstone meteors that
slam down on top of Twyneroot and
annihilate it completely.

The badloon bossfungus is the mark
of the Bad Moon’s
favour.
It grows but
rarely, and only about the personage
of one who feels the Clammy Hand.

STRANGE LOOT

In their ongoing quest to harvest
realmstone and harness its power,
the Warlock Engineers of the
skaven Clans Skr yre uproot an
entire Loonshrine and transport it
back to Blight City. Their alarm is
considerable when their new prize
starts glowing furiously and belching
spores and squig-eggs. Within hours,
three entire laboratory-warrens
have been overrun with squiggly
beasts and weird mushrooms,

and the infestation continues to
spread. Seeing potential in this
catastrophe, the Chief Warlocks
declare the overrun region a new
weapons-testing zone.

ZARBAG’S QUEST

Zarbag the shaman finds his way
into the Nightvault beneath the
cursed city of Shadespire. Or perhaps
he woke up there? Or perhaps he’s
always been there? Zarbag, for one,
has no idea, and his Gitz are none
the wiser. Grots not being much
given to complex philosophical
musings, Zarbag and his lads instead
have a grand old time wandering
the echoing halls and vaults, nicking
whatever they feel like and stabbing
anyone who crosses their path.

LOONWAR

In the aftermath of the Shyish
necroquake, a great army of
the walking dead rises to serve
Lunaghast, the shadowy moon of
secrets. The revenant lords that
lead this dreadful host name it the
Moonslain March. Unimpressed at
the notion of another moon tr ying
to muscle in on its territory,
the
Bad Moon attacks Lunaghast in the
firmament and bites a chunk out of
it even as surging Gloomspite hordes
fall upon the Moonslain from every
side, Skragrott’s
’Ordz chief among
them. The Loonwar spills outward
until the entirety of the Kraniad Isle
echoes to the clangour of furious
fighting, while sundered meteors
rain down from the battling moons
high above.

THE CURSED MIRROR

In Ayadah, Skragrott the Loonking
looks to expand his already
considerable influence. His beady
eye settles upon the Sylvaneth
enclave of Neith’y’Ghallich,
located
deep in the woods far to the west
of Skrappa Spill. The curse of the
Bad Moon has fallen upon this
stronghold,
its loon-light spilling
through a Realmgate in the enclave’s
depths to taint ever ything it touches.
Seeking to snatch the corrupted
cr ystal prism that is focussing and
projecting the light – and thus gain
a powerful weapon that can unleash
the Everdank at wi l l – Skragrott
despatches a swift Squigalanche to
invade Neith’y’Ghallich from below.


PAGEBREAK
20

DEATH FROM BELOW

Gloomspite hordes are anarchic in the extreme. Warbands of Moonclan Grots, bounding squigs, Spiderfang
Grots, lumbering troggoths and bellowing gargants surge forward in a tide that their enemies would be excused
for believing wholly disordered. Yet this is not quite the truth.

DEATH FROM BELOW

SKRAPS AND SQUIGS

When a bunch of Moonclan Grots
gather to cause trouble and shank
some unfortunate victims, they are
referred to as a skulkmob. Once a
sufficiently sneaky and intimidating
Moonclan leader gathers several
skulkmobs together into a proper
raiding force, the resultant warband
is known as a skrap.

Skraps include whatever mixture of
bow-armed Shoota skulkmobs and
blade-wielding Stabba skulkmobs
the Moonclan have on hand,
typically reinforced by various packs
of squig-herding or squig-riding
loons. Sneaky Snufflers scurr y ahead
of the skrap, seeking out choice fungi
and cunning directions from which
to ambush the foe.

Marauding packs of Cave Squigs
are herded around the flanks to
snarl up and devour enemies who
‘try anyfing clevver’, while Squig
Hoppers and Boingrot Bounders are
unleashed against weak spots in the
enemy lines, there to smash open
holes and spread mayhem and panic.
Supplemented by whirling bands of
Fanatics who plough suddenly and
destructively through the enemy’s
ranks in showers of spores and gore,
a Moonclan skrap combines massed
numbers, wily tactics and fungus-
fuelled madness to devastate even
the proudest and most martial foes.

A skrap wi l l typically represent the
fu l l strength of a Moonclan lurklair,
though the largest settlements may
be able to churn out several such
hordes. They are led into battle
by whichever Moonclan Grot has
managed to connive, coerce and
murder their way to the top of the
local heap, along with his various
lieutenants who are still in the
process of tr ying to achieve the
same goal.

Skraps are commonly led by
Loonbosses who are advised by a
gaggle of shamans. This can work the

other way around, of course, with
the local shaman lording it over the
grots through their superstitious
fear of his sorcerous powers. In such
situations the skrap’s Loonboss, if
it has one, is more likely to act as
the shaman’s
champion, war leader
and chief bully boy. He attends to
the more mundane methods of
maintaining grot discipline, and
leaves his magical master free to
concentrate on higher pursuits
like stuffing madcap mushrooms
into his gob and interpreting the
resultant visions.

SPIDERFANG RAIDERS

Just as a Spiderfang nest is built
around the Arachnarok Spiders
that lurk at its heart, so are all but
the smallest raiding parties of
Spiderfang Grots formed around a
core of these immense spiders.

The vast arachnids bear warparties
of grots into battle in howdahs
upon their backs, mount ‘flinger’
catapults that allow the creatures
to serve as living ar ti l ler y pieces,
and – in the case of the youngest
and most aggressive Arachnaroks
– rampage into the enemy lines
and wreak indiscriminate havoc. A
nest’s reputation and power is judged
largely upon how many Arachnarok
Spiders it can coax into battle at
a time, and its wars are fought
primarily to harvest suitable flesh-
offerings with which to feed that
same gargantuan brood.

Known as a stalktribe, a Spiderfang
army is led into battle by one or
more ruling shamans, the most
important of which may well
ride to war upon the back of an
Arachnarok themselves.

Shamans hold undisputed power in
the Spiderfang nests, for it is through
their veins that the divine venom
of the Spider God flows, and in
their minds that its guiding visions
burn. The biggest and meanest

Spiderfang Grots wi l l be elevated to
the status of Scuttleboss, tribal war
chieftains within the stalktribe who
lead raiding parties and drive their
comrades into battle.

Around the chitinous pillars that
are the Arachnaroks’
legs flow
Skittermobs of Spider Riders.
Whooping and shrieking, these
fast-moving arachnid cavalr y make
up the bulk of each stalktribe and
act as scouts, hit-and-run raiders
and flanking troops. For all the
grots’ anarchic tendencies, their
spider mounts hunt with instinctive
cunning and ferocity, scuttling
through the enemy lines, falling
upon isolated and weakened units,
and generally softening up the foe
ready for the Arachnaroks to strike
the ki l ling blow.

THE GLOOMSPITE
UNLEASHED

When a powerful grot leader arises
and the Bad Moon draws nigh, a
Gloomspite Gitz horde gathers. At its
core are multiple Moonclan skraps
and Spiderfang stalktribes. Around
these rally other, weirder forces.

The wildest Moonclan Grots form
nomadic bands known simply as
Loons. These rebellious grots tr y
to leap right over the Bad Moon,
or even fasten their fangs into
it, in direct contravention of old
Moonclan traditions. Cast out for
their strange ideas, the Loons form
stampeding Squigalanches, chasing
after the Bad Moon astride their
slavering steeds and throwing in
their lot with whichever Gloomspite
horde seems most likely to get the
Bad Moon’s attention.

Troggoths and the occasional
gargant also join the horde. Typically
these beasts arrive individually
or in small packs, but once in a
while an entire troggoth warband –
sometimes called a Troggherd – wi l l
turn up to fight and devour the foe.


PAGEBREAK
SKRAGROTT’S KONKERERZ

Skragrott’s Konkererz

Skragrott,

the Loonking

21

Skragrott’s ’Eavies - 5 Dankhold Troggbosses

Skragrott’s High Gobbapalooza

Warrblag’s Lurkers

Spider fang Stalktribe

- Webspinner Shaman on
Arachnarok Spider
- 2 Webspinner Shamans
- 2 Arachnarok Spider Clusters
- 2 Spider Rider Skitterswarms
- 1 Skitterstrand Nest

The Lumberstomp Brothers

- 3 Aleguzzler Gargants

Skragrott is always surrounded
by advisors and enforcers. His
High Gobbapalooza contains
such madcap grots as the Mighty
Mezmerizmo and Curdlegore
the Arch-Spiker. His ’Eavies are
five of the toughest Dankhold
Troggbosses ever to emerge from
the depths; when not guarding
the entrance to his asylum, they
make a point of squashing any
who threaten their king.

Da King’s Gitz

Moonclan Skrap

- 2 Loonbosses
- 1 Madcap Shaman
- 1 Gobbapalooza
- 3 mobs of Sneaky Snufflers
- 2 Squig Herds
- 3 Skulkmob Hordes
- 2 Squig Rider Stampedes

The Badgob Batterers

Squigalanche

- 1 Loonboss on Mangler Squigs
- 2 Loonbosses on Giant
Cave Squigs
- 3 Squig Rider Stampedes
- 2 pairs of Mangler Squigs

Dungclub’s Troggs

Troggherd

- 1 Dankhold Troggboss
- 3 mobs of Dankhold Troggoths
- 2 mobs of Fellwater Troggoths
- 3 mobs of Rockgut Troggoths

Izgit’s Loons

Moonclan Skrap

- 1 Loonboss
- 1 Madcap Shaman
- 1 Gobbapalooza
- 3 mobs of Sneaky Snufflers
- 2 Skulkmob Hordes

Da Stinkerz

- 2 mobs of Fellwater Troggoths

Da King’s Gitz and Izgit’s Loons
have a fierce rivalr y to win and
retain Skragrott’s
favour. The two
skraps vie constantly to outdo
one another, and are rendered
all the more dangerous for it.
Warrblag’s Lurkers, meanwhile,
are amongst the stealthiest of
Spiderfang stalktribes to bedevil
Chamon. By the time their
enemies realise the danger these
arachnid-riding braves pose, they
are already surrounded.

The Gloomspite Gitz horde known as Skragrott’s Konkererz was one of several that burst up onto the surface of
Ayadah during its fateful invasion. It was this deranged army that Skragrott chose to lead to battle in person. This
was not a whimsical decision on his part, for nothing the Loonking does is without cunning purpose. Out of all
the skraps and stalktribes lurking in Ayadah’s dark corners, Skragrott judged these to be the most cut-throat,
ambitious, dangerous and vicious of the lot. Not only did he deem these warriors to be the most likely to lead
his forces to victory, but he also realised that their champions had the greatest chance of arising as rivals to his
fledgeling rule. Thus Skragrott chose to keep them close, and to foster enough dissension between them that they
would be far too busy fighting one another to impress him to even think about stabbing him in the back.

Many weird hangers-on joined the Konkererz, either by command or coincidence. The Lumberstomp Brothers, for
example, were a trio of belligerent gargants whom Skragrott hired for the price of six wagons of fungus brew. The
Squigalanche known as the Badgob Batterers attached themselves to Skragrott’s banner because Loonboss Badgob
knew a winning proposition when he saw one. Meanwhile, to this day, no one has any idea why Dungclub’s Troggs
joined the march to the surface, nor where in Mork’s name they lumbered off to after the fighting was done.


PAGEBREAK
22

THE GLOOMSPITE HORDES

There are Moonclan lurk lairs scattered throughout the Mortal Realms. With the tenacity exhibited by all
greenskins, they have settled even the most inhospitable regions, adapting to all manner of inimical conditions
and striking at the civilised nations from the most unexpected quarters.

THE GLOOMSPITE
HORDES

Moonclan Grots can found in all of
the realms. Their distinctive dark
robes and cowls, their leering Bad
Moon glyphs and their loonstone
shrines are known and despised
by myriad peoples. There are even
rumours that a few deep-rooted
lurklairs survived the Azyrite
purges; supposedly,
they still fester
like splinters amidst the most remote
cave systems, hidden so well that
even the Stormcast Eternals cannot
root them out.

The bedrock beneath the Kindling
Forests is honeycombed with caverns
and tunnels, many torn open by the
aggressively spreading roots of the
pyrewood trees. It is amidst these
depths that the lurklairs of Claggit’s
Smotherers can be found.

descending upon them, intent
on quenching their object of
worship. Especially distressing is
the Smotherers’ habit of having
Fellwater Troggoths vomit copiously
into watchfires and forges, dousing
their enemies’ flames in reeking
torrents of puke. The resultant
smoke clouds are choking and acrid,
perfect cover for the Moonclan Grots
to slink into their foes’ midst while
their victims choke and stagger
blind, and set to stabbing.

With their low cunning and highly
developed sur vival instincts,
Moonclan Grots are quite adaptable.
Moreover,
the ecosystems of
fungi, invertebrates and squiggly
beasts that they rear – and with
which they symbiotically coexist
– are incredibly robust. Give the
Moonclans anywhere with a little
dampness and dark, and they wi l l
infest it in a matter of days. Amidst
the extreme landscapes of the
Mortal Realms, all this has led to
a surprising variety of peculiarly
situated lurklairs and strange
branches of Moonclan culture.

CLAGGIT’S SMOTHERERS

In Vitrolia,
in the Realm of Fire,
there exists a strange region known
as the Kindling Forests. Here,
woodlands sprawl for thousands of
miles beneath a red and glowering
sky. They are in constant flux,
bedevilled by wildfire spirits that
sweep through the forest in cack ling
packs and set light to ever ything
they touch. Roaring fires consume
thousands of hectares of tinder-
dr y forest every day and leave huge
swathes of the landscape as naught
more than smouldering stumps
and drifts of hot ash. Yet as fast as
the spirits can set the woods ablaze,
fresh growth surges aggressively
forth, the belligerent pyrewood trees
bursting up through the blackened
remains of their predecessors and
rearing to vast heights within
mere weeks.

THE BADSNATCHERS

A very different kingdom of
Moonclan Grots is hidden amidst
the shadows of the Hushed Hills
in Ulgu. Consisting of seven
huge lurklairs, this subterranean
empire is ruled over by Ogwotz
Da Magnificent, whose followers
are collectively known as the
Badsnatchers. Ogwotz’s followers are
unusually arrogant and confident,
and well they might be; dwelling
as they do in a region swathed in
perpetual twilight and mist, they
claim to have already ushered in
the Everdank. The fact that the
Hushed Hills have always languished
beneath a faint and moribund
moon is neither here nor there –
Ogwotz has proclaimed his success
enough times, and with sufficient
vehemence, that only a fool would
now gainsay him.

Convinced that the Clammy Hand
is upon them all, the Badsnatchers
brave the surface world regularly.
They steal ever ything not nailed
down, especially if it happens to
be shiny or valuable-looking, for
each of them believes that their
pre-eminence amongst grot-kind
entitles them to as many ostentatious
trinkets and trophies as they can
physically carry. The Badsnatchers
are considered extremely malicious
even among other grots, and delight
in slinking from the shadows to
purloin those things their victims
prize most, be it their treasure,

Bitterspur ts grow in Moonclan
dungheaps and are used in urgeblurt
poison, a concoction that ‘makes da
gitz puke ’emselves
inside out.’

Loonboss Claggit – more properly
known as the Grand Smotherdouser
– hates fire with a vehement passion.
He believes the furious infernos that
sweep the surface lands to be the
breath of Glareface Frazzlegit, and
has convinced his followers that the
best way to win the regard of the
Bad Moon is to extinguish every
source of flame they find. Clad in
dark greens and greys intended to
represent grots amidst clouds of ash
and smoke, the Smotherers travel
underground in search of the Bad
Moon, before seeking to murder
the biggest fires they can find in the
hopes of impressing it.

This pyrophobic crusade has pitched
Claggit’s Gloomspite hordes into
conflict with numerous Fyreslayer
lodges, Enginecovens of the Clans
Skr yre and Tzeentchian cabals.
All of these use or venerate fire
in various forms, and all have
known the sudden shock of a
tide of shrieking Moonclan Grots


PAGEBREAK
23

Ayadah was once a verdant region, much contested by those races who could best exploit its cyclical
fecundity. Skragrott’s
rule has
darkened its domains, both figuratively and literally,
transforming them into fungus-thick lands of squirming horror.

THE LAND OF AYADAH

their firstborn or even their
still-beating hearts.

Not satisfied simply to rest on his
laurels, Ogwotz Da Magnificent
gathers his Gloomspite hordes
and marches out by underground
ways to raid adjoining kingdoms.
He has even led his armies into
other realms, his skulkmobs led by
numerous packs of Sneaky Snufflers;
having ‘successfully’ brought on
the Everdank in his own domains,
Ogwotz’s ambitions now stretch to
other, brighter lands.

THE JAWS OF MORK

In the land of Yskia within the
Realm of Life, folk listen fearfully
for a telltale rumble. The wise are
ever alert as they cross the Yskian
Veldt
for the slightest tremors in the
ground. Fleeing animals and birds,
the roar as of a distant landslide, a
notable darkening of the sky towards
twilight; all are signs that the Jaws of
Mork are on their way, and at such
times only the quick or the cunning
can avoid being devoured.

The Jaws of Mork is an especially
huge and unstoppable Squigalanche,
led upon their never-ending rampage
by the infamous Overbounder. This
masked Loonboss rides an especially
ferocious pair of Mangler Squigs
known as Gobbit and Chompa, and
has made a name for himself by
never revealing his true identity. He
keeps his face and feet covered at all
times; this, he says, is because if he
stays ‘in cognee toes’ he wi l l more
easily be able to sneak up on the Bad
Moon and leap right over it without
it seeing him coming.

This grand pronouncement has
proved enough to convince many
Loons of the Overbounder’s
cunning. His talent for striking
like Mork’s own club and leaving
devastation in his wake hasn’t hurt,
either. But the real secret behind the
Overbounder’s success lies in the
ultra-fertile soil of Yskia. Wherever
the Jaws of Mork go bounding along,
the corpses of fallen squigs sow the
spores of new crops of fungi and
squiggly beasts that grow fast and
voracious. Pack after pack of squigs

soon catch up with the vast mass of
the Overbounder’s Squigalanche,
swelling its ranks until it undulates
across the lands in a miles-wide
stampede of madly ricocheting,
fang-faced orbs.

The Jaws of Mork are not subtle;
most enemies are defeated through
their sheer weight of numbers. The
maniacal onslaught of hundreds of
squigs and cack ling grots flattens
enemy armies, while even the most
enormous monsters are dragged
down and devoured bit by bit. A
favoured tactic of the Jaws of Mork
is to chew a hole in the enemy’s
defences – be it a Dreadhold’s gate, a
weak spot in a battle line, or a chink
in a monster’s armour – then pour
squigs through the breach before
devouring their victims from the
inside out.

Several times now, the Overbounder
has almost caught up to the Bad
Moon, and he is more determined
than ever to catch and leap over it,
posing a dire threat to ever ything in
his unpredictable path.


PAGEBREAK
24

Just as the Moonclan Grots
proliferate in the subterranean
labyrinths of the realms, so the
Spiderfang Grots settle in the
shadowy corners. The environments
in which they construct their nests
have a huge impact not only on the
grots, but upon the arachnid broods
that they raise. It affects ever ything
from colouration and tribal customs,
to the weapons with which their
stalktribes fight and the tactics they
use to get the better of their foes.

FRAZZLESHUN

Such regional peculiarities are
epitomised by the Frazzleshun
stalktribes of Revelatia, in Hysh.
Their nests are woven through the
Crackenmaw Chasm, a yawning
rift that winds through the glinting
sands of the Revelation Desert for
more than a thousand miles. In
some places the chasm is no wider
than a man can leap, while in others
it gapes several miles wide and
plunges to immeasurable depths.
Dozens of Frazzleshun nests dot the
canyon’s darkest reaches, enormous
webs creaking and quivering where
they stretch from one wall to the
other. Myriad creatures skitter and
scrabble amidst the cool darkness
and pallid fungus forests of the
chasm deeps, only turning their
beady eyes up towards the hated
thread of daylight high above when
their leaders decree they must.

The Frazzleshun tribes are ruled
over by a crude council of eight
shamans known as the Spider’s Eyes.
It is their singular desire to put out
the hated light of Hysh forever, and
to this end they have made a trade
pact with the Moonclan Grots of
the Scurrowstabberz. These grots
dwell in Ulgu, their lairs reachable
via the Blackpit Realmgate found
at the chasm’s deepest point. The
Frazzleshun provide their allies
with arachnid venoms and spider-
mounted shock troops, and in
return the Scurrowstabberz supply
hard-thieved deposits of Ulgu’s
precious realmstone. This ephemeral
substance manifests as gossamer
strands of drifting shadow. Through
trial and error,
the Frazzleshun
have learned how to prepare this
substance and feed it to their

Arachnarok Spiders. The resultant
webbing that slithers from the
spiders’ spinnerets is imbued with
the very stuff of shadow and gloom.
It appears oily and inconstant,
devouring light and spreading
darkness in a pall around it.

Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron
is infamous in grot mythology for
rendering its master incredibly
power ful, but at a horrible price…

This is the weapon of the
Frazzleshun grots, who weave
cloaks of it for their champions and
fashion nets of murky confusion to
ensnare their foes. Yet
it is when they
attack en masse that the shadowsilk
truly comes into its own. When the
Gloomspite descends upon them,
the Frazzleshun tribes load their
Arachnaroks’ flingers with wadded
loads of shadowsilk and fire it high
into the Hyshian skies. As they
reach their apogee, each mass of silk
explodes outwards, creating drifting
clouds of shadow that blacken the
skies. Amidst this artificial night-
time, the pallid arachnids and pale-
fleshed grots of the Frazzleshun pour
from their chasm in a scuttling tide,
overrunning their victims while the
silken shroud lasts.

GLINTFANG

The Glintfang stalktribes of
Chamon use their spiders’ webbing
in a striking ly different fashion.
When under the influence of the
Gloomspite, these greenskins snatch
up every gleaming gewgaw and
fragment of precious metal they can
get their hands on. Some they use
as piercings and tribal adornments

to make themselves appear more
ferocious – nose-rings, finger talons
and even false fangs of silver and
gold are common amongst these
avaricious grots. The vast majority
of their treasures are fed to their
spiders, however, used to turn
their silk into something closer to
metal cabling.

Not only is the resultant steelsilk
incredibly useful as a weapon, it also
allows the Glintfang grots to fashion
web-parachutes that can catch the
alchemical updraughts of Chamon.
Using these silken canopies, entire
stalktribes drift after the Bad
Moon for hundreds of miles before
plunging down out of the darkened
skies to set upon their enemies from
an unexpected quarter.

THE SCUTTLING MASSES

Countless other stalktribes dot
the realms, their appearances and
ways of war wildly varied. The
Drizzledeff tribe of the Humidian
jungles rear especially venomous
arachnids whose chitin displays
brilliant multicoloured hues. The
Drizzledeff grots daub themselves
in equally riotous warpaint,
camouflaging them amidst the vivid
plant life of Humidia and, so they
believe, bringing them closer to the
Spider God.

In the Realm of Death, the kingdom
of Nulahmia is sporadically
bedevilled by Gloomspite hordes
led by the Grimscuttle tribes. These
so-called Deff Grotz worship the
Spider God more fervently than
most, and each tribe venerates a
different Skitterstrand Arachnarok
as their patron demigod. Marking
themselves and their steeds with
crude hourglass-glyphs, the
Grimscuttle imitate their patrons
by laying primitive traps for their
victims, from punji pits lined
with envenomed bone-spikes
to webtangle nets and swinging
gargant-femurs that smash entire
ranks of foes from their feet.
It is rare indeed to encounter a
Grimscuttle stalktribe without at
least one Skitterstrand Arachnarok
in attendance,
for the grots’ zealous
worship appears to please the bloated
creatures immensely.


PAGEBREAK
25

TROGGHERDS

Though Fellwater and Rockgut
Troggoths both habitually gather
in small packs, it is incredibly rare
that they intentionally form larger
gatherings. Always hungry and quite
territorial in their own, simple-
minded fashion, troggoths tend to
seek isolated wilds where they can
devour anything that strays into
arm’s
reach without coming into
too much conflict with others of
their kind.

However, under an especially old
and powerful Dankhold Troggoth,
it is not unheard of for multiple
packs of troggoths to coagulate into
something that could generously
be termed an army. Typically these
gatherings are known as Troggherds,
though most people are too busy
running and screaming to worry
about hanging a label on them.

No one is sure whether it is instinct,
the Gloomspite or some other
force that leads troggoths to follow
a Dankhold Troggboss’
lead.
Certainly little communication
passes between the troggoths beyond
a bit of grunting, some – possibly

involuntary – spraying of bodily
fluids and a healthy dose of clubbing
blows. Yet
troggoth packs gather
from hundreds of miles apart to
join these lumbering migrations.
The troggoths just seem to know
where to go and, once they have
gathered, act with a unity that
would be impressive were it not so
idiotically destructive.

It is the Dankhold Troggboss who
sets the direction of a Troggherd’s
wandering. Once the troggoths are
on the move, they rumble across the
land like a slow-motion avalanche
and nothing in their path is safe for
long. That which is not scooped up
and devoured by voracious troggoths
is typically dissolved in showers of
extremely corrosive vomit, smashed
to rubble by fists and clubs, defecated
upon, tipped over or simply
trampled into the dirt. A Troggherd
wi l l keep lumbering in a roughly
straight line through ever ything that
lies in their path, and they have been
known to crash clean through one
side of a fortress or city’s defences
and out the other,
leaving battered
and bewildered defenders reeling in
their wake.

Scholars have speculated that
perhaps Troggherds instinctively
follow routes the Bad Moon has
already taken across the Mortal
Realms, or even tromp the paths it
has yet to travel. Some Troggherds
are quite clearly possessed by
the Gloomspite, and form the
unwitting hearts of devastating
Gloomspite hordes as the Bad Moon
swells overhead.

Other Troggherds emerge from the
hinterlands with neither warning
nor apparent purpose, and bash their
way mindlessly through anything
that gets in their way. They have
been known to derail battles already
under way, despoil sacred sites that
have lain untouched for countless
centuries, and – in a few cases – even
destroy themselves by tramping
unflappably and inexplicably
over the edge of a cliff or into an
ocean. Yet
for those whose homes
or holdings stand in the path of a
Troggherd this is of little comfort,
as the only choices available to
them are to abandon all they hold
dear or stand and fight a mass of
huge, ravenous and incredibly
resilient monsters.

The Bad Moon looms in the poisoned skies above a web-strung vale where once duardin mines delved deep into the bedrock of the
realm. Now only their bones and rusting armour remain, buried beneath pulsating egg sacs and silken strands.


PAGEBREAK
26

BAD MOON BOSSGROTS

It takes a remarkable degree of cunning, malice and aggression to take charge of a Gloomspite horde with any
hope of directing its frenzied loonacy. Fortunately there are those amongst the ranks of the Moonclans who
possess these dubious qualities in great measure.

Bad Moon Bossgrots

SKRAGROTT,
THE LOONKING

No living creature knows the
story of Skragrott’s origins. He
has personally made sure of this,
causing anyone who might possess
such knowledge to ‘disappear’.
Thus, Skragrott first came to infamy
when he emerged from beneath the
cracked soil of Ayadah at the head of
a massive Gloomspite horde.

On that momentous day the Bad
Moon itself spoke to him while he
slept. Its rumbling voice filled his
mind, telling him of its approach.
When he woke, Skragrott claims he

was covered head to toe in squirming
insects that scattered to leave him
coated in slime. Fumbling at his
head – which was aching like a
rotten tooth – he was shocked to find
a stiff fungal crown sprouting from
his scalp,
its roots digging deep into
the very meat of his brain. A skull-
headed wand lay at Skragrott’s
right
hand, and at his left was a regal staff
topped with a living – and incredibly
rare – Badloon Bossfungus.

The glowing Badloon alone was
proof that Skragrott had been
blessed by the Bad Moon, chosen
to be its prophet and the ruler of all

Moonclan Grots. As the Gloomspite
swept through Skragrott’s
lurklair,
the grots naturally looked to him
as their leader – the few who didn’t
were soon taught a violent lesson
in respect. The Loonking’s Crown
greatly enhanced Skragrott’s
cunning, as well as blessing him
with sorcerous powers to match
the greatest Moonclan shaman.
His leadership saw the Gloomspite
Gitz swarm triumphantly over the
orruks, humans and duardin who
had been warring for Ayadah. With
the Bad Moon hanging bloated above
him, Skragrott led the frothing
Gloomspite horde that transformed
Ayadah into a twilight realm and
saw him claim the mountain-sized
rubbish heap of Skrappa Spill as his
personal stronghold.

The invasion of Ayadah was as great
a triumph as any Moonclan Grot had
ever achieved. Yet Skragrott knew
better than to rest on his laurels,
lest
someone strangle him with them.
To predict the Bad Moon’s coming
once could be called a fluke by any
half-competent detractor. No – to
cement his power as the herald of the
Everdank, Skragrott had to prove he
knew where the moon was going to
turn up next!

So did Skragrott cultivate his
Loonatic Asylum, channelling the
accumulated mutterings of his
captive seers and prophets through
the chattering maw of his skull
wand. Though the Loonking’s
sanity has taken a few knocks since
beginning this radical scheme,
he has successfully predicted the
Bad Moon’s coming on four more
occasions. Each time, Skragrott has
led a mighty Gloomspite horde to
bring on the Everdank, and with
each such victory his power and
renown have grown. Countless
Moonclan lurklairs and even
Spiderfang tribes now recognise him
as their almighty king, with more
grot enclaves falling to his influence
every night.


PAGEBREAK
27

Certain Loonbosses have become
renowned in grot folklore for
their unorthodox tactics or weird
peccadilloes. Loonboss Wyngle of
the Boomsplatta tribe, for example,
favours bombarding the enemy with
exploding fungi and pots of buzzing
squigglebees before the attack
begins. Loonboss Snark Gitbaiter
has such a capacity for irritating his
enemies with inane songs and insults
that he can draw even the most
steely-willed foes charging into his
cunning ambushes, while Loonboss
Blork of Chunderpeak delights in
literally drowning his enemies in
troggoth vomit.

Then, of course, there are those
moon-touched maniacs who hop
astride Mangler Squigs. Most often
the rulers of Loonatic Squigalanches,
these madcap war leaders are a
couple of squidgeons short of a
flock. However,
they are no less
cunning for all that and – even as
they cling shrieking to their huge,
madly bounding steeds – the devious
battle plans they have put into place
see their underlings swarm over the
enemy with blades flashing. This,
coupled with the onslaught of the
Loonboss and his Mangler Squigs,
has proven more than enough to
shatter many enemy armies.

LOONBOSSES

It takes three things for a Moonclan
Grot to rise to the position of
Loonboss: luck, cunning and the
willingness to murder anyone who
gets in their way. Such an ascent
up the bloody rungs of power isn’t
all about overt demonstrations of
strength, however. Moonclan Grots
respect and fear those who show
Morkish cunning above all else,
and so a single knife between the
shoulder blades of an unsuspecting
rival is worth a dozen sets of
knuckles to the teeth.

For all that, Loonbosses tend to
be the biggest, meanest and most
violent of all their nasty kind. Their
position of authority, coupled with
their relative brawniness and talent
for cruelty and manipulation,
ensures that they have access to all
the best wargear,
the most valuable
of the magical shinies, and – if they
are so inclined – the pick of their
skrap’s
squigs to ride into battle.
Many Loonbosses wear clanking
suits of heavy armour that have been
beaten roughly into shape by the
enslaved smiths of other races and
rubbed with all manner of ‘lucky
fungi’ by the skrap’s
shamans.
Moon-shaped loonhelms are also all
the rage; quite apart from making
the Loonboss look ‘ded fighty and
a proppa loon’,
they are powerful
symbols of authority that Moonclan
Grots in the grip of the Gloomspite
cannot help but obey.

On the attack, Loonbosses tend to
wield blades known as moon-cuttas
that can deliver a flurry of swift
blows, or vicious polearms called
moon-slicers that can hack clean
through armour if swung with
enough malice and force. Though
not as strong or tough as many of the
other champions that lead the armies
of the Mortal Realms, Loonbosses
have a phenomenal repertoire of
tricks up their sleeves. From feigning
injury or distracting their enemies
at key moments, to whipping
out concealed blades, dropping
stalactites on their enemies’ heads
or flinging handfuls of scaldyscratch
spores into their foes’ eyes, the
Loonbosses always have a way to
level the playing field long enough to
duck out of harm’s way.


PAGEBREAK
28

MANIACAL MORKISH MAGIC-USERS

Moonclan Grots have quite an aptitude for magic, stemming partly from their consumption of ensorcelled fungi
and partly from the energies of the Gloomspite. They channel this power in a variety of bizarre ways, the only
constant being that anarchy w i l l be unleashed upon the battlefield whenever they do so.

Maniacal Morkish Magic-users

GOBBAPALOOZAS

Most Moonclan leaders have at least
one Gobbapalooza rambling around
their lurklair causing mischief.
Gatherings of so-called wise-grots,
petty shamans and gabbling loon-
priests, each Gobbapalooza takes
it upon themselves to counsel their
skrap’s boss whether he wants their
advice or not. When the Gloomspite
seizes them, the Gobbapalooza
enter a state of euphoric mania.
Their deranged dancing and
shrieking spreads superstitious awe

and no small amount of mayhem
amongst the Moonclan ranks, with
surprised grots entering bizarre
trances, undergoing freakish
fungal transformations, burbling in
nonsense tongues and sometimes
vanishing altogether, seemingly
at random.

Yet
for all the havoc they cause, the
Gobbapalooza are an extremely
potent battlefield asset. Not only do
their hallucinogenic brews render
them remarkably resilient to pain –

and, in most cases, all but the most
frantically bellowed instructions
– but each grot brings their own
unique powers to bolster their
comrades or bedevil the foe.

There are countless strange figures
that may make up a Gobbapalooza,
but certain archetypes show up again
and again. Scaremongers dress as
Glareface himself, riding upon grot-
borne squig’s skulls representing
Boingob, the godbeast that tried to
eat Hysh and burned for his troubles.


PAGEBREAK
Waves of supernatural fear radiate
from these capering loons, herding
the shrieking skulkmobs into battle
at quite some speed.

Brewgits lug alchemical
paraphernalia into battle, churning
out batches of magical potions that
fill the drinker with the might of
an angr y gargant, and though the
effects on the imbiber are short-
lived, they are highly addictive.
Spikers, meanwhile, raid their
seemingly endless stores of venoms,
poisons and noxious extracts
to coat the grots’ weapons with
lethal doses, and jab enemies that
come too close with envenomed
scorpisquig stingers.

Redcaps can be used to brew a
strength-enhancing draught, or to
enhance magical potency in any who
eat them.

Boggleyes are strange demi-shamans
who wi l l hypnotise all those around
them given half a chance. Friend and
foe alike are reduced to drooling,
glazed-over puppets, as likely to
squawk like a squidgeon then soil
themselves as to flee from danger or
raise their blades and fight. Oddest
of all are the Shroomancers, whose
magics cause fungi of all sorts
to animate in concert with their
psychedelic visions. Borne into battle
upon spore-belching bloatstools,
Shroomancers are surrounded at
all times by flapping, bouncing and
often gleefully burbling swarms of
ambulant fungi.

MADCAP SHAMANS

A Madcap Shaman channels the
power of the Gloomspite to conjure
weird magics and terrify his grot
underlings into submission. With
a wild wave of his loonstaff the
shaman flings dazzling blasts of
destructive energy and ravenous
swarms of magical squirmlings
at his victims, shrouds his fellow
grots behind shields of shadow and
malice, and even plunges entire
swathes of the battlefield into
unnatural darkness.

Should he need a boost to his powers,
a Madcap Shaman wi l l not hesitate
to scarf down a madcap mushroom.
These fungi send wild visions
searing through the shaman’s brain,
green lightning crackling along his
limbs and fat sparks shooting from
his eyes. So empowered, the shaman
unleashes super-charged spells, even
conjuring such terrors as Mork’s
Mighty Mushroom or Scrapskuttle’s
Arachnacauldron into being. That
is, of course, providing he doesn’t
accidentally devour a madcap
toadstool instead; these disgusting
fungi are vir tua l ly indistinguishable
from madcap mushrooms, but have
a nasty habit of causing their eater
to start retching up clouds of highly
corrosive spores that dissolve his
innards – and indeed his outards –
until, in extreme cases, he collapses
into a pile of bubbling sludge.

FUNGOID
CAVE-SHAMANS

Fungoid Cave-Shamans are
visionaries and prophets. They claim
to be connected to Mork, and that
he bellows into their minds to tell
them where the best wars can be
found and fought. They have a great
deal of influence, and vast hordes of
greenskins assemble to hear them
speak. The Cave-Shamans are seen
as the mouthpieces of Mork not
only by grots but also orruks, ogors,
troggoths and gargants; this status
nearly always saves them from a
brutal walloping, an absent-minded
devouring or simply being sat on
by mistake.

The Fungoid Cave-Shaman acts in
the closest fashion grots have to
grand strategising, planning wars

29

that span continents or even multiple
realms. They do so by ingesting great
quantities of poisonous fungi and
jabbering about the resultant visions
to anyone who wi l l
listen. Being
part fungus themselves, Fungoid
Cave-Shamans can stomach toxins
that would turn a human’s mind
inside out within minutes – and
their guts shortly after. They enjoy
the brain-bending assault of visions
Mork sends them whenever they
are blasted out of their tiny little
minds. Indeed, they can turn these
surreal hallucinations into horrible
manifestations, their surrounding
spore clouds forming into leering
Bad Moons and gnashing squigs that
devour the foe.

Deffcap mushrooms are incredibly
hallucinogenic, and are sought after
by Fungoid Cave-Shamans
for the
prophetic visions they induce.

By eating the rare deffcap, these
shamans cause fungi to grow within
their own brains, which sometimes
even burst out of their craniums in
grotesque profusion. This allows
them to commune with death itself,
giving them power over their own
mortality. At least, they claim as
much, though of course they may
simply be slightly unhinged.

Fungoid Cave-Shamans’ bodies
crawl with weird squigs and
insectoid familiars, drawn by the
spores that germinate in the grots’
brains and spill from their noses
and ears. Juvenile segmapedes wind
around the shamans’
fungal staves
and nip at their enemies, while
bloated spore-squigs scurr y about
their feet. This is always handy for
the Cave-Shamans, who need only
stamp on one of these wheezing
beasts to veil themselves behind a
belched-up cloud of spores.


PAGEBREAK
30

THE SQUIGS OF WAR

Many hardy breeds of squig are used by the Moonclan Grots upon the field of battle, ser ving as living weapons and
fearsome steeds whose fang-filled maws have been the last sight of countless terrified foes – and more than a few
grots to boot.

The Squigs of War

SQUIG HERDS

Cave Squigs are spherical beasts,
part animal and part fungus that
grow to roughly the height of a
human’s
chest. Their defining
features include squat but muscular
legs, beady red eyes fu l l of idiot
aggression, and an enormous maw
so rammed with foot-long fangs
that it is a wonder they can even
close their jaws. This they do with
a snap like a mantrap and pressure
enough to crunch through
solid rock, plate metal
and any number of minor
impediments like bone,
muscle and sinew.

Cave Squigs spawn
in the subterranean
mazes beneath the
realms. Some
are purpose-
bred by the

Moonclan Grots in well-reinforced
paddocks, but many more are
caught by Squig Herders using long,
wickedly pointed prodders. Herding
squigs is a dangerous job, and ends
more often than not in being messily
devoured. Yet
for those especially
hard-bitten grots that can pull it off,
prestige with the local boss and a
heap of shiny riches await.

As well as making good eating,
Cave Squigs are useful in battle.
Formed into anarchic packs, they are
herded toward the enemy by means
of poking-sticks, dangled fungi,
crashing cymbals and discordant
squigpipes. Not only do these
methods serve to keep the squigs
moving in the right direction, but
they make the beasts so angr y that
when they hit the enemy lines, they
do so in an avalanche of gnashing
jaws and butting heads. Occasionally

the odd squig or three break off from
the pack and go on the rampage
amidst the anarchy of battle, but
even then the carnage and panic they
sow through the enemy ranks works
in the favour of the Gloomspite Gitz.

SQUIG HOPPERS

When fed a prepared brew of
puffgut-balls and hopsplatter
fungus, Cave Squigs bloat up with
gastric gases that afford them a
surprising amount of lift. This
uncomfortable experience also
makes them especially ill-tempered
and ferocious, which is why it is even
more surprising that the craziest
grots chose to ride these bouncing
orb-beasts into battle.

No one is sure which maniac first
decided to tr y riding a squig, but
countless grots since have been


PAGEBREAK
31

devoured for their troubles. The
luckiest or most deranged manage
to hang on, however, and by dint
of their suicidal determination
Moonclan skraps gain the use of
some remarkably effective cavalry.

Squig Hoppers are held in awe by
the majority of Moonclan Grots,
who gather around to hear their
(largely fictitious) tales of derring-do
whenever the chance arises. In truth,
all the hoppers really do is cling on
for dear life and tr y to steer their
erratically bouncing steeds into the
foe, where the creatures’ snapping
jaws and ripping talons make short
work of anyone unlucky enough to
stand in their way.

BOINGROT BOUNDERZ

Some Squig Hoppers survive more
than their usual battle or two before
being devoured by their ferocious
steeds, run through by a foe or
killed in some hideous bounce-

related mishap. Known amongst the
Moonclans as Boingrot Bounderz,
these swaggering show-offs take
to wearing moon-shaped helms,
reasoning that no squig worth its salt
would dare tr y to eat the Bad Moon.
In some cases, this weird belief even
seems to hold true. The rest of the
time, wearing a big armoured helmet
at least spares the Boingrot Bounderz
from the worst damage when taking
blows to the bonce.

Bounderz become so good at
clinging to their steeds in battle that
they can actually spare attention to
think about fighting as well. This
they do with long pokin’
lances,
which – when driven by the meteoric
impetus of a hurtling squig – punch
right through plate armour to skewer
the victims inside. This makes
Boingrot Bounderz excellent line-
breakers and shock cavalry, with the
added bonus of seeing the look of
horror on an enemy’s face when the
Bounderz’ steeds bounce clean over
intervening obstacles to drive their
charge home with vicious force.

MANGLER SQUIGS

Only Moonclan Grots would be
mad enough to catch two giant Cave
Squigs, chain them together,
then
goad them in the direction of the
foe. Alternately pulling, yanking
and dragging each other along, the
fettered beasts hurtle forwards in
a towering rage. There is a token
attempt by the grots to steer the
Mangler Squigs by tethering a few
foolish volunteers directly to their
rubbery hides. This crew,
if they can
be called that, preserve some notion
of spurring the rolling monstrosities
in a deliberate direction. However,
this limited control
is lost altogether
by the time they slam into the enemy.

When Mangler Squigs crash into the
foe they quickly earn their name.
Blood and torn limbs fill the air
amidst the screams of the dying.
Fortress gates and great war engines
are smashed and crushed by the
squigs’ fury, and even should they be
killed, the squigs still wreak havoc
in their death throes before finally
rolling to a stop.


PAGEBREAK
32

THE MOONCLANS

Moonclan skraps are mostly made up of teeming mobs of grots. Most fight with whatever crude weapons they have
scavenged, stolen or cobbled together, and rely upon weight of numbers to carr y the day. However, more than a few
of the grots have a trick or two with which to bamboozle their foes, the better to stab them and get away with it.

The Moonclans

MOONCLAN GROTS

As the Bad Moon appears in the sky,
vast skulkmobs of Moonclan Grots
pour up to the surface. Whooping
and cack ling, they fling themselves
at the foe in a great mass that
overwhelms even the most heroic
and determined defence. One by one
the enemy fall beneath the weight of
the maniacal onslaught, and though
in the end they may lie amidst
mounds of slain grots, they are no
less dead for it and the greenskins no
less victorious.

The average Moonclan Grot stands
somewhat shorter than an adult
human. They have pale green skin,
mean red eyes and a wir y strength
hidden by the voluminous – and
very smelly – hooded robes they
wear. Moonclan Grots are cruel,
spiteful and malicious; the vast
majority think little further than
the next nasty trick they can play
or shiny gewgaw they can thieve.
They are not brave creatures, but
in large numbers they can prove
remarkably dangerous, especially

with the Gloomspite upon them and
a suitably cunning boss to force them
into battle.

Some Moonclan Grots – known as
Stabbas – fight at closer quarters
with spears or vicious shivs.
Others, the Shootas, darken the
skies with volleys of arrows from
gnarled recurve bows. They slay
their victims through the simple
expedient of saturating the target
area with hundreds of barbed shafts.
Regardless of the weapons they
wield, skulkmobs are supplemented
by devious grots clutching weighted
nets. Flung into the press of combat,
they can entangle foes long enough
for a mass of shrieking grots to
bury them in bodies and club them
to death.

Bad Moon banners wave above the
skulkmobs to inspire in the grots
something approximating courage,
while clanging gongs herd them into
the fight. Weird Bad Moon icons
that bear enchantments are raised
to veil the grots in arcane shadow,

or else radiate waves of unnatural
gravity that send enemies’ projectiles
wobbling off course. All of these
nefarious tactics, coupled with the
cunning of massed grots, turns
the skulkmobs into a force to be
reckoned with.

SNEAKY SNUFFLERS

The Bad Moon’s arrival is preceded
by a sudden flourishing of the pallid
white-and-purple fungi known as
looncaps. Varying from the size of a
thumbnail to the height of a mighty
ironoak, these glowing mushrooms
spread thick and fast through the
caverns of the Moonclans and even
blight the surface worlds. They
burst from every surface, be it soil,
stone, wood, metal or even flesh.
The Moonclan Grots prize looncaps
as omens of their deity’s approach,
and use them as ingredients for
all manner of magic potions,
as well as chewy snacks that fill
those who consume them with a
short burst of violent mania and
dangerous self-confidence.


PAGEBREAK
The first creatures to sense the
looncaps growing are the peculiar
beasties known as snufflesquigs.
Used to root out the best magical
fungi for the shamans, snufflesquigs
are little more than massive noses
and snapping mouths propelled
along by wir y little legs. They have
discerning senses when it comes
to mushrooms; snufflesquigs can
be more-or-less trained to root out
those that are useful while turning
their sizeable snouts up at those
that wi l l cause a grot to vomit
slime, break out in luminous yellow
spots, babble uncontrollably, burst
into flames or any other alarming
side effects.

Especially enterprising Moonclan
Grots catch and tame snufflesquigs
then make a decent living hunting
down the best ’shrooms for the
shamans’ pots. In the course of their
wanderings, these Sneaky Snufflers
inevitably poke their noses into the
tightest passages and crawl spaces,
and so have a habit of locating
cunning routes to the surface and
backways into enemies’ strongholds.

Moreover, when the Bad Moon
approaches, the snufflesquigs
raise their wrink led snouts and
howl. It is they who precede many
Gloomspite hordes to the surface.
Once there, Sneaky Snufflers dash
about harvesting the bounty of
magical mushrooms that grow
beneath the Bad Moon’s
light. They
wi l l cheerfully murder anyone
who stands between them and
a particularly ripe crop, slitting
throats and cutting hamstrings with
their loonfungus sickles.

Sneaky Snufflers scrabble up masses
of magical fungi as the battle goes
on, and it is not uncommon for
nearby skulkmobs to yell for a quick
snack mid-fight. These the snufflers
dole out, flinging handfuls of
assorted – and in some cases highly
toxic – fungi to their comrades, then
watching the resultant loonacy with
great delight.

LOONSMASHA FANATICS

Individual grots just aren’t all that
big or strong. When faced with
rampaging monsters or hulking

enemies such as Stormcast Eternals
or brutish ogors, weight of numbers
wi l l only get them so far. Being
Moonclan Grots, at such times
their best option is simply to cheat.
So were the first Loonsmasha
Fanatics unleashed.

Typically volunteers of var ying
levels of willingness, Loonsmasha
Fanatics are fed potent fungus brews.
Not only are these concoctions
hallucinogenic, they also vastly
boost the strength and stamina of
the grot that drinks them. Before the
boggle-eyed super-grot can go on
the rampage they are wrapped up in
chains, dosed with venoms to induce
temporary paralysis, and stuffed
into sacks or whatever else wi l l keep
them restrained for the time being.
They are then bundled into the midst
of a skulkmob and carted into battle.

Madcap mushrooms are mashed
up and mixed with squig blood and
foulecappe to make the frenzy-
inducing Fanatics’ brew.

At a key moment – typically when
the Loonboss remembers he’s got
Fanatics in the ranks, or else the
paralysing agents or spells wear
off – the Loonsmasha Fanatics have
huge metal balls and chains thrust
into their grasping hands and are
propelled with frantic glee out of the
front of the skulkmob in the enemy’s
general direction.

Jaws thick with froth, eyes glazed
and bulging, the Fanatics begin to
spin in wild circles. As they do so,
their balls and chains turn with
them, whooping through the air as
they pick up speed. Whirling like
miniature cyclones, the Loonsmasha

33

Fanatics careen madly across the
battlefield and plough into whatever
lies in their path. Should this be
a tree, a rock, a cliff edge or the
business end of their own wrecking
ball, then the Fanatics’
lives are cut
brutally – if hilariously – short. If,
on the other hand, they manage to
tear their way through the enemy
ranks, they can quickly reduce even
the largest and most powerful foes to
crumpled sacks of broken bones and
leaking viscera.

SPORESPLATTA FANATICS

History has forgotten the name of
that first brave pioneer to suggest
swapping a Fanatic’s
iron ball for a
thwackwheezer puffshroom. This
is probably because the halfwit in
question wound up bludgeoned to
death amidst a choking cloud of
spores within minutes. However,
idea stuck.

the

Thwackwheezer puffshrooms sprout
with what could be regarded as
spitefulness in the most awkward
corners of Moonclan lurklairs. Able
to reach the size of a full-grown
Cave Squig, they develop swiftly in
doorways, under sleeping pallets
and amidst heaps of food supplies.
Then, at the slightest touch, they
spew thick clouds of lung-clogging
spores with a deafening wet rasp.
These fungi are considered both a
horrendous nuisance and a great
source of pranks by most Moonclan
Grots, and when wielded in anger
they are surprisingly effective.

Swung in wild arcs by gangs of
frothing Fanatics, the puffshrooms
let out a constant wet thrrrp sound
as they spit billowing spore clouds.
Soon enough the Sporesplatta
Fanatics vanish altogether amidst
the concealing clouds, as do those
grots hiding behind them. Moreover,
those same grots take deep lungfuls
of the spore-thick air and rapidly
succumb to a bug-eyed battle frenzy
that is frightening to see. The enemy
are not so lucky – those wreathed in
the spore clouds are soon hacking up
bloody froth as their lungs dissolve,
and should a thwackwheezer catch
them a solid blow,
it is more than
weighty enough to shatter bones and
crush skulls.


PAGEBREAK
34

ARACHNAROK SPIDERS

Few of the monsters that haunt the Mortal Realms compare to the Arachnarok Spider in terms of sheer horror.
These gargantuan invertebrates are so enormous that they can scale a Dreadfort wall in a few swift strides,
trample enemy battle lines into bloody pulp and bear entire warparties of grots into the fray on their backs.

Arachnarok Spiders

Of the many abominations to infest
the wilds of the realms, the colossal
Arachnarok Spider is amongst
the most fearsome. It is a nigh-
unstoppable super predator that
can grow to the size of a Kharadron
Ironclad. In the depths of gnarled
forests and overgrown ruins, these
eight-legged monstrosities stalk and
entrap entire gor-kin warbands and
clans of Sylvaneth, as well as larger
prey like gargants and Cygors. After
incapacitating bigger creatures with
flesh-dissolving venom delivered via
their oversized fangs, an Arachnarok
Spider wi l l drink up the liquefied
innards of its quarry.

Human-sized victims are wrapped
into web casings by the hundred.
So potent is the poison contained
within the Arachnarok’s
silk that
a few hours entwined in its sticky
embrace wi l l reduce a Freeguild
soldier to a jelly-like morsel of
putrefied flesh, a protein-rich glob
ready to be consumed. Arachnarok
Spiders have been known to ensnare
the entire populations of border-
villages or cogfort garrisons foolish
enough to settle too close to the
dark shadows of their nests. Despite
their bulk, the great beasts can
work noiselessly to encircle their
prey’s dwellings within strands of
webbing thicker than an orruk’s
arm. None can escape such a ghastly
trap, allowing the spider to feast at
its leisure.

Since the first grot tribes entered the
vast forests and jungles of the Mortal
Realms, they have been prey for the
monsters that stalk those arboreal
hunting grounds. The ancestors of
the Spiderfang tribes found that
they could defeat and even tame
packs of Giant Spiders, harvesting
broodlings at a young enough age to
transform them into faithful – if still
dangerous and irascible – mounts.
No tribe could stem the assault of an
Arachnarok Spider, however, and the
early Spiderfang Grots learned to live
in fear of them.

It is unclear whether the grots’
worship of the Spider God began
before they encountered Arachnarok
Spiders or afterwards. Whatever the
case, it quickly became apparent
that those stalktribes who gave
worship to the arachnid deity
with spider totems and bloody
sacrificial offerings were spared the
Arachnaroks’ hungry attentions.

Blue Gorkshrooms and green
Morkshrooms war constantly in the
deep caverns. Mashed together,
they
make a vision-inducing paste.

By the beginning of the Age of
Chaos, the Spiderfang stalktribes
had not only appeased their
chitinous oppressors, but had
even gone so far as to establish a
symbiotic relationship with them.
The grots built their settlements
around the bone-strewn lairs of the
Arachnarok Spiders and provided
them with a steady stream of trussed
and screaming victims to devour.
In return, the Arachnaroks not
only kept their grot consumption
to a minimum, but also joined the
Spiderfang Grots upon the field of
battle and even deigned to allow
the diminutive greenskins to lash
crude howdahs and shrines to their
backs. To the Spiderfang Grots,
the Arachnaroks had become both
demigods and crucial allies. To those
who came up against them in battle,
the many-limbed beasts had become
an unholy terror.

The most commonly seen
Arachnarok Spiders are those that
are still young and aggressively
territorial. Their ichor flows hot and
their appetites are insatiable. Such
creatures are easy for the Spiderfang
Grots to lure from their nesting pits
by way of babbled shamanic rituals,
bloodily slashed offerings and the
thunder of tribal drums. First to
emerge from the dark holes are
the spiders’
long front legs, which
they use to pull the rest of their
nightmarish bodies into the half-
light. Mouthparts working, clustered
eyes glinting, the Arachnaroks
suffer themselves to be bedecked in
shanty-platforms onto which the
bravest grots quickly swarm. Then
they march out to war, scuttling with
horrifying speed upon segmented
legs as thick as tree trunks.

These living war-platforms typically
lead the stalktribes’ charge. They
have little interest in the war plans
of the grot leaders, obeying only
their own predatory instincts and
voracious hunger. Legs pistoning, the
Arachnarok Spiders scuttle across
the battlefield and pounce upon
whatever prey takes their fancy.
Bladed limbs rise and fall, impaling
or swatting aside screaming
warriors. Multiple fangs snick heads
from shoulders and hold struggling
victims in place while digestive acids
are injected. The Arachnaroks even
use their great bulk as a weapon,
rearing up over massed foes then
crashing down to crush and maim.

For their part, the Spiderfang Grots
riding upon the Arachnaroks’
howdahs cling on for dear life. They
cackle madly at the destruction
being unleashed,
loose poisoned
arrows from their bows and jab at
victims with flint-tipped spears
whenever their swaying platform
veers close enough to afford them a
chance at spiteful stabbing. The grot
crews have little say in where their
steed carries them. Most of them
couldn’t care less; not only would


PAGEBREAK
35

such efforts be blasphemy against
the Spider God, but the crew-grots
frank ly don’t care all that much,
so long as they get to join in with
the slaughter.

FLINGERS AND
SPIDERSHRINES

As Arachnarok Spiders grow older,
they become more patient and
malevolent. In many cases their
hides thicken and dull somewhat in
hue, and the spiders become more
inclined to lurk in their lairs and
allow prey to be brought to them
rather than venture out on the
hunt. When these elder arachnids
are lured into battle, their cooler
temperaments and greater wisdom
allow them to be used for more
strategically varied purposes. Many
are fitted with flinger platforms,
a variant on the typical shanty-
howdah that incorporates a sizeable
catapult. These weapons are loaded
with wads of venom-drenched
spider silk threaded through with
sharpened bone shards.

The flinger’s projectiles not only
slam down into the midst of the
foe with ki l ling force, but they also
explode into an entangling cloud of
sticky filaments. Victims are blinded
and trapped as the webbing spatters
across their faces and limbs. Riders
are dragged from their saddles,
war engine workings are fouled
and warriors’ blade arms pinned
by the tacky filth, which can take
long minutes to peel and hack loose.
This leaves the shocked survivors
of a flinger bombardment as ripe
prey for the whooping masses of
Spiderfang Grots.

The elder Arachnarok Spiders
are also better able to commune
with Webspinner Shamans in
the greenskins’ venom-fuelled
hallucinations. The most ancient
of their number may thus deign to
bear such a capering war-leader into
battle, even carr ying his personal
catchweb spidershrine into the fray
where its vile blessings enhance the
shaman’s
sorcerous powers. The
Spiderfang Grots look upon such

shrine-bearing Arachnaroks as
vessels of the Spider God’s will, and
fight tooth and nail for the honour of
riding into war upon their backs.

SKITTERSTRAND
ARACHNAROKS

Even more holy than the venerable
Arachnaroks – and substantially
creepier – are the Skitterstrand
Arachnaroks. Following the
quivering strands of mortality,
these
creatures slink from Shyish to spring
suddenly upon unwitting victims.
They are drawn to battlefields, for
mass violence coupled with the
frenzied rituals of the Spiderfang
Grots sets the mortal web to dancing
like nothing else. Few soldiers forget
the horror of a vast, eight-legged
demigod of death unfolding itself
from a hole in reality to snatch
away their comrades. Countless
fortifications have been breached
after spiders the size of drakes
burst from the ether to trap the
screaming defenders behind their
own ramparts.


PAGEBREAK
36

WORSHIPPERS OF THE SPIDER GOD

Spiderfang Grots provide the Gloomspite hordes with fast-moving and highly manoeuvrable cavalry. Their
monstrous mounts are as lethal as they are horrifying, and their poisoned arrows, vicious spears and potent
magics are the bane of their surprised foes.

Worshippers of the Spider God

WEBSPINNER SHAMANS

Spiderfang stalktribes are ruled over
by their Webspinner Shamans. They
are the heart and soul of the Spider
God’s cult and the mortal conduits
of its will; whatever the shamans say
is law. This can prove inconvenient
at times, for they are given to all
manner of deranged rantings. Still,
it is not for the Spiderfang Grots to
question why their god wishes them
all to paint their heads bright blue,
throw half of their accumulated
loot down a drops-pit or ride out
to war only after the shaman has
seen his pet nibbler spider walk
thrice anticlockwise.

Webspinner Shamans encourage
small venomous spiders such as
purple skullbacks to nest upon their
bodies, often living in convenient
crannies behind the ears, between
the toes or even in the shaman’s
mouth. As a result of the inevitable
spider-bites,
their blood seethes with
hallucinogenic toxins that allow
them to experience visions from
the Spider God, and to enter the
Arachnarok nests without fear for
their lives. It also imbues their magic
with creeping arachnid energies,
enabling them to inject many-legged
haste into their skittermobs, conjure
wind-blown shields of magical
webbing to protect their warriors
from harm, and summon flesh-
crawling spider swarms that leave
enemies as purple, swollen corpses
with their ensorcelled bites.

Webspinner Shamans are driven
by the fervent desire to please the
Spider God. They believe that their
deity wishes the Everdank to cover
the lands, so that all of its arachnid
children can spill forth and hunt
forever amidst the twilight shadows.
This belief, coupled with the
constant need to appease the hungry
Arachnaroks that dwell in their
nests, makes Webspinner Shamans
warlike leaders. They order frequent
raids to secure captive offerings, and
lead many of these in person.

SCUTTLEBOSSES

The greatest warriors of the
Spiderfang tribes are elevated by
their ruling shamans to the rank
of Scuttleboss. Scuttlebosses are
typically larger, meaner and more
arrogant than any of their comrades.
They are vicious killers whose
abilities with their wicked blades
have caught out many foes who
underestimated the sheer cunning
and spite of their grot opponent.

Only the foolish brush against
grey spattlethwappers. This fungus
explodes at the slightest provocation
and sprays madness-inducing spores.

Unlike the great majority of grot
rulers, Scuttlebosses lead by
example. They are relied upon
by the Webspinner Shamans to
keep the stalktribes moving in the
right direction, and are capable
of planning ambushes and flank
attacks with a surprising amount of
mean-spirited ingenuity.

While they are not necessarily
braver than the average grot war
leader, Scuttlebosses benefit from
a degree of manic courage brought
on by the arachnid venom coursing
through their veins. They are given
to sporadic bouts of brilliance and
fearlessness – not least because they
are rarely fully in touch with reality
– and their wild, ululating war cries
inspire their followers to skitter
headlong into the enemy and stab at
them in a wild frenzy.

Over time, Scuttlebosses deliberately
ingest increasingly hazardous spider
venoms, and are forever being bitten
by arachnids both large and small
in bizarre rituals. Not only does this
toughen them up enormously,
it
also has a more profound effect on
their physiology, mutating them to
the point that some Scuttlebosses
are rumoured to be more spider
than greenskin. Clusters of eyes,
mandibular inner mouthparts,
poisonous blood and whip-swift
reactions are all common features
amongst Scuttlebosses. These
unsettling attributes are seen by
the rest of the tribe as the blessings
of the Spider God, and may also
go some way towards explaining
why the larger arachnids allow the
Scuttlebosses to ride to war upon
their backs.

Scuttlebosses are carried into
battle by the aptly named gigantic
spiders, which breed in the wildest
and darkest corners of the Mortal
Realms. These creatures are solitary
apex predators that can grow to
the size of an Azyrite Dracoth –
larger if measured limb to limb.
Their bodies are protected by an
exoskeleton of thick chitin, with
that on their forelimbs being
wickedly barbed, and their bite
is deadly in the extreme. Only
the most foolhardy would seek
out these alpha-arachnids, but
fortunately for the Spiderfang Grots,
their shamans fit right into that
lack-of-common-sense category.

A gifted shaman may manage to
steal away a clutch of newly hatched
gigantic spiders, each already the size
of a horse’s head, which can then be
taken back to the nest to be reared
and trained. When fully grown, the
huge creatures are prized as mounts
for the Scuttlebosses, many of whom
win their status by successfully
staring down and mounting such a
beast without being perfunctorily
sucked dr y like a refreshing draught
in the process.


PAGEBREAK
37

SPIDER RIDERS

Spider Riders make up the bulk of
most Spiderfang raiding parties.
They charge into battle upon the
backs of giant arachnids. Emitting
high-pitched, whooping cries, they
burst from cracks and crevices in
ruins, forests and caves to encircle or
outflank their prey.

Spider Riders decorate themselves
with bright feathers, the quills of
which are often stuck directly into
their skin. Different stalktribes use
various combinations of coloured
feathers, and bear distinguishing
tribal glyphs on their shields and
bodies, sometimes etched into their
flesh with acids or painted on using
pigments extracted from a myriad
disgusting sources. They gather
glowing cr ystals and bioluminescent
insects and wear them as jewellery,
seeking to look every bit as weird
and fearsome as their mounts.

There are many different – and
equally nightmarish – breeds of
Giant Spider that serve as mounts

for the Spiderfang Grots. From
the blistermere skulkback and
blue cliffleaper,
to the greyfang,
Chamonite ironweb and the reviled
shrieking manglespitter, all share
certain key features that make
them ideal steeds. The spiders are
invariably venomous and have steely,
pincer-like mouthparts that can
punch through plate armour.

While not as swift across flat ground
as some war-beasts, Giant Spiders
can move at speed through the
densest terrain. Spiderfang Grots
have become masters at guiding
their many-limbed mounts through
tangled canopies and craggy rock
formations, over the tumbledown
ramparts of shattered fortresses and
through seemingly untraversable
gaps. All of this allows them to stalk
their prey unseen. Combined with
their steeds’ ability to move in near
silence, Spider Riders are expert
at launching deadly ambushes,
overwhelming their foes in a sudden
onrush of scuttling horrors and
maniacal greenskin braves.

In battle, Spider Riders act as light
cavalry, although the shrewd grots
always seek to manoeuvre into dense
terrain. They know that, as they
scuttle through ruins and woodland,
they can benefit from cover against
their enemies’ attacks while being
able to launch their own lightning-
fast strikes at the slightest sign of
weakness. Skittermobs are also
equipped with bows, and some wi l l
slink sneakily over obstacles and
around the enemy’s flanks, seeking
to pick off vulnerable targets. The
most aggressive Spider Riders,
meanwhile, scurr y straight at the
foe, relying on their spears and the
venomous bites of their mounts to
put an end to their prey.

Spider Riders are particularly hated
and feared by their enemies for
their tendency to take live captives
to feed to their arachnid demigods.
Countless victims have been injected
with paralysing venoms, swept up in
web lassos and spirited swiftly away
into the gloom, there to meet a truly
horrible fate.


PAGEBREAK
38

DENIZENS OF THE DANKHOLDS

Far from the light of the surface worlds lie dripping grottos and hidden caverns where natural light does not
reach. Thick with stalactites and stalagmites, crawling with weird insects and bug-eyed beasts, these subterranean
sanctums are home to some of the largest and strangest troggoths to dwell in the Mortal Realms.

Denizens of the Dankholds

DANKHOLD
TROGGBOSSES

The deepest and strangest caverns
are known by the grots as dankholds.
More than mere caves, these are
places of elemental gloom where the
darkness is thick enough to smother
living beings and a cold dampness
settles into the bones of any unlucky
enough to wander lost in the depths.
In places the shadows coagulate
into sucking meres that can
swallow a man whole. In others, the
caverns themselves develop a crude
sentience, gnashing stony fangs and
snarling threats at one another in
low voices of grinding stone.

The Dankhold Troggbosses rule
over these stygian depths. They
are the petty kings of strange and
verminous courts. Troggbosses are
huge brutes, and often the eldest of
their monstrous subspecies. They
boast bodies thick with ensorcelled
fungi, accrued stalagmitic deposits
and layers of dripping slime. The
stink of ancient damp that wafts
from the folds of their leathery hides
is enough to make an ogor gag.
Troggbosses’ huge fists can squeeze
with such slow, savage strength
that they can crumple an armoured
warrior into so much wreckage
and bloody pulp. Most important

of all, the Troggbosses exude a
subconscious sense of power and
authority that other subterranean
beasts bow to instinctively.

It is this weight of presence that leads
other troggoths, not to mention
all manner of other underground
creatures, to follow a Troggboss’
lead. No one is truly sure why
Troggbosses wake from their
slumbers in their deep dankholds
and begin to lumber towards the
surface world, but once they set off
they are all but unstoppable. Huge
segmapedes, gangle-legged git-
grabbers, flutterwinged Bat Squigs
and countless other troglodytic
critters follow in a Troggboss’ wake,
some being adopted as favoured
pets by the squint-eyed monster.
Troggoths and grots flock behind
them too, the former with an
instinctive acceptance, the latter
hiding in the Troggboss’ reassuring
shadow as he trudges into battle.

Once amongst the foe, a Dankhold
Troggboss is a fearsome opponent.
He hefts an enormous club that he
swings in thunderous arcs, pulping
entire ranks of the enemy with every
swing. His tough hide regrows by
the moment, gaping wounds healing
before the horrified enemy’s eyes.
Worst of all, many Troggbosses
pluck glowing treasures from their
fallen victims. They snag the twink ly
whatsits because their simple minds
appreciate their shine, but the
result is that many of these beasts
lumber to war inadvertently bearing
talismans of sorcerous protection,
potent luck charms and other
strange arcana that make them more
dangerous than ever.

DANKHOLD TROGGOTHS

Dankhold Troggoths are loners, even
by the standards of their antisocial
species. They tend to shun the
company of most other living beings,
lumbering ever downwards into
the deepest tunnels until they find


PAGEBREAK
39

themselves a nice, quiet dankhold
in which they can nap undisturbed.
Once a Dankhold Troggoth settles
down for a snooze, decades – even
centuries – can pass before he snorts
into wakefulness again. Over time,
these strange beasts shrink or grow
to fit the space of the dankhold
they have chosen. Thus, some
troggoths wi l l cram themselves into
preposterously cramped caverns and
drift off, only to wake up half their
original height and weight. On the
other hand, a Dankhold Troggoth
that falls asleep in an echoing cavern
can wake up from his nap twenty
years later several times larger than
he was when he began dozing.

The reason for these weird
transformations – at least according
to the Moonclan shamans – is the
Dankhold Troggoths’ diet. When
awake, the rangy and stupid beasts
wi l l pluck up almost anything that
strays into arm’s
reach and stuff it
into their maw if the mood takes
them. However,
their real favourite –
and the staple of their nourishment
– are varieties of magical fungi that
grow around deposits of realmstone.

Even a Dankhold Troggoth’s
guts couldn’t cope with digesting
realmstone in its raw form –
though that isn’t
to say that some
of them haven’t
tried – but they
wi l l gobble down magic-saturated
mushrooms such as spark-o’-the-
pyres, blackenshades and irontongue
morels like there’s no tomorrow.
The accumulated primordial magic
ought to ki l l them stone dead after a

few mouthfuls. Instead,
it saturates
the Dankhold Troggoths; as well as
fuelling their metabolic and physical
transmogrifications, this sorcerous
saturation makes Dankhold
Troggoths remarkably resistant to
hostile magics, which they often
consume with a satisfied belch.

Spiteshrooms and Stalagsquigs are
but two of the myriad weird beasties
that scuttle, squirm and lurk amidst
the dark of the dankholds.

As they sleep, mushrooms and
puffballs take root in the troggoths’
flesh, and all up and down the
crude clubs of stone and fossilised
wood they drag around like
beloved companions. This, coupled
with the deep-cavern stench that
clings to them and the forests of
small stalagmites that build up on
their shoulders and heads, makes
Dankhold Troggoths a reassuring
presence for other subterranean
denizens. When the beasts emerge
from the depths to fight amidst the
Gloomspite hordes, it is as though

the spirit of the deep’n’dank
has
joined the grots upon the field of
battle. Moonclan grots in particular
huddle close to their ‘big mates’,
drawing confidence from their
presence while letting the troggoths
soak up the majority of enemy fire.

If Dankhold Troggoths are a
comfort upon the battlefield for
their allies, they are figures of
dread to their enemies. The largest
amongst them stand nigh as tall as
gargants, and possess a slow and
inexorable strength that sees them
batter down fortress gates and crush
the mightiest warriors to bloody
paste. Veering between dim-witted
curiosity and sudden, terrifying
ferocity,
the Dankhold Troggoths
lumber steadily on through the
enemy lines, wreaking gory havoc
as they go. Blades plunged into their
thick hides are likely to be trapped
as the troggoths’ wounds suck closed
with wet slurps, while arrows and
bolts feather their flesh to little
effect. Even a severed limb does little
more than slow the beasts down.

Truly, an enemy’s only hope
of bringing down a Dankhold
Troggoth is to concentrate so
much punishment upon it that its
regenerative capabilities cannot keep
up. Yet even should they bring the
huge beast low, the enemy’s triumph
is short-lived. After all, every bolt
and sorcerous blast directed at a
Dankhold Troggoth leaves another
grot unscathed as it scurries into
battle, wicked shiv glinting and
fangs bared for murder.

MOLLOG THE MIGHTY

Mollog is not the biggest of Dankhold Troggoths,
but he is amongst the eldest and most belligerent.
For centuries, Mollog slumbered deep beneath the
Desert of Bones in Shyish. Then came the skaven with
their chisel fangs glinting in the gloom. Roused from
his slumbers, Mollog went on the rampage. Dozens
of skaven were crushed and bludgeoned, their flesh
dissolved by the virulent spores that billowed from
Mollog’s puffshroom-encrusted club. More had limbs
snapped off by his pet Stalagsquig, were bedevilled
then mauled by his Spiteshroom familiar and the Bat
Squig that roosted in his favourite armpit, or met
their end by taking a hard-flung jabbertoad to the
face. Eventually,
the skaven realised that it was safest
simply to extend their territory elsewhere, and Mollog

was left to his own devices. By now, however, he was
wide awake, had worked up a raging appetite, and
couldn’t help but notice that the parts of his Dankhold
not choked with ratman corpses were literally on
fire. Even Mollog’s
tiny intellect was sufficient to
determine that this was no longer the best place to
have a nap. Thus, he set off on an aimless wander in
search of a new Dankhold to call his own. Trailed by
his menagerie of minions, Mollog eventually found
his way into the catacombs beneath Shadespire, and
thence through the cracks of reality to the Nightvault.
Since then, Mollog has been hunting determinedly for
a quiet corner in which to snooze – as yet, his treasure-
seeking neighbours haven’t seen fit to oblige him, but
they soon learn to their detriment how violent a sleep-
deprived Dankhold Troggoth can be.


PAGEBREAK
40

TROGGOTHS OF THE REALMS

Troggoths are highly adaptable to their environment. They take on all manner of odd traits, their regenerating
flesh growing back a little different each time until new subspecies perfectly suited to their surroundings arise.
The creatures var y wildly in appearance and behaviour, but all are hungry and obnoxious in equal measure.

Troggoths of the Realms

Troggoths are anathema to reason,
order and civilisation. Renowned
for their prodigious strength and
devastating lack of intellect, their
many offshoots share certain natural
advantages that more than make up
for their lack of brains and charm.
First and foremost, troggoth flesh
heals with incredible rapidity. Cuts
and gashes slither closed in a matter
of seconds, while even smashed
bones, severed limbs and lost heads
can be repaired or regrown after
a minute or so’s repulsive-looking
regeneration. This is a boon both on
and off the battlefield;
it may account
for the troggoths’ continuing
sur vival and success as a race,
despite having reactions so slow
that it often takes them upwards of
a minute to realise that someone is
beating them repeatedly around the
head with a mace.

The other major advantage enjoyed
by troggoths is their ability to swiftly
develop natural defences based
upon their environment and diet.
So it is that some species of troggoth
can forcefully disgorge streams of
lethally corrosive bile or swallow
and digest hostile magics, while
others grow rusty iron hides, belch
thick dark shadows or navigate by
flatulent echolocation.

FELLWATER TROGGOTHS

Lurking amidst the silt and muck of
turgid rivers and sweltering swamps,
Fellwater Troggoths are singularly
revolting beasts. Their scaly hides
constantly ooze and drip a noxious
slime, and their bodily stench is so
outstandingly offensive that even
hardened greenskin warriors wi l l tr y
to stay upwind of them at all costs.

creatures can spew a jetting spray
of caustic vomit that dissolves flesh,
bone and even metal in seconds.
Needless to say, enemies that
somehow miraculously survive this
appalling close-range bombardment
are left reeling in agony, suffocating,
half-blind and thrown into utter
disarray. By the time they realise the
Fellwater Troggoths are amongst
them with clubs and claws swinging,
it is far too late.

Alongside the jutting tusks that pack
their lantern jaws and the wicked
talons that tip their webbed hands
and feet, Fellwater Troggoths have
another – especially disgusting –
weapon at their disposal. With much
urging and retching, the horrible

ROCKGUT TROGGOTHS

Rockgut Troggoths have, on
occasion, been mistaken for heaps
of boulders, or else statues produced
by a sculptor who must surely have
been suffering from a severe knock
to the head or a terminal
lack of

talent. The illusion is swiftly ruined
as the craggy beasts lumber into stiff
motion and start bludgeoning and
devouring ever ything in reach.

Rockgut Troggoths crawl from the
very bowels of the earth, gouging out
tunnels and caverns by devouring
the solid heartsrock of the realms.
Not only does this cause them to
grow thick hides of stony scale that
are resistant to both magical and
conventional assault, but it also
allows them to manipulate stone as
though it were water. Amongst more
cerebral creatures, this might lead
to all manner of wonderful artifice.
The troggoths simply use this innate
talent to scoop up massive clubs or
flingable boulders at will, the better
to mash their enemies to a pulp.


PAGEBREAK
ALEGUZZLER GARGANTS

Towering over the grots that scamper about their feet, Aleguzzler Gargants stomp into battle with foul-tempered
bellows of fury. Motivated by a constant supply of potent fungus brew and a desire to take out their drunken rage
on any who get in their way, the gargants make deadly – if rather unpredictable – allies for the Gloomspite Gitz.

Aleguzzler Gargants

41

The original gargants are said to have
been a proud people, if somewhat
feral. Children of the godbeast
Behemat, they strode the realms
during the Age of Myth in tribal
groups, raising great edifices of soil
and stone and sometimes aiding the
forces of Order in their efforts to
defend the lands.

The Age of Chaos proved the ruin
of the gargant tribes. Corrupted by
the taint of Chaos, abandoned by
Sigmar’s shattered pantheon, they
degenerated into idiot savages. Those
that did not transform into mutated
abominations were reduced to
simple-minded beasts, possessed of
savage tendencies and swift tempers
that worsened in the presence of
anything they didn’t comprehend.
As this was nearly ever ything that
the gargants encountered, they
typically left trails of devastation
in their wake, towers toppled and
settlements depopulated by their
crude and violent attentions.

It was natural that gargants would
gravitate towards the hordes
of Destruction, offering their
dimly understood allegiance to
Gorkamorka. Nowadays, gargants
have become drunken brawlers
who lumber into battle at the
slightest provocation amidst
whatever greenskin or ogor horde
has convinced them to fight at their
side. The gargants that fight with
the Gloomspite hordes are most
commonly those that have found
a nice deep, dark cavern in which
to sleep off their latest bender, and
when the din of battle wakes them
they are eager to combat their
titanic hangovers by getting totally
inebriated once more. Bribed by
the grots with vast quantities of
fungus brew,
the brutes advance into
battle with ground-shaking strides,
swatting the enemy with huge clubs,
trampling them into the ground, or
drunkenly toppling onto them with
fatal effect before returning to their
ale-sodden slumbers.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The caverns echo to the clangour of gongs, the wail of squigpipes and the jabbering of grots beyond
count as the Gloomspite Gitz surge forward to overwhelm the thin gold Stormcast battle line.


PAGEBREAK
44

GALLERY OF GITZ

Few ranges of Citadel Miniatures are as varied, nor by turns as humorous and horrific, as the Gloomspite Gitz.
Here we present a showcase of grot, squig, troggoth and gargant models expertly painted by Games Workshop’s
very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

GALLERY OF GITZ

Following the movements of the Bad Moon, Skragrott
the Loonking leads a seething Gloomspite horde through the
echoing caverns below the Mortal Realms, ready to launch another invasion of the sur face worlds.


PAGEBREAK
45

Loonboss

Skragrott,

the Loonking

Fungoid Cave-Shaman

Shroomancer

Spiker

Boggleye

Scaremonger

Brewgit

A Loonboss urges on his skrap with vicious threats as they charge into battle. Only when the enemy are preoccupied with
the grot rabble will he make his way through the press,
looking to deal a low blow where it counts.


PAGEBREAK
46

Loonboss on Mangler Squigs

Led by Sneaky Snufflers and the prophetic visions of a Fungoid Cave-Shaman,
the Moonclan Grots find a way around the
Kharadron Overlords’ flank to stab them in the back.


PAGEBREAK
47

Squig Herders

Cave Squigs

Heralded by an aw ful racket that can be heard through the surrounding tunnels for miles in all directions, a
Squigalanche thunders through the gloom, cer tain that the Bad Moon cannot be far ahead…


PAGEBREAK
48

Bounder Boss

Squig Hopper

Squig Hopper Boss

Boingrot Bounder

Stabba from
the Badsnatchers

Stabba from
Claggit’s Smotherers

Stabba from
Narkleg’s Badstabbas

Stabba from the
Moon City Murderboyz

Boingrot Bounder from
the Moonchomperz

Squig Hopper from
Nazgrab’s Hopgobs

Squig Hopper Boss from
the Waggun Chaserz

Squig Hopper from
Naffgit’s Nobblerz

Boingrot Bounder from
the Jaws of Mork


PAGEBREAK
49

Loonsmasha Fanatic

Loonsmasha Fanatic

Sporesplatta Fanatic

Sporesplatta Fanatics crash into the Daughters of Khaine amidst a billowing fungal miasma, while Mork’s Mighty
Mushroom erupts from the ground to shower the bloodthirsty aelves in mutagenic spores.


PAGEBREAK
50

Arachnarok Spider with Flinger


PAGEBREAK
51

Calling upon his arachnid god, a Webspinner Shaman summons a venomous Scuttletide to overrun the foe.

Led by a shrieking Scuttleboss, a mighty Spider fang Stalktribe surges into battle against the Sylvaneth.


PAGEBREAK
52

Fellwater Troggoth

Rockgut Troggoth

Rockgut Troggoth

Rockgut Troggoth

Rockgut Troggoth


PAGEBREAK
53

A Dankhold Troggboss wades through a Nighthaunt host, banishing shrieking ghasts with every lumbering club-swing.

Dankhold Troggoth


PAGEBREAK
54

DA KING’S GITZ

Skragrott the Loonking is accompanied at all times by a seething mass of Moonclan Grots that proudly cal l
themselves Da King’s Gitz. Though the numbers and composition of this skrap varies from one battle to the next,
they can always be relied upon to boil forward in a murderous tide when the Gloomspite is upon them.

DA KING’S GITZ

This Moonclan Skrap is led into
battle by none other than Skragrott
himself. Grots being unruly sorts,
however, even the Loonking
needs some lackeys to take the
blame if things go sideways. Thus
he is accompanied by Loonboss
Ugglesnag, a Gobbapalooza known
imaginatively as Da Weirdoz, and
the rarely lucid Madcap Shaman
Wazzakaggle. Meanwhile, Skragrott
can always rely on his orders
being obeyed swiftly thanks to the
presence of the Dankhold Troggoth
Umm, who gladly flattens anything
Skragrott tells him to.

The expendable mass of the King’s
Gitz is predominantly made up
of several boggle-eyed mobs of
Moonclan Grots. The Shootas of
Nark’s Twangers rain volleys of
black-fletched arrows upon the
enemy’s heads, while the Stabbas of
Biggit’s Pointy Prodderz and Mad
Arik’s Murderboyz dash towards
the enemy waving bladed objects
and screaming shrill war cries. Of
course, this rag-robed rabble are
made substantially more dangerous
spectacle by the Loonsmasha
Fanatics they drag along in
their midst.

For scouting out the best fungi, the
King’s Gitz are accompanied by a
pack of Sneaky Snufflers – Snurk
Da Snout’s Snooterz. Meanwhile,
their advance towards the enemy
is screened by the billowing clouds
generated by a mob of Sporesplatta
Fanatics known affectionately to the
rest of the skrap as Da Expendabul
Whirlin’ Nutterboyz.

No Moonclan Skrap worth its
gubbinz is complete without a
substantial mass of squigs to
rampage through, bounce all over
and messily devour the enemy.


PAGEBREAK
55

Herded into battle with much
honking and clanking come the
Cave Squigs of Blagger’s Herd. These
fang-mawed monsters wi l l take
on enemies many times their size,
and can easily take off a Stormcast
Eternal’s arm with a single chomp
given half the chance.

and Skragash, showing surprising
temerity in mocking the destructive
and ultimately doomed alliance of
the gods of Order and Death. The
humour, of course, is lost on his
underlings, but they appreciate the
bloodshed these rolling balls of
bloodlust can unleash.

The ground reverberates beneath the
pounding claws of the Squig Hoppers
known as Da Moonbouncers and
the Boingrot Bounderz who call
themselves Da Loonking’s Lancers.
Hurtling in the vague direction
of the enemy at breakneck pace,
these bizarre cavalr y can smash a
battle line in two. If the impact of
the squig riders proves insufficient
to throw the foe’s ranks into
disarray,
there is always the army’s
pair of Mangler Squigs. Skragrott
named these monsters Squigmar

Finally,
lumbering in the wake of
the main battle line come a mob of
Rockgut Troggoths that some wit
amongst the skrap decided to call Da
Boulderbrainz. The creatures’
lack
of a flashy title, or two brain cells to
rub together, should not lull their
enemies into a false sense of security,
however ; the crashing barrages of
boulders these troggoths can hurl,
coupled with their unstoppable
strength at close quarters, have
proven the ruin of many an
unwary foe.

1. Skragrott, the Loonking
2. Loonboss
3. Gobbapalooza
4. Madcap Shaman
5. Dankhold Troggoth
6. Shootas
7. Stabbas
8. Stabbas
9. Sneaky Snufflers
10. Loonsmasha Fanatics
11. Sporesplatta Fanatics
12. Squig Herd
13. Squig Hoppers
14. Boingrot Bounderz
15. Mangler Squigs
16. Rockgut Troggoths


PAGEBREAK
56

PAINTING YOUR
GLOOMSPITE GITZ

PAINTING YOUR
GLOOMSPITE GITZ

The Gloomspite Gitz are a remarkably varied and visually interesting army with many different colours and
textures to engage with. Whether you are a brand-new painter approaching your first ever collection, or a veteran
brush-wielder extraordinaire, the following tips and tricks w i l l help you to get the best from your models.

One of the most enjoyable aspects
of the Games Workshop hobby is
taking paint and brush and bringing
your collection of Citadel Minaitures
to life. Even a single model looks
fantastic when carefully painted
and based. However, nothing
beats gathering your miniatures
together into a fully painted tabletop
army upon the field of battle and
seeing the impressive spectacle
they present.

Painting your Citadel Miniatures is
as much a personalised experience
as collecting and gaming. Within
the pages of this battletome and
beyond, you wi l l see many colour
schemes that, should you choose
to, you can copy in order to have

your Gloomspite Gitz belong to
a particular horde. On the other
hand, perhaps you would prefer to
use your own palette and paint your
models in colours that appeal to
you. Some painters enjoy lavishing
hours of attention upon every
model, bringing them up to the most
spectacular individual standard they
can manage. Others prefer to paint
their models in batches, aiming to
turn out entire regiments ready for
battle whose coherent colour scheme
and massed numbers make them
look fantastic upon the tabletop. As
with all aspects of this hobby,
there’s
really no right or wrong way to do
things so long as you’re happy with
the end result. So whether you’re
looking to dabble with painting a

few grots or amass a horde of loons
fit to terrify your foe, these pages
contain invaluable information on
how to go about doing just that.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

BLACK ROBES

1

2

3

Begin painting your
Moonclan robes
with a basecoat of
Abaddon Black.

Next, pick out the edges
and raised areas of the
cloth with a highlight of
Dark Reaper.

Use Dawnstone to apply
a final highlight on the
very edges of the cloth to
provide sharp definition.

For a quick alternative,
follow the previous stages
but drybrush rather
than highlight.

GROT SKIN

1

2

3

4

Start by applying a
basecoat of Death Guard
Green to all the flesh areas
of your grot.

Next, mix equal parts
Coelia Greenshade and
Lahmian Medium and
apply as a wash.

Once your wash is dry,
apply a highlight of
Nurgling Green to the
raised areas.

Finally, apply a second
highlight of Krieg Khaki,
being careful to only pick
out the raised detail.


PAGEBREAK
GROT DETAILS

57

For the grot’s eyes,
basecoat with Abaddon
Black and highlight with
Evil Sunz Scarlet.

Basecoat the net Karak
Stone, shade with Agrax
Earthshade, then highlight
with Ushabti Bone.

Basecoat Averland Sunset,
shade details with Agrax
Earthshade, then highlight
Ushabti Bone.

Basecoat hafts Steel Legion
Drab, wash with Agrax
Earthshade, then highlight
with Baneblade Brown.

ARMOUR AND METALS

This yellow metal has been
given a chipped effect
using small marks of
Rhinox Hide.

Basecoat Balthasar Gold,
shade Agrax Earthshade,
highlight Hashut Copper
and then Ironbreaker.

Achieve a rusty effect by
dr ybrushing Ryza Rust in
controlled amounts onto
blades and armour.

To give a verdigris finish
to brass and copper, apply
watered-down Sotek
Green in small patches.

BIG YELLOW BAD MOON

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the bad moon
design with Averland
Sunset, being careful not
to go outside the lines.

Apply a carefully
controlled shade to the
Bad Moon design using
Casandora Yellow.

Once the wash is dry,
apply a highlight of Yriel
Yellow,
leaving the wash in
the recesses.

To finish, apply a highlight
of Ushabti Bone to the
raised areas of detail on
your Bad Moon.

POISON BOTTLES

POISON CLOUDS

PUFFSHROOM

Sotek Green base, Nuln
Oil shade, Temple Guard
Blue then Baharroth
Blue highlights.

Kantor Blue base,
Macragge Blue layer,
Caledor Sky layer, Lothern
Blue glaze.

Naggaroth Night
base, Nuln Oil shade,
Daemonette Hide layer,
Dechala Lilac highlight.

Daemonette Hide base,
Druchii Violet shade,
Warpfiend Grey layer,
Slaanesh Grey highlight.


PAGEBREAK
FUNGI AND STALAGSQUIGS

58

Abaddon Black base,
Kantor Blue layer, Sotek
Green layer, Temple Guard
Blue highlight.

Apply Pallid Wych Flesh
as the basecoat, then apply
a graded shade of Druchii
Violet from the top down.

Khorne Red, Wazdakka
Red then Squig Orange.
Paint dots Rhinox Hide,
then Screaming Skull.

Stormvermin Fur, Agrax
Earthshade, Dawnstone
drybrush, Administratum
Grey highlight.

PATTERNS

Top Tip: When applying
freehand designs and
patterns to your models,
it is always best to paint a
thin, careful guide-line on
first. Only when you are
happy with this outline
should you fill out the
rest of the design with
your chosen colours, thus
achieving a neat finish.

Paint the design Abaddon
Black. Highlight the edge
of the cowl Mechanicus
Standard Grey.

Paint the dags on with
Karak Stone. Apply a
Seraphim Sepia shade,
then highlight with
Ushabti Bone.

Paint a grid onto the hood
in faint lines, then fill in
alternating squares in a
check pattern.

SQUIGS

Drool: Celestra Grey base,
Ulthuan Grey highlight,
then a White Scar
highlight to finish.

Flesh: Khorne Red base,
Wazdakka Red layer,
then finish with a Squig
Orange highlight.

Dark Spines: Basecoat

with Rhinox Hide, then
highlight Gorthor Brown
followed by Karak Stone.

Spines: Ushabti Bone,
Seraphim Sepia shade,
Ushabti Bone layer, Pallid
Wych Flesh highlight.

ROCKGUT TROGGOTHS

Skin: Basecoat Rakar th Flesh, then
shade with Drakenhof Nightshade.
Apply a layer of Rakar th Flesh and
Pallid Wych Flesh highlights.

Scales: Stegadon Scale Green base,
then Nuln Oil shade. Thunderhawk
Blue and Fenrisian Grey layers, then
Blue Horror edge highlight.

Cr ystal: Incubi Darkness basecoat,
Nuln Oil shade, a thin layer of
Kabalite Green, then edge highlights
of Sybarite Green and White Scar.


PAGEBREAK
FELLWATER TROGGOTHS

59

Skin: Castellan Green base,
Biel-Tan Green shade, Elysian
Green layer then finally an Ogr yn
Camo highlight.

Scales: Basecoat with Incubi
Darkness, then highlight with
Kabalite Green followed by a finer
highlight of Ogr yn Camo.

Vomit: Basecoat Balor Brown and
shade with Seraphim Sepia. Apply a
layer of Ushabti Bone, then highlight
with Pallid Wych Flesh.

SPIDERFANG DETAILS

White Feathers: Celestra

Grey base, Nuln Oil shade,
Ulthuan Grey then White
Scar layers.

Green Feathers: Sotek

Green base, Celestra
Grey layer,
then Ulthuan
Grey highlight.

Web: Rakar th Flesh
basecoat, Pallid Wych
Flesh layer,
then White
Scar highlight.

Shield Design: Caliban

Green base, Warpstone
Glow layer,
then Moot
Green highlight.

SPIDER CARAPACES

Averland Sunset has been used to
paint the yellow design over a black
carapace, then highlighted with
Yriel Yellow.

Basecoat Mephiston Red, shade
with Druchii Violet, highlight with
Evil Sunz Scarlet, then apply a final
highlight of Fire Dragon Bright.

Basecoat Abaddon Black, highlight
around the spines with Khorne Red,
then apply a second, finer highlight
of Mephiston Red.

ARACHNAROK SPIDER DETAILS

Eyes: Abaddon Black base, Kantor
Blue layer, Macragge Blue layer,
Caledor Sky layer, White Scar for
fine reflection lines.

In order to give the eyes a glinting,
glossy look, simply apply a layer of
’Ardcoat over them once they are
painted and dry.

Fangs: Rhinox Hide basecoat,
Gorthor Brown highlight, then finish
with a Karak Stone edge highlight to
make them look sharp.


PAGEBREAK
60

ARMIES OF
THE BAD MOON

ARMIES OF
THE BAD MOON

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Gloomspite Gitz miniatures on the battlefields of
the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Gloomspite
Gitz army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book .

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Gloomspite Gitz army (pg 61).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of a
Gloomspite Gitz army if it is a Hero
(pg 62-63).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to Heroes in a
Gloomspite Gitz army (pg 64-65).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to Wizards in a
Gloomspite Gitz army (pg 66-67).

BAD MOON LOONSHRINE

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Bad Moon
Loonshrine (pg 68-69).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Gloomspite Gitz army (pg 70).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Gloomspite Gitz collection in
Path to Glory campaigns (pg 72-77).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Gloomspite Gitz
miniatures. There are three types of
warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Gloomspite Gitz units that
combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 78-83).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is
included here. The rules for using

a Gloomspite Gitz unit, along with
its characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 84-108).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

Endless spell warscrolls for the
unique endless spells that can
be summoned by Gloomspite
Gitz WIZARDS are included here
(pg 109-110).

The rules for playing games with
endless spells can be found in the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core
Book , and in Warhammer Age of
Sigmar : Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 111-112).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Gloomspite Gitz army can include
(pg 112).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

THE BAD MOON RISES

61

THE BAD MOON

The Bad Moon hur tles around the
realms in madcap orbits, showering
them with shards of loonstone.

LIGHT OF THE BAD MOON

The light of the Bad Moon empowers
its worshippers and troubles all
others with insane visions.

Lunar Squigs: If all of the models
in a friendly SQUIG unit are
affected by the light of the Bad
Moon at the start of your charge
phase, that unit can attempt
to charge even if it ran in the
same turn.

Moonclan Fungus Brew : You can

re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks

made by MOONCLAN GROT

models while they are affected by
the light of the Bad Moon.

Spiderfang Venom: While a

SPIDERFANG model is affected
by the light of the Bad Moon, its
Spider Venom ability causes mortal
wounds on an unmodified hit roll
of 5+ instead of 6.

Troggoth Renewal: If all of the

models in a friendly TROGGOTH
unit are affected by the light of
the Bad Moon when it uses its
Regeneration ability, you can re-
roll the dice that determines if the
ability heals any wounds, or you
can double the number of wounds
that are healed by the ability if the
first roll is successful.

The light of the Bad Moon affects
units in the following ways.

Fangz of the Bad Moon: If your

army is a Gloomspite Gitz army,
at the start of your hero phase you
can pick 1 enemy unit and roll a
dice. If the roll is equal to or less
than the number of models in that
unit affected by the light of the
Bad Moon, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Bad Moon Magic: Add 1 to casting

rolls for WIZARDS affected by the
light of the Bad Moon if they have

the GLOOMSPITE GITZ keyword,

and subtract 1 from casting rolls
for WIZARDS affected by the light
of the Bad Moon that do not have

the GLOOMSPITE GITZ keyword.

Loonatic Inspiration: If your

general has the GLOOMSPITE GITZ

keyword and is affected by the
light of the Bad Moon at the start
of your hero phase, you receive 1
extra command point.

If any of the armies in a battle
are Gloomspite Gitz armies, at
the start of the first battle round,
before determining who has the
first turn, the player commanding
the Gloomspite Gitz army must
pick one corner of the battlefield
as the starting location of the
Bad Moon. If both players have
Gloomspite Gitz armies, then they
must roll off and the winner picks
the starting location. The Bad
Moon is located at the edge of the
battlefield in that corner, and its
direction of travel is shown by the
arrow on the map below.

Battle Traits

Starting from the second battle
round, before determining who
has the first turn, the player
commanding the Gloomspite Gitz
army must roll a dice. On a 1 the
Bad Moon does not move. On a 2-5
it makes 1 move. On a 6 it makes
2 moves. Each move takes the Bad
Moon from its current location
along its direction of travel to the
next location shown on the
map (i.e. the next
or
or the
opposite corner of the battlefield).
When a move takes the Bad
Moon to the opposite edge of the
battlefield,
it is removed and has no
further effect on the battle.

The location of the Bad Moon
determines which models are
affected by its light. If the Bad
Moon’s
location is at the edge of
the battlefield,
its light does not
affect any units. If the Bad
Moon’s
location is a
, its light
affects models wholly within the
same quarter of the battlefield as its
location. If the Bad Moon’s
location is a
, its light affects all
models on the battlefield.

BAD MOON ORBIT


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

62

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

BLESSINGS OF THE BAD MOON

LOONBOSS only.

Command Trait

Cunning Plans: This Loonboss is infamous for
his sneaky tricks and underhand tactics.

At the start of the first battle round, you receive
1 additional command point.

Fight Another Day : This warlord has mastered
the ignoble art of striking then running away
before the enemy can hit back.

Each time this general attacks with its melee
weapons,
it can make a 2D6" move after all of its
attacks have been resolved. If it does so, it must
finish the move more than 3" from enemy units.

Sneaky Stabba: This Loonboss aims for his
enemies’ weak spots with unerring accuracy.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by this general.

4

5

6

Tough ’n’ Leather y : Although scrawny,

Loonboss is incredibly difficult to kill.

this

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Dead Shouty : When this Loonboss bellows
commands at his minions, they leap to obey him.

Once per battle round, this general can use a
command ability on their warscroll without a
command point being spent.

The Clammy Hand: This Loonboss is obviously
destined for great things, and can call upon vast
grot hordes.

If this general is within 12" of a Bad Moon
Loonshrine at the start of your hero phase, you
can use the Bad Moon Loonshrine’s
‘Moonclan
Lair’ scenery rule 2 times in that hero phase.

GIFTS OF THE GLOOMSPITE

MOONCLAN WIZARD only.

Command Trait

Low Cunning: This shaman is a dev ious little
so-and-so who always has a sneaky plan or two.

At the start of the first battle round, you receive
1 additional command point.

Spiteful Git: This shaman is so vindictive that
nobody should cross him lightly.

Roll a dice each time a wound or mortal wound
is allocated to this model. On a 4+ the unit that
inflicted the wound or mortal wound suffers
1 mortal wound. On a 6, it suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead.

Great Shaman: This shaman is a gibbering
conduit for raw Gloomspite energy.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore
of the Moonclans (pg 66).

4

5

6

Dodgy Character : This slippery shaman is
surprisingly difficult to hit.

Re-roll successful hit rolls for attacks that target
this general.

Boss Shaman: This shaman issues commands
with all the bullying authority of a Loonboss.

This general has the I’m Da Boss, Now Stab ’Em
Good! command ability from the Loonboss
warscroll (pg 89).

Loon-touched: This shaman’s magical prowess is
boosted by a much greater extent than is normal
by the light of the Bad Moon.

Add 2 to casting rolls for this general when they
are affected by the light of the Bad Moon instead
of 1.


PAGEBREAK
MARKS OF THE SPIDER GOD’S FAVOUR

SCUTTLEBOSS only.

63

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Monstrous Mount: The venom of this

Scuttleboss’ Gigantic Spider is especially deadly,
even for its abominable kind.

Double the number of mortal wounds that are
inflicted by this general’s Spider Venom ability.

Masterful Spider Rider : No rival can match this

Scuttleboss’ command of his arachnid steed.

Add 4" to this general’s Move characteristic.

Ululating Battle Cr y : This Scuttleboss screams a
horrible high-pitched battle cry as he fights.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 9" of
this general.

4

5

6

Tough ’n’ Leather y : Although scrawny,

Scuttleboss is incredibly difficult to kill.

this

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Dead Shouty : When this Scuttleboss bellows
commands at his minions, they leap to obey him.

Once per battle round, this general can use a
command ability on their warscroll without a
command point being spent.

Creeping Assault: This Scuttleboss and his
minions are skilled at using their mounts’ ability
to climb to bypass enemy defences.

Enemy units do not receive the benefit of cover
against attacks made by friendly SPIDERFANG
units while the friendly unit is wholly within 12"
of this general.

FORTUITOUS TROGGBOSS TRAITS

DANKHOLD TROGGOTH HERO only.

Command Trait

Tough as Rocks: This Troggboss is incredibly
tough, even for a troggoth.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Alpha Trogg: This Troggboss gives off waves of
instinctive – if dull-witted – authority.

Troggoth units affected by this general’s
Reassuring Presence ability add 2 to their
Bravery characteristic instead of 1.

Loonskin: This Troggboss’
regenerative powers
are boosted by even the smallest amount of light
from the Bad Moon.

This general counts as being affected by the light
of the Bad Moon wherever it is located, until it
is removed when it reaches the opposite edge of
the battlefield.

4

5

6

Pulverising Grip: This Troggboss has a grip so
power ful that it can crush boulders into dust.

When you use this general’s Crushing Grip
ability, you can re-roll the dice that determines
if the target is slain.

Mighty Blow : A solid blow from this Troggboss’
club can bring down for tress walls.

You can re-roll the dice that determines
the Damage characteristic of this general’s
Boulder Club.

Realmstone-studded Hide: This Troggboss has

hammered chunks of realmstone into his own
skin, which makes him highly resistant
to magic.

When you use this general’s Magical Resistance
ability, you can re-roll the dice that determines
if the spell’s effects are ignored.


PAGEBREAK
64

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts of Power

TROGLODYTIC TREASURES

LOONBOSS only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Spiteful Prodder : This wicked blade channels
the cruelty of nearby grots into arcing blasts of
destructive – if barely controllable – energy.

At the start of your shooting phase, pick 1
enemy unit within 18" of the bearer and visible
to them. Then roll 1 dice for each friendly GROT
unit wholly within 12" of the bearer that has
at least 5 models. For each 5+ that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Backstabber’s Blade: A slitta made from pure

shadow and malice, this blade always finds its
victim’s weak spots.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
that weapon is 6, the save roll for that attack
automatically fails (do not roll the dice).

Loonstone Talisman: This talisman glows with
warning light when danger threatens, and can
soak up sorcerous energies like a sponge.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 5+ that mortal wound
is negated.

4

5

6

The Pipes of Doom: These weird old pipes
resonate on an otherworldly level, and drive
enemies mad with atavistic terror.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
the bearer.

The Clammy Cowl: This enchanted hood
wreathes its wearer in damp gloom, causing
enemies to swing wildly at their blurred
outline and weapons to slip in suddenly
moistened palms.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
the bearer.

Leering Gitshield: The mocking face on this
shield harangues the enemy,
then rebounds their
blows with spiteful
laughter when they strike.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets the bearer is 6,
the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound after
all of its attacks have been resolved.

2

3

D3

1

FOETID FETISHES

MADCAP SHAMAN only.

Artefact of Power

Spiteshroom Familiar : The spores that

billow from this tottering ambulatory fungus
incapacitate nearby enemies.

3

Staff of Sneaky Stealin’: This loonstone staff

siphons away the enemy’s magic and channels it
into its wielder’s
spells instead.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 3" of
the bearer.

2

Moonface Mommet: This creepy little doll can
be used to call down misfor tune on the foe.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 12" of the bearer. Subtract 1 from
save rolls for attacks that target that unit until
the end of the phase.

Add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls for the
bearer for each enemy WIZARD within 12" of
the bearer. In addition, add 1 to casting and
unbinding rolls for the bearer for each enemy
HERO with an artefact of power within 12" of
the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

VENOMOUS VALUABLES

SPIDERFANG HERO only.

65

Artefact of Power

Totem of the Spider God: This crude totem

draws the blessings of the Spider God.

4

Nibbla’s

’ Itty Ring: This crude ring contains the
enraged spirit of a trapped orruk Weirdnob.

While a friendly SPIDERFANG unit is wholly
within 12" of the bearer,
its Spider Venom
ability causes mortal wounds on an unmodified
hit roll of 5+ instead of 6.

Headdress of Many Eyes: The wearer sees his

enemy’s attacks before they are even made.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
the bearer.

The Black Fang: This blade is carved from the
fang of a dreaded Skitterstrand Arachnarok.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts D3 mortal
wounds on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll). If the
weapon already inflicts mortal wounds on a roll
of 6, add D3 to the number of mortal wounds it
inflicts instead.

Once per battle, at the start of a combat phase,
you can pick 1 enemy unit within 3" of the
bearer and roll a dice. On a 1 there is no effect.
On a 2-5 that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. On a 6, that enemy unit suffer D6
mortal wounds.

5

Earskuttla: This arachnid familiar crawls
into the ears of enemy wizards to chew on
their brains.

Once per battle, at the start of a combat phase,
you can pick 1 enemy WIZARD within 3",
and roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy WIZARD
suffers D3 mortal wounds. In addition, for
the rest of the battle, subtract 1 from casting
and unbinding rolls for that WIZARD for each
mortal wound that was inflicted.

6

Web-strung C loak: This w ispy cloak entraps the
enemy in its sticky strands.

Enemy units cannot retreat if they are within 3"
of the bearer.

GLINTY GUBBINZ THAT TROGGOTHS FOUND

DANKHOLD TROGGOTH HERO only.

3

Pet Gribbly : This vicious little critter has
become the troggoth’s beloved pet, and guards
him while he slumbers.

If an enemy unit attacks the bearer in the
combat phase before the bearer has been
selected to fight in that combat phase, then the
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds after all of
its attacks have been resolved.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Shiny Wotnot: This lovely shiny object reflects
magical attacks.

Roll a dice each time a mortal wound caused by
a spell is allocated to this model. On a 6+ the
mortal wound is allocated to the caster of the
spell instead of the bearer. If the mortal wound
was inflicted by an endless spell, on a 6+ the
mortal wound is negated and the endless spell is
dispelled instead.

2

Glowy Howzit: A protective shield of energy
radiates from this strange object. It also tastes
surprisingly tangy…

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to the bearer. On a 4+ that
wound is negated. On a 1, the bearer eats the
Glowy Howzit and it cannot be used again for
the rest of the battle.


PAGEBREAK
66

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each GLOOMSPITE GITZ WIZARD HERO in a
Gloomspite Gitz army.

Spell Lores

LORE OF THE MOONCLANS

MOONCLAN WIZARD only.

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Vindictive Glare: Green bolts of purest spite
burst forth from the shaman’s
eyes and streak
towards the foe.

Vindictive Glare has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
12" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Itchy Nuisance: The shaman scratches his
armpits and inflicts unhygienic discomfor t and
painful chafing upon the foe.

Itchy Nuisance has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. That unit fights
at the end of the next combat phase, after the
players have picked any other units to fight in
that combat phase.

The Great Green Spite: The caster draws on the

spiteful energy of nearby grots to fashion a huge
green backstabbing phantasmagrot.

The Great Green Spite has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly GLOOMSPITE
GITZ unit wholly within 18" of the caster, and an
enemy unit within 24" of the caster and visible
to them. The enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound
if the friendly unit has fewer than 10 models, D3
mortal wounds if the friendly unit has 10 to 20
models, and D6 mortal wounds if it has more
than 20 models.

4

5

6

The Hand of Gork: A ghostly hand picks up a
mob of grots and plonks them back down where
they are most needed.

The Hand of Gork has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly GLOOMSPITE
GITZ unit wholly within 24" of the caster, visible
to them and more than 3" from any enemy
units. Remove that unit from the battlefield and
set it up again anywhere on the battlefield more
than 9" from any enemy units. It may not move
in the subsequent movement phase.

Squig Lure: The shaman conjures a glowing ball
of magical energy resembling the Bad Moon that
squigs cannot help but chase.

Squig Lure has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick up to D3 friendly
SQUIG units wholly within 18" of the
caster and visible to them. Those units can
run and still charge later in the same turn.

Call da Moon: Straining and grimacing, the
shaman wills the Bad Moon to rain shards of
loonstone down onto the battlefield!

Call da Moon has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit visible to
the caster. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
If that unit is wholly affected by the light of
the Bad Moon, you can re-roll the D3 that
determines the number of mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
67

LORE OF THE SPIDERFANGS

SPIDERFANG WIZARD only.

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Deadly Webbing: The shaman gestures towards
a nearby area of terrain, which is suddenly
engulfed in glowing cobwebs.

Deadly Webbing has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 terrain feature within
24" of the caster that is visible to them. Until
your next hero phase, that terrain feature
has the Deadly and Sinister scenery rules in
addition to any other scenery rules it already
has. SPIDERFANG units ignore the effects of
this spell.

Venomous Spiderlings: With a snap of his

fingers the shaman blankets the foe in a swarm of
tiny venomous spiders.

Venomous Spiderlings has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
12" of the caster and visible to them and roll a
number of dice equal to the number of models
in that unit. For each 6+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Scuttling Terrors: The shaman uses his

magical powers to endow nearby spiders with
preternatural
speed.

Scuttling Terrors has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SPIDERFANG
unit wholly within 24" of the caster. That unit
can run and still shoot and/or charge later in the
same turn.

4

5

6

Sneaky Distraction: The shaman’s unnaturally
shrill cries and magical
light show hypnotically
draw the attention of his foes.

Sneaky Distraction has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, until your next hero phase
subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy units while they are wholly within 12" of
the caster.

Curse of da Spider God: The shaman points a

bony finger at a nearby enemy and curses them
in the name of the Spider God.

Curse of da Spider God has a casting value of
7. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
24" of the caster and visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, hit rolls made for attacks by
that unit always fail on an unmodified roll of 1
or 2 instead of only on a 1, and save rolls made
for attacks that target that unit always fail on an
unmodified roll of 1 or 2 instead of only on a 1.

Gift of da Spider God: The shaman uses the

power of the Spider God to fill a nearby creature
with scuttling vitality.

Gift of the Spider God has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SPIDERFANG
MONSTER within 12" of the caster that is visible
to them. You can heal D6 wounds allocated to
that unit.


PAGEBREAK
68

BAD MOON LOONSHRINE

A Gloomspite Gitz army can include

1 BAD MOON LOONSHRINE terrain

feature (see opposite).

Bad Moon Loonshrine

After territories have been chosen
but before armies are set up, you can

set up the BAD MOON LOONSHRINE

wholly within your territory, more
than 12" from enemy territory
and more than 1" from any other
terrain features.

If both players can set up a terrain
feature before armies are set up, they
must roll off, and the winner can
choose the order in which the terrain
features are set up.

‘I t beg ins with strange storms that tear at the sky and fill it with
cloud-tatters like a grotling’s ragged cloak. Up becomes down as
weird forces go to work, and the honest magics of the realms are
set askew. Rivers run backwards, beasts turn endless w iddershin circles
till exhaustion takes them, and swarms of slime-slick insects come
crawling from every cranny and hole.
Then comes the Bad Moon,
looming through the broken clouds. As
its leering face fills the sky, the heavens vanish from sight till all is lit
instead with twilight’s sickly glow. The fungus bursts for th, then, and
the ground shakes and shudders like a sickening beast, or a carcass with
maggots crawling thick beneath its rippling hide.
Out come the grotlings, sure as Elder Bones waits beyond the doors of
death, and as they spill for th, down come the Bad Moon’s
fangs. It spits
’em out by the mouthful and they plummet like rocky rain upon them
doomed lands below.
Smashing and crashing they fall, to the ruin of all beneath them, and
so high do the spores billow up from the craters they blast that the folk
take to callin’
them mushroom clouds. Yet it doesn’t end there.
The grotlings come scurry ing. The grotlings set to carving. Before
long, what fell as a mound of shapeless, glowing rock becomes a ghastly
face. Loonshrines, they call them, but I’d say their name is death itself.
Tunnels there are beneath these horrible graven effigies, and from out
of them the grotlings spew like vomit from a fluxrot victim’s mouth.
Foul fungi pepper the shrines from bottom to top, and they quiver and
shudder in the rancid w inds, spilling clouds of spores that catch in the
eyes and throat, that dig into the flesh and cause terrible changes to
take hold.
The worst, though, is the eyes. Hewn from stone as they are, I tell
you sure as I stand here, those eyes can see. The longer you stare, the
more they stare back, and as the loonlight shines within ’em and the
shuddering circles roll and tw ist in their depths, oh then you feel your
mind begin to leak away into the dark and dank where it’ ll wander
lost for evermore. Hear me in this if nothing else – don’t go near
the Loonshrines!’

- From the ravings of Vincente Falandri,
inmate of the Grand Asylum of Hammerhal Ghyra


PAGEBREAK
69

SCENERY WARSCROLL

BAD MOON LOONSHRINE

Where the Fangz of the Bad Moon fall, they smash down upon the landscape causing untold devastation. Then
come the Gloomspite hordes, creeping from below to hew these loonstone outcroppings into grotesque shrine-
lairs that soon become encrusted with fungi and imbued with the sinister energies of their progenitor rock.

DESCRIPTION

A Bad Moon Loonshrine is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Loonatic Courage: Larger loonstone

meteorites are hacked painstakingly into
crude but surprisingly lifelike effigies of
the Bad Moon. Their boggle-eyed glare
inspires fanatical courage in the Bad Moon’s
myriad servants.

GLOOMSPITE GITZ units wholly within
12" of this terrain feature do not take
battleshock tests.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, BAD MOON LOONSHRINE

Moonclan Lairs: Moonclan Grots dig
tunnels to nearby Loonshrines. In battle,
reinforcements emerge from these echoing
subterranean passages.

At the end of each of your turns, you can pick
1 friendly STABBAS or SHOOTAS unit that
has been destroyed. If you do so, roll a dice.
On a 4+ a new replacement unit with half of
the models from the unit that was destroyed
(rounding fractions up) is added to your
army. You must set up the replacement unit
wholly within 12" of a friendly BAD MOON
LOONSHRINE , and more than 3" from any
enemy units. Each destroyed unit can only
be replaced once – replacement units cannot
themselves be replaced.


PAGEBREAK
70

AN UNFORTUNATE LOCATION

BATTLEPLAN

Battleplan: An Unfortunate Location

Use the Siege Warfare rules from
pages 294-295 of the Warhammer

DEFENDER’S
COMMAND ABILITY

SIEGE WARFARE

Age of Sigmar Core Book .

When the Bad Moon appears in
the skies, it beckons forth the
Gloomspite Gitz from the dank,
hidden places that are usually
their lairs. Emerging, blinking,
into the Bad Moon’s light, they
follow it wherever it leads them.
The inhabitants of any settlement
that lies beneath the path of the
Bad Moon must defend its walls
and do their best to turn aside the
Gloomspite hordes. Should they
fail, the worshippers of the Bad
Moon w i l l overrun the settlement,
leaving nothing but burning and
fungus-riddled ruins in their wake.

This battleplan recreates the
desperate plight of the defenders
of a settlement that finds itself
under the light of the Bad Moon,
with a Gloomspite horde gathering
outside the gates…

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules and the
Siege Warfare rules. The Attacker
must use a Gloomspite Gitz army.
The Attacker cannot include a Bad
Moon Loonshrine in their army. The
Attacker’s opponent is the Defender.

Each army has a unique command
ability, as follows.

ATTACKER’S
COMMAND ABILITY

Burn It Down!: Gloomspite hordes
rarely leave any buildings standing.

You can use this command ability
in your hero phase. If you do so, you
can pick 1 friendly GLOOMSPITE
GITZ HERO, and then you can pick
up to D6 terrain features that are
within 12" of that HERO and within

3" of a friendly GLOOMSPITE GITZ

unit with 5 or more models. For
the rest of the battle, those terrain
features have the Deadly scenery rule
in addition to any scenery rules they
already have.

Make Haste, Make Haste!: The

commanders of the defending army
exhor t newly arriving reinforcements
to move as swiftly as possible.

You can use this command ability
after setting up a hastily gathered
reinforcement unit (see Set-up and
To The Walls, below) that is wholly
within 12" of a friendly HERO. If
you do so, that unit can make a
normal move.

SET-UP

The territories for both armies are
shown on the map below. The players
then set up scenery as described in
The Stronghold section of the Siege
Warfare rules.

The armies can now be set up.
The Defender must set up their
army first. The Defender’s army
is split into two contingents: the


PAGEBREAK
71

GLORIOUS VICTORY

This battle is fought for control of
an objective located in the corner of
the Defender’s territory, as shown on
the map.

The battle ends at the end of the fifth
battle round. The player that controls
the objective at the end of the battle
wins a major victory. If neither
player controls the objective at the
end of the battle, the Defender wins

a minor victory.

beleaguered garrison and the hastily
gathered reinforcements. There
must be at least one hastily gathered
reinforcement unit for each unit
that is included in the beleaguered
garrison (the army’s general
must be included in the hastily
gathered reinforcements).

At the start of the battle, the
Defender can only set up units from
their beleaguered garrison – hastily
gathered reinforcements wi l l arrive
during the battle (see To The Walls!,
below). The Defender’s units must
be set up anywhere wholly within
their territory.

The Attacker sets up their army
second. The Attacker’s units must be
set up wholly within their territory.
The Bad Moon’s
starting location
must be the bottom-left corner of the
battlefield, as shown on the map.

TO THE WALLS!
The Gloomspite hordes have arrived
with terrify ing suddenness, and at
first there are only a small number
of defenders available to resist them.
However, as the battle rages on, more
and more reinforcements arrive to
help hold back the invaders.

Starting from the second battle
round, the Defender must roll a dice
at the end of their movement phase
for each of their hastily gathered
reinforcement units. On a roll of 5 or
6, the unit arrives on the battlefield.

All of the models in a reinforcement
unit that arrives must be set up
within 6" of the table edge, wholly
within the Defender’s territory and
more than 9" from any enemy units.
Set up the unit before rolling to see if
the next reinforcement unit arrives.


PAGEBREAK
72

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

PATH TO GLORY

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the

warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
warband with the Gloomspite Gitz
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can
be chosen from the followers
tables for your allegiance. If your
allegiance has more than one
followers table you can freely
choose which ones you use,
selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate
and roll on the followers tables
instead. To make a followers roll,
pick a column from one of the
followers tables and then roll
a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

5. Instead of generating 1 unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or 1 of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.
No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must
be those on your roster. Units can
either be fielded at their fu l l roster
strength, or broken down into
smaller units, as long as no unit
is smaller than the minimum size
shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!


PAGEBREAK
73

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your

own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Gloomspite Gitz Warband Tables

74

GLOOMSPITE GITZ WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Followers

Webspinner Shaman on
Arachnarok Spider

2 units

Dankhold Troggboss

2 units

Fungoid Cave-Shaman

4 units

Madcap Shaman

4 units

Loonboss

4 units

Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig

4 units

Loonboss on Mangler Squigs

2 units

Loonboss with Giant Cave Squig

4 units

Webspinner Shaman

4 units

Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

4 units

Zarbag*

3 units

* You receive Zarbag’s Gitz in addition to Zarbag.
Zarbag is the warband’s
champion, and Zarbag’s Gitz
is a followers unit.

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Moonclan Followers

Squig Followers

Spiderfang Followers

1

10 Sneaky Snufflers

5 Boingrot Bounderz

5 Spider Riders

2-3

15 Shootas

5 Squig Hoppers

5 Spider Riders

4-6

15 Stabbas

10 Cave Squigs & 2 Squig Herders

5 Spider Riders

FANATICS FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1-3

Loonsmasha Fanatics*

4-6

Sporesplatta Fanatics*

* Cannot be given followers rewards.

GOBBAPALOOZA FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1-6

Pick three different models from the
following list: Scaremonger, Brewgit, Spiker,
Boggleye, Shroomancer.

TROGGOTH FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

Followers

1-2

1 Dankhold Troggoth

3-4

3 Fellwater Troggoths

5-6

3 Rockgut Troggoths

ARACHNAROK FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

Followers

1-2

Arachnarok Spider with Flinger

3-4

Arachnarok Spider with Spiderfang Warparty

5-6

Skitterstrand Arachnarok

BIG STUFF FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

Followers

1-3

Mangler Squigs

4-6

Aleguzzler Giant

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Moonclan Heroes

Spiderfang Heroes

1-2

Loonboss

Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

3

Madcap Shaman

Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

4

Loonboss with Giant Cave Squig

Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

5

Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig

Webspinner Shaman

6

Fungoid Cave-Shaman

Webspinner Shaman


PAGEBREAK
75

RETINUE, GOBBAPALOOZA AND HERO FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Protection of the Bad Moon: These grots call

on the Bad Moon to shield them from harm, and
their manic prayers are answered!

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
you can say that this unit is calling upon the
Bad Moon for protection. If you do so, you can
re-roll save rolls for attacks that target this unit
until your next hero phase.

Special Fungus Brew : These followers have

secured a supply of special
fungus brew that
drives them into a fighting frenzy!

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
you can say that this unit wi l l drink its special
fungus brew. If you do so, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used by this
unit until your next hero phase.

Sneaky Gitz: These diminutive but cunning
warriors are exper ts at sneaking up on an
unwary foe.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is set
up sneaking up on the enemy as a reserve unit.
If you do so, at the end of your first movement
phase you must set up this unit on the battlefield
more than 9" from any enemy units.

4

5

6

Get ’Em Lads!: These warriors are full of the
froth-jawed madness of the Gloomspite, and will
do everything they can to drag down their foes.

Add 1" to the Range characteristic of melee
weapons used by this unit.

Vengeful Schemers: These hate-filled

backstabbers come up with evil schemes to help
them prevail against their foes.

At the start of the first battle round, pick a
warscroll. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by this unit that target an enemy unit that uses
that warscroll.

Bully Boyz: These grots have fought in and
survived more than their fair share of fights, and
have learned how to put their malice to best use
shanking their enemies while staying clear of
return blows.

Once per turn, you can re-roll 1 hit roll or 1
wound roll for an attack made by this unit, or 1
save roll for an attack that targets this unit.


PAGEBREAK
76

2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Badly Beaten: Your champion ended up in a
fight that he couldn’t win through cunning and
trickery, and has been grievously wounded.

9

Bad Moon Weapon: Your champion has a melee
weapon crafted from a shard of loonstone, which
glows with sickly yellow light.

Pick one of your champion’s melee weapons and
note it down on your warband roster as being
made from a Bad Moon fragment. Add 1 to that
weapon’s Damage characteristic.

10

Morkish Cunning: Your champion is very
canny, and almost always comes up with a
battleplan that will help defeat the foe.

If your champion is on the battlefield at the start
of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 4+, you
receive 1 extra command point.

11

Loonstruck: Your champion has spent too long
under the light of the Bad Moon and is now
constantly under its influence.

Your champion is always treated as being
affected by the light of the Bad Moon (pg 61).

12

Savage Underhand Blow : Your champion

has become practised at waiting for the per fect
moment to deliver a brutal killing strike.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can say your champion is attempting a
savage underhand blow instead of fighting in
that combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy
model within 1" of your champion and roll a
dice. On a 4 or 5, the target model’s unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. On a 6, the target model
is slain.

You lose 1 Glory Point. In addition, subtract 1
from your champion’s Wounds characteristic
for the remainder of the campaign.

Razor-edged Blade: Your champion hones

the edge of his favourite weapon so that it is
wickedly sharp.

Pick 1 of your champion’s melee weapons and
note it down on your warband roster as having a
razor-edge. Improve the Rend characteristic of
that weapon by 1.

Can’t Catch Me!: Your champion is incredibly
swift-footed and almost impossible to catch.

Add 2" to your champion’s Move characteristic.
Add a further 4" to the distance they can move
when they retreat.

Sinewy Toughness: Although scrawny, your
champion is incredibly hard to kill.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of
your champion.

Cowardly Git: Your champion is deathly afraid
of being hurt, and is not above using his followers
to shield himself
from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to your champion while they are
within 3" of a friendly unit. On a 4+, that wound
or mortal wound is negated, but you must pick
1 friendly unit within 3" of your champion and
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Dirty Fighter : Your champion will use any trick
they can think of to get the upper hand in a fight.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by
your champion.

Nimble: Your champion is so swift that foes find
them hard to hit.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
your champion.


PAGEBREAK
77

TROGGOTH, ARACHNAROK AND BIG STUFF FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Living Avalanche: These brutes wield their great
mass to terrify ing effect, crashing into the foe
with the unstoppable force of tumbling boulders.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
by this unit if it made a charge move in the
same turn.

Greedy Gobblers: Driven by an insatiable need
to guzzle warm meat , these creatures attack with
a hungry-eyed focus that is horrible to w itness.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this unit.

Hardy Breed: These thick-skinned monsters are
amongst the most resilient of their foul kind.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of this unit.

4

5

6

Terrifying: The blind ferocity of these massive
warriors make them terrify ing opponents.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units within 3" of this unit.

Destruction Unleashed: These volatile beasts

do not stop smashing their foes until they are
reduced to unrecognisable pulp.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by a model from this
unit is 6, that attack inflicts 2 hits on the target
instead of 1. Make a wound and save roll for
each hit.

Loongrimm: The hides of these monsters glow
with the absorbed light of the Bad Moon,
its
weird blessings always upon them.

Once per turn, you can re-roll 1 hit roll or 1
wound roll for an attack made by this unit, or 1
save roll for an attack that targets this unit.


PAGEBREAK
78

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Gloomspite Gitz warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
January 2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or
no publication date.

Moonclan Skrap

MOONCLAN SKRAP

WARSCROLL BATTALION

A Moonclan Skrap consists of every single Moonclan Grot that could be rousted, bullied or lured out of their
lurk lair and shoved hastily into some semblance of battle order. Any reluctance for the upcoming fight that this
greenskin horde might possess is swiftly eclipsed as the Bad Moon rises and the Gloomspite seizes hold of them.

ORGANISATION

A Moonclan Skrap consists
of the following units and
warscroll battalions:

• 1-3 LOONBOSSES

• 1-3 units of Sneaky Snufflers

• 0-2 Squig Herd units

• 1+ Skulkmob Hordes

• 0-1 MOONCLAN WIZARD HERO

• 0-3 Squig Rider Stampedes

• 0-1 Gobbapalooza

ABILITIES

Spreading Loonacy : When

Moonclan Grots gather into a Skrap,
the energies of the Gloomspite surge
through them like a tide and send
them frothing mad.

Do not take battleshock tests for
units from this battalion while
they are affected by the light of the
Bad Moon.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

GOBBAPALOOZA

79

ORGANISATION

A Gobbapalooza consists of the following units:

Gobbapalooza

• 1 Scaremonger

• 1 Brewgit

• 1 Spiker

• 1 Boggleye

• 1 Shroomancer

ABILITIES
Brew-fuelled Madness: When a Gobbapalooza gathers
together,
the grots strive to outdo one another to prove
they have the most ‘know-wotz’ out of all the assembled
wise-grots. With the psychotropic fungus brew flowing,
the resultant displays of inebriated one-upmanship can
prove disastrous for the foe.

Add 1 to casting and Gobbapalooza Know-wotz rolls for
a model from this battalion while that model is within 8"
of any other models from the same battalion.

Skulkmob Horde

SKULKMOB HORDE

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ABILITIES
Endless Hordes: Moonclan Grots are emboldened in
large numbers, and tides of reinforcements are more
likely to flow into battle if the fight is already going in
their favour.

Once per battle, when you use a Bad Moon Loonshrine’s
Moonclan Lair ability to successfully replace a destroyed
unit from this battalion, the replacement unit has all
of the models from the destroyed unit instead of half
the models.

ORGANISATION

A Skulkmob Horde consists of the following units:

• 3+ units of Stabbas or Shootas in any combination

• 3 units of Loonsmasha Fanatics or Sporesplatta
Fanatics in any combination

Squig Rider Stampede

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SQUIG RIDER STAMPEDE

ORGANISATION

A Squig Rider Stampede consists of the
following units:

• 2-3 units of Squig Hoppers or Boingrot Bounderz in
any combination

• 0-1 Mangler Squigs

ABILITIES
Madcap Momentum: When squigs and their riders
gather into an onrushing stampede they generate greater
momentum, rebounding off of one another and snapping
at each other’s heels in a frantic, slobbering mass.

You can re-roll the roll that determines the Move
characteristic of units from this battalion.


PAGEBREAK
80

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SPIDERFANG STALKTRIBE

A Spiderfang Stalktribe is led into battle by the capering Webspinner Shamans that interpret the Spider God’s w i l l
and rain its arachnid blessings down upon its scuttling worshippers. It is inevitably built around a towering brood
of Arachnarok Spiders, which lead the gangle-legged charge out of the shadows.

ABILITIES
Power of the Spider God: The shaman that leads a Spider fang stalktribe can
draw upon his god’s power to protect any of its followers that are nearby.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target a unit from this battalion
while the target unit is wholly within 24" of a SPIDERFANG WIZARD from
the same battalion.

ORGANISATION

Spiderfang Stalktribe

A Spiderfang Stalktribe consists
of the following units and
warscroll battalions:

• 1 Webspinner Shaman on
Arachnarok Spider or 1
Webspinner Shaman

• 0-2 Webspinner Shamans

• 1-2 Arachnarok Spider Clusters

• 1+ Spider Rider Skitterswarms

• 0-1 Skitterstrand Nest


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

ARACHNAROK SPIDER CLUSTER

81

ORGANISATION

Arachnarok Spider Cluster

An Arachnarok Spider Cluster consists of the
following units:

• 2-4 Arachnarok Spiders with Flingers or Spiderfang
Warparties in any combination

• 0-1 Skitterstrand Arachnaroks

ABILITIES
Hunting Brood When they stalk their victims as a closely
coordinated pack, Arachnarok Spiders herd their prey
into one another’s clutches and thus become even deadlier
foes to face.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by a model
from this battalion while it is within 6" of another model
from the same battalion.

Spider Rider Skitterswarm

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SPIDER RIDER SKITTERSWARM

ORGANISATION

A Spider Rider Skitterswarm consists of the
following units:

• 0-1 Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

• 3+ units of Spider Riders

Skitterstrand Nest

ABILITIES

Outriders of the Spider God: The mounts used by the

skittermobs in a skitterswarm have been carefully selected
and bred to be the fastest of their kind.

Add 2" to the Move characteristic of units from
this battalion.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SKITTERSTRAND NEST

ORGANISATION

A Skitterstrand Nest consists of the following units:

• 2-3 Skitterstrand Arachnaroks

ABILITIES
Burst from the Beyond: When a Skitterstrand Nest hunts
as one, they cram themselves through their web-spun
Realmgates in a grotesque mass and burst forth on their
prey with frenzied speed and hunger.

Add 1 to charge rolls for models from this battalion for
each model from this battalion that was set up in the
same turn.


PAGEBREAK
82

WARSCROLL BATTALION

TROGGHERD

Troggherd

A Troggherd could be likened to a slow-moving avalanche, which starts with a lone Dankhold Troggboss setting
off to points unknown and ends with a lumbering mass of violently stupid and single-minded monsters smashing
their way through ever ything in their path.

ORGANISATION

A Troggherd consists of the
following units:

• 1 Dankhold Troggboss

• 3-9 units of Dankhold
Troggoths, Fellwater Troggoths
or Rockgut Troggoths in
any combination

• 0-2 Aleguzzler Gargants

ABILITIES

Eat on the Move: Too dim to think

about stopping for a snack, but
always hungry,
troggoths snatch up
screaming victims and stuff them
into their maws even as they lumber
across the battlefield.

If the unmodified wound roll
for an attack made with a melee
weapon used by a model from this
battalion is 6, add 1 to the Damage
characteristic for that attack.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

SQUIGALANCHE

83

Squigalanche

The grots of a Squigalanche range nomadically across the Mortal Realms in search of the Bad Moon. Some seek to
catch up to it and sink their mounts’ fangs into its rocky hide, others to bound clean over it or stop it in its tracks
just to prove they can. Whatever their goal, anything that gets between them and the Bad Moon is sure to suffer.

ABILITIES
Over Da Moon: Squigalanches chase the Bad Moon, each rider intent on being
the first to take a chunk out of it or to jump over it.

If the light of the Bad Moon affects a unit from this battalion at the start of a
combat phase, that unit is eligible to fight in the combat phase if it is within 6"
of an enemy unit instead of 3", and can move an extra 3" when it piles in.

ORGANISATION

A Squigalanche consists of the
following units:

• 1 Loonboss on Mangler
Squigs or 1 Loonboss on Giant
Cave Squig

• 0-3 Loonbosses on Giant
Cave Squigs

• 1+ Squig Rider Stampedes

• 1-3 Mangler Squigs

• 0-2 Squig Herd units


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

84

6

4"

6

5+

SKRAGROTT, THE LOONKING

Skragrott is the self-styled Loonking, the master of all subterranean grots and herald
of the Everdank. His sinister presence upon the field of battle ensures the Gloomspite
Gitz fight with greater spite and cunning than ever.

Skragrott, the Loonking

Da Moon Onna Stikk

MISSILE WEAPONS

Attacks

To Hit

Range

28"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

MELEE WEAPONS

Da Moon Onna Stikk

2"

6

4

3+

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Damage

1

COMMAND ABILITIES

The Loonking’s Entreaty : The captive seers

and prophets of Skragrott’s asylum can sometimes
predict when the Bad Moon will accelerate or
slow in its erratic orbits of the Mortal Realms.
Skragrott uses this information to convince his
followers that the Bad Moon listens when he
entreats it to halt or move to a specific location.

You can use this command ability once per
battle if this model is your general and on the
battlefield, before you roll the dice to determine
how far the Bad Moon moves that battle round.
If you do so, you can choose for the Bad Moon
to either not move that battle round, or to make
1 move or 2 moves that battle round (do not roll
the dice to determine how far it moves).

DESCRIPTION

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Nikkit! Nikkit! spells.

Nikkit! Nikkit!: The shaman conjures a pair
of great green hands, one of which binds an
enemy in a vice-like grip, whilst the other rifles
through their possessions in search of anything
worth stealing.

Nikkit! Nikkit! has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy model within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. The unit that
model belongs to suffers D3 mortal wounds. In
addition, if that model has an artefact of power
and the casting roll was 10+, that model’s artefact
of power can no longer be used (if it was used
to enhance a weapon, that weapon reverts to its
normal form).

Skragrott, the Loonking is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with Da Moon
Onna St ikk.

ABILITIES

Babbling Wand: This jabbering wand, topped
with the skull of the great prophet Kaloth,
channels the voices of Skragrott’s
imprisoned
scryers through clacking teeth.

If this model is your general and is on the
battlefield at the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice. On a 4+ you receive D3 extra
command points.

Da Moon Onna Stikk: This magical weapon

inflicts a horrible curse that slowly turns the
victim’s flesh into fungus.

If any wounds inflicted by Da Moon Onna
Stikk are allocated to an enemy model and not
negated, that enemy model suffers 1 mortal
wound at the end of each battle round (even if
the wounds inflicted by Da Moon Onna Stikk are
subsequently healed).

Loonking’s Crown: Fungal roots burrow down
from this crown into the wearer’s
skull,
imbuing
them with heightened magical powers and
unnatural resilience.

Add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls for this
model. In addition, roll a dice each time a wound
or mortal wound is allocated to this model. On a
4+ that wound or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, WIZARD, LOONBOSS, SKRAGROTT


PAGEBREAK
4

5"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

SCAREMONGER

85

The Scaremonger capers and hoots from behind his terrify ing Glareface mask. Riding
upon the grot-borne skull of a Cave Squig representing the immolated godbeast
Boingob, he puts the fear of the Moonclan bogeyman into the Gloomspite hordes.

Scaremonger

Boingob’s Tusks and Fangs

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Bogeyman: The Scaremonger generates palpable
waves of fear that scare nearby grots into fighting
with renewed vigour.

In your hero phase, you can make a
Gobbapalooza Know-wotz roll for this model.
If you do so, roll a dice. On a 3+ pick 1 friendly
MOONCLAN GROT unit wholly within 18" of
this model that is visible to them. You can re-roll
charge rolls and run rolls for that unit until your
next hero phase.

Slippery Git: Gobbapalooza shamans seek to put
as many of their fellow grots between themselves
and incoming enemy fire as possible.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model while it is
within 3" of a friendly MOONCLAN unit with 3
or more models.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, GOBBAPALOOZA, SCAREMONGER

DESCRIPTION

A Scaremonger is a single model armed with
Boingob’s Tusks and Fangs.

ABILITIES

Hallucinogenic Fungus Brews: Gobbapalooza

shamans drink long draughts of hallucinogenic
fungus brew before the battle begins, making them
almost imperv ious to pain. However, as the battle
progresses the effects star t to wear off.

In the first battle round, add 2 to save rolls for
attacks that target this model. In the second
battle round, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target this model.

Brewgit

3

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

BREWGIT

Spigots dripping, the Brewgit capers into battle with weird fungus potions bubbling
in his loonshine still. He drives quick and bonkers bargains mid-battle, peddling his
most potent might-enhancing brews to those grot heroes that can afford them.

MELEE WEAPONS

Concealed Stikka

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Brewgit is a single model armed with a
concealed st ikka .

ABILITIES

Hallucinogenic Fungus Brews: Gobbapalooza

shamans drink long draughts of hallucinogenic
fungus brew before the battle begins, making them
almost imperv ious to pain. However, as the battle
progresses the effects star t to wear off.

In the first battle round, add 2 to save rolls for
attacks that target this model. In the second
battle round, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target this model.

Loonshine Potion: The Brewgit cranks one
of the spigots on his loonshine still and siphons
off a bottle full of magical potion to sell to the
highest bidder.

In your hero phase, you can make a
Gobbapalooza Know-wotz roll for this model.
If you do so, roll a dice. On a 3+ pick 1 friendly

MOONCLAN GROT HERO within 18" of this

model that is visible to them. You can re-roll hit
rolls for that HERO until your next hero phase.

Slippery Git: Gobbapalooza shamans seek to put
as many of their fellow grots between themselves
and incoming enemy fire as possible.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model while it is
within 3" of a friendly MOONCLAN unit with 3
or more models.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, GOBBAPALOOZA, BREWGIT


PAGEBREAK
86

3

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

SPIKER

Spiker

Spikers scuttle into battle with a basket of clink ing poison-bottles lashed to their
backs. They hand out liberal doses of horrible venoms to any who wish to tip their
blades, saving the nastiest for the barbs of their scorpisquig stikkas.

MELEE WEAPONS

Scorpisquig Stikka

Range

2"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Spiker is a single model armed with a
Scorpisquig St ikka .

ABILITIES

Hallucinogenic Fungus Brews: Gobbapalooza

shamans drink long draughts of hallucinogenic
fungus brew before the battle begins, making them
almost imperv ious to pain. However, as the battle
progresses the effects star t to wear off.

In the first battle round, add 2 to save rolls for
attacks that target this model. In the second
battle round, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target this model.

Poison Brewer : The Spiker grabs bottled
poisons from his back-basket and makes a
show of anointing nearby grots’ weapons with
them, chanting mumbo-jumbo spells to render
them ‘extra-nasty’.

In your hero phase, you can make a
Gobbapalooza Know-wotz roll for this model.
If you do so, roll a dice. On a 3+ pick 1 friendly
MOONCLAN GROT unit wholly within 18" of
this model that is visible to them. You can re-roll
wound rolls of 1 for that unit until your next
hero phase.

Slippery Git: Gobbapalooza shamans seek to put
as many of their fellow grots between themselves
and incoming enemy fire as possible.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model while it is
within 3" of a friendly MOONCLAN unit with 3
or more models.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, GOBBAPALOOZA, SPIKER

3

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

BOGGLEYE

Boggleye

Boggleyes stare deep into the souls of all those around them, chanting hypnotic
mantras and revolving their pupils in an unlikely and hypnotic fashion. Their victims
are swiftly reduced to slack-jawed puppets who obey the Boggleye’s every command.

MELEE WEAPONS

Mesmerising Staff

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Boggleye is a single model armed with a
Mesmerising Staff.

ABILITIES

Hallucinogenic Fungus Brews: Gobbapalooza

shamans drink long draughts of hallucinogenic
fungus brew before the battle begins, making them
almost imperv ious to pain. However, as the battle
progresses the effects star t to wear off.

In the first battle round, add 2 to save rolls for
attacks that target this model. In the second
battle round, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target this model.

Slippery Git: Gobbapalooza shamans seek to put
as many of their fellow grots between themselves
and incoming enemy fire as possible.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model while it is
within 3" of a friendly MOONCLAN unit with 3
or more models.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Mesmerise spell.

Mesmerise: The Boggleye looks deep into the eyes
of his v ictims. Friendly warriors are convinced to
stand firm against whatever foe they face, while
enemies are turned into slow-witted imbeciles.

Mesmerise has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 unit wholly within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. If that unit
is a friendly unit, it does not take battleshock
tests until your next hero phase. If that unit is an
enemy unit, until your next hero phase that unit
fights at the end of each combat phase, after the
players have picked any other units to fight.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, GOBBAPALOOZA, WIZARD, BOGGLEYE


PAGEBREAK
4

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

SHROOMANCER

87

Shroomancer

Shroomancers experience such vivid fungus-brew hallucinations that their magics
spill out to animate the fungi around them and bring their visions to life. This can
have deeply unpleasant effects for anyone stood too close!

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon Staff and Jaggedy Knife

Range

2"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Shroomancer is a single model armed with a
Moon Staff and Jaggedy Knife.

ABILITIES

Hallucinogenic Fungus Brews: Gobbapalooza

shamans drink long draughts of hallucinogenic
fungus brew before the battle begins, making them
almost imperv ious to pain. However, as the battle
progresses the effects star t to wear off.

In the first battle round, add 2 to save rolls for
attacks that target this model. In the second
battle round, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target this model.

Slippery Git: Gobbapalooza shamans seek to put
as many of their fellow grots between themselves
and incoming enemy fire as possible.

Fungoid Cloud: The Shroomancer stamps
upon the bloatstool he rides, releasing a cloud of
magical spores that engulfs the enemy.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model while it is
within 3" of a friendly MOONCLAN unit with 3
or more models.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Fungoid Cloud spell.

Fungoid Cloud has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 8" of
the caster that is visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit, and subtract 1 from save rolls
for attacks that target that unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, GOBBAPALOOZA, WIZARD, SHROOMANCER

WARSCROLL

4

5"

4

6+

FUNGOID CAVE-SHAMAN

Fungoid Cave-Shaman

Gibbering priests of Gorkamorka and speakers of the w i l l of the Bad Moon, Fungoid
Cave-Shamans are as much mushroom as magic-wielder. Their cunning and spellcraft
are infamous, and their spore squigs wreath them in a fug of choking fungal foulness.

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon-sick le
Spore Squig’s Vicious Teeth

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
2

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Fungoid Cave-Shaman is a single model armed
with a Moon-sickle.

COMPANION: A Fungoid Cave-Shaman is
accompanied by a Spore Squig that attacks with
its Vicious Teeth. For rules purposes, it is treated
in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Mouthpiece of Mork: The v isionary Fungoid
Cave-Shamans have a knack for coming up with
cunnin’ plans.

If this model is on the battlefield at the start of
your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 4+ you receive
1 extra command point.

Deffcap Mushroom: These mushrooms enhance
the eater’s magical capabilities.

Once per battle, this model can attempt
extra spell in your hero phase.

to cast 1

Spore Squig: Spore squigs exude thick green
spores that hide their masters from sight.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 4+ the wound
or mortal wound is negated.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Spore
Maws spells.

Spore Maws: The Cave-Shaman causes the thick
spores around him to coalesce into gnashing
green mouths.

Spore Maws has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, each enemy unit within D6" of
the caster suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, WIZARD, FUNGOID CAVE-SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
88

12

4+

10

WARSCROLL

LOONBOSS

ON MANGLER SQUIGS

Loonboss on Mangler Squigs

It takes a particularly deranged loon to lead the charge clinging onto a pair of Mangler
Squigs, but this Loonboss – along with some of his most bonkers cronies – is only too
eager to go bounding into battle, crushing all in his path.

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon-cutta
Huge Fang-filled Gobs
Balls and Chains
Grots’ Bashin’ Stikks

Range

1"
2"
2"
1"

Attacks

5
4

4

To Hit

3+

3+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-
-1
-2
-

Damage

1
D6
D3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

3D6"
2D6"
D6"
2D6"
3D6"

Huge Fang-filled Gobs

3+
4+
5+
4+
3+

Balls and Chains

7
6
5
6
7

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Loonboss on Mangler Squigs is a single model
armed with a Moon-cutta.

MOUNT: This model’s Mangler Squigs attack
with their Huge Fang-filled Gobs and Balls
and Chains.

CREW: This model’s Mangler Squigs have a grot
crew that attack with their Bashin’ St ikks. For
rules purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

FLY: This model can fly.

Ker-splat!: Mangler Squigs produce an impact
that is nothing short of spectacular,
sending
severed body par ts and splashes of gore skywards.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Balls and Chains if this model made a
charge move in the same turn.

Redcap Mushrooms: A grot that eats a redcap
mushroom turns into a crazed killer.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can say
that this model is eating a redcap mushroom. If
you do so, until your next hero phase, you can
re-roll hit and wound rolls for this model (but
not for the model’s mount or crew).

Watch Out!: Mangler Squigs are capable of
great destruction even in their wildly bouncing
death throes.

If this model is slain, before the model is
removed from play roll a dice for each unit
within 6" of this model. On a 4+ that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Bite Da Moon!: A Mangler Squig Loonboss can
inspire other squig riders and their mounts to fight
all the harder, crashing through the enemy so they
can continue their pursuit of the Bad Moon.

You can use this command ability at the start
of a combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model with this command ability. In that combat
phase you can add 1 to wound rolls for friendly
SQUIG units while they are wholly within 18" of
that model.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, MONSTER, HERO, LOONBOSS,
MANGLER SQUIG


PAGEBREAK
5

5"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

LOONBOSS

89

Loonboss

A Loonboss never fights fair, ducking and weaving around his enemies and hurling
mobs of cack ling grots at them to wear them down, before finishing them off with a
blade to the throat or between the shoulder blades.

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon-slicer

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Loonboss is a single model armed with
a Moon-slicer.

ABILITIES

Dead Tricksy : Loonbosses are masters at using
cunning and tricks in order to surv ive.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this model.

COMMAND ABILITIES

I’m Da Boss, Now Stab ’Em Good!:

Loonbosses prefer to make their minions do all
the fighting.

You can use this command ability at the start
of a combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
MOONCLAN GROT unit wholly within 12" of
a model with this command ability, or wholly
within 24" of a model with this command ability
that is your general. If the unmodified wound
roll for an attack made by that unit in that phase
is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the
target in addition to any normal damage. The
same unit cannot be picked to be affected by this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, LOONBOSS

WARSCROLL

6

5"

5

5+

LOONBOSS

WITH GIANT CAVE SQUIG

Loonboss with Giant Cave Squig

Some particularly forceful and bullying Loonbosses are able to tame – in the loosest
sense of the word – Giant Cave Squigs and bring them into battle as terrify ing pets
that are more than capable of biting a man in two.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Moon-prodder

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon-prodder
Massive Fang-filled Gob

Range

14"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

D6

Attacks

4
4

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Loonboss with Giant Cave Squig is a single
model armed with a Moon-prodder.

Dead Tricksy : Loonbosses are masters at using
cunning and tricks in order to surv ive.

COMPANION : A Loonboss with Giant Cave
Squig is accompanied by a Giant Cave Squig that
attacks with its Massive Fang-filled Gob. For
rules purposes, it is treated in the same manner
as a mount.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this model.

COMMAND ABILITIES

I’m Da Boss, Now Stab ’Em Good!:

Loonbosses prefer to make their minions do all
the fighting.

You can use this command ability at the start
of a combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
MOONCLAN GROT unit wholly within 12" of
a model with this command ability, or wholly
within 24" of a model with this command ability
that is your general. If the unmodified wound
roll for an attack made by that unit in that phase
is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the
target in addition to any normal damage. The
same unit cannot be picked to be affected by this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, LOONBOSS


PAGEBREAK
90

5

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

ZARBAG

Zarbag

Zarbag the shaman has wandered the twisted halls of the Nightvault for as long as he
can remember. His sniffer spite helps him root out the best magic fungi, and he can
transform his facial features into a warped vision of horror almost at w i l l.

MELEE WEAPONS

Cursed Sick le

Range

2"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Zarbag is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with a Cursed Sickle.

ABILITIES

Sniffer Spite: Zarbag has captured and
imprisoned a sniffer spite, which he has
‘persuaded’
to track down potent magic fungi.

Once per battle, before you attempt
to cast a spell
with this model, you can roll a dice. On a 2+ add
2 to the casting roll.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Face
Of Da Bad Moon spells.

Face of Da Bad Moon: To Zarbag,

‘mooning
the enemy’ has a very different – and terrify ing
– meaning…

Face of Da Bad Moon has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 3" of
the caster that is visible to them. That unit must
make a normal move, and must retreat. If it is
impossible for the unit to make the move for any
reason, it suffers D6 mortal wounds instead.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, WIZARD, MADCAP SHAMAN, ZARBAG

1

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

ZARBAG’S GITZ

Zarbag’s Gitz

This dubious bunch of greenskin hooligans have followed Zarbag into countless
dangerous and often ludicrous situations, and have demonstrated a talent for
emerging more-or-less in one piece with heaps of glinting shinies to show for it.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Moonclan Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Gob Full of Teeth
Squig Prodder
Slitta

Range

16"

Attacks

1

To Hit

5+

To Wound

5+

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
1
1

To Hit

4+
5+
5+

To Wound

3+
4+
5+

Rend

-

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Zarbag’s Gitz is a unit that has 7 models. The
Squig Herder is armed with a Squig Prodder, the
2 Cave Squigs are each armed with a Massive Gob
Full of Teeth, the Netter is armed with a Slitta and
carries a Barbed Net, and the 3 Moonclan Shootas
are each armed with a Moonclan Bow and Slitta.

LOONSMASHA FANATIC: A Loonsmasha

Fanatic unit consisting of 1 model lurks with
Zarbag’s Gitz.

Squigs Go Wild: When a Cave Squig decides to
flee it snaps at anything that is foolish enough to
get in its way.

Roll a dice each time a Cave Squig model from
this unit flees, before the model is removed from
play. On a 4+ the nearest other unit within 6" of
the fleeing model suffers 1 mortal wound. If two
or more such units are equally close, you can pick
which suffers the mortal wound.

Netters: Moonclan Grots use throwing nets to
capture Cave Squigs and entangle their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 2" of any
friendly models with a Barbed Net.

Tough as Old Boots: Cave Squigs and their
herders are notoriously difficult to kill.

Squig Herder and Cave Squig models in this unit
have a Wounds characteristic of 2.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, ZARBAG’S GITZ


PAGEBREAK
4

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

MADCAP SHAMAN

91

Madcap Shaman

Black-clad Madcap Shamans caper into battle, chanting and jabbering madly. They
stuff madcap mushrooms into their gobs, eyes crack ling with power as they channel
the Gloomspite into deadly magical attacks.

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon Staff

Range

2"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Madcap Shaman is a single model armed with
a Moon Staff.

ABILITIES

Madcap Mushroom: This mushroom enhances
the eater’s magical capabilities – as long as it is
not a deadly poisonous madcap toadstool…

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
attempt
to cast one additional spell with this
model. If you do so, and the casting roll is a
double, this model suffers D3 mortal wounds
after the effects of the spell (if any) have
been resolved.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Night
Shroud spells.

Night Shroud: The shaman throws a black-
capped nightshade mushroom into the air, which
bursts to form a cloud of pitch blackness.

Night Shroud has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 12" of the caster that is visible to them.
Until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from hit
rolls for attacks made with missile weapons that
target that unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, WIZARD, MADCAP SHAMAN

WARSCROLL

SQUIG HERD

Squig Herd

Herds of Cave Squigs scamper into battle gnashing their huge fangs and sinking them
into anything that comes near. Their tough little grot herders keep the squigs moving
in the right direction, using pointy sticks and noisemakers to really rile them up.

MELEE WEAPONS

Fang-filled Gob
Squig Prodder

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

4+
5+

To Wound

3+
5+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Squig Herd unit has any number of models,
each armed with a Fang-filled Gob.

Go Dat Way!: A Squig Herder keeps any nearby
squigs heading in the right direction.

SQUIG HERDERS: 1 in every 6 models in this
unit must be a Squig Herder model instead of a
Cave Squig model. A Squig Herder is armed with
a Squig Prodder instead of a Fang-filled Gob.

You can re-roll run and charge rolls for this unit
while it includes any Squig Herders.

Squigs Go Wild: When a Cave Squig decides to
flee it snaps at anything that is foolish enough to
get in its way.

Roll a dice each time a Cave Squig model from
this unit flees, before the model is removed from
play. On a 4+ the nearest other unit within 6" of
the fleeing model suffers 1 mortal wound. If two
or more such units are equally close, you can pick
which suffers the mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, SQUIG HERD


PAGEBREAK
92

6

2D6"

4+

6

WARSCROLL

LOONBOSS

ON GIANT CAVE SQUIG

Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig

Giant Cave Squigs are especially huge and ferocious beasts that make excellent steeds
for the more daring grot Loonbosses. They hurtle into battle like rubbery meteors, all
fangs, prodding spikes and shrieked war cries.

MELEE WEAPONS

Moon-cutta
Moonclan Stabba
Massive Fang-filled Gob

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

5
5
4

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

A Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig is a single
model armed with a Moon-cutta or a
Moonclan Stabba.

MOUNT: This model’s Giant Cave Squig attacks
with its Massive Fang-filled Gob.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Redcap Mushrooms: A grot that eats a redcap
mushroom turns into a crazed killer.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can say
that this model is eating a redcap mushroom. If
you do so, you can re-roll hit and wound rolls
for this model’s Moon-cutta or Moonclan Stabba
until your next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Let’s Get Bouncing!: The Loonboss holds onto
his squig as tightly as possible and prepares to
leads his followers on a wild ride!

You can use this command ability at the start
of your movement phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly model with this command ability. All
friendly SQUIG units wholly within 12" of that
model at the start of that phase can move an
extra 3" if they make a move in that phase. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per movement phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, HERO, LOONBOSS

WARSCROLL

SNEAKY SNUFFLERS

Sneaky Snufflers

Dragged along by their eager snufflesquigs, Sneaky Snufflers harvest looncaps and
other valuable magic fungi from the battlefield. They slash up anyone that gets in their
way, and dole out mind-altering fungal treats to nearby grots for the fun of it.

MELEE WEAPONS

Loonfungus Sick le
Gnashers

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Sneaky Snufflers has any number of
models, each armed with a Loonfungus Sickle.

SNUFFLESQUIGS : Each Sneaky Snuffler is
accompanied by a Snufflesquig that attacks with
its Gnashers. For rules purposes, they are treated
in the same manner as a mount.

Looncap Mushrooms: Looncap mushrooms

appear when the Bad Moon arrives. They are
harvested by Sneaky Snufflers, and have an
intoxicating effect on any mobs of Moonclan Grots
that are nearby.

At the start of your movement phase, you can say
that this unit is har vesting looncap mushrooms.
If you do so, it cannot move in that movement
phase, but you can roll a dice. If the roll is less
than or equal to the number of models in this
unit, pick 1 friendly MOONCLAN unit wholly
within 12" of this unit. Add 1 to the Attacks

characteristic of melee weapons used by that
unit until your next movement phase. If you pick
the same unit to be affected by this ability more
than once in the same turn, it suffers 2D6 mortal
wounds each time you pick it an additional time.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, SNEAKY SNUFFLERS


PAGEBREAK
1

2D6"

6+

10

WARSCROLL

LOONSMASHA FANATICS

93

Loonsmasha Fanatics

Armed with a massive ball and chain, Loonsmasha Fanatics are driven loopy with
potent fungus brews then unleashed upon the enemy in a whirling storm. Though they
inevitably come to grief in the end, Loonsmasha Fanatics cause bloody carnage first.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ball and Chain

Range

1"

Attacks

D6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Loonsmasha Fanatics can have any
number of models, each armed with a Ball
and Chain.

ABILITIES

Release the Fanatics!: Loonsmasha Fanatics lurk
within mobs of their fellow grots until the enemy
approaches close enough for them to be released.

When you select this unit to be part of
your army, you must pick 1 friendly unit of
MOONCLAN GROTS that has at least 5 models
and is already part of your army as the unit that
this unit is with. Record this information on a

piece of paper. Do not set up this unit until it is
released as described below. A unit cannot be
with more than 1 unit of Fanatics.

Splat!: The life of a Fanatic is fraught with
mishap, as the loonies are as apt to kill themselves
as the enemy.

At the start of a charge phase, you can release
this unit. If you do so, set up this unit wholly
within 3" of the unit it was with, and more than
3" from any enemy units. If this unit was released
in your charge phase, it can attempt
to make a
charge move in that phase unless the unit it was
with has any restrictions that would stop it from
attempting to charge (if it ran, for example); if it
was released in the enemy charge phase, it cannot
attempt
to make a charge move. This unit is
destroyed if the unit it is with is destroyed before
this unit is released.

If the charge roll for this unit is a double, after
the charge move (or after the charge fails), this
unit suffers 1 mortal wound and each other unit
within 1" of this unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Whirling Death: To attack a grot Fanatic you
must first dodge past their ball and chain.

This unit fights at the start of the combat phase,
before the players pick any other units to fight in
that combat phase. This unit cannot fight again
in the combat phase unless an ability or spell
allows it to fight more than once.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, FANATIC, LOONSMASHA

1

2D6"

6+

10

WARSCROLL

SPORESPLATTA FANATICS

Sporesplatta Fanatics

Spinning madly, Sporesplatta Fanatics swing thwackwheezer puffshrooms attached
to heavy metal chains. The spore clouds they generate veil the grot hordes from sight,
and invigorate allies even as they choke and blind the foe.

MELEE WEAPONS

Spore-ball and Chain

Range

1"

Attacks

D3

To Hit

2+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Sporesplatta Fanatics can have any
number of models, each armed with a Spore-ball
and Chain.

ABILITIES

Puffshroom Frenzy : A puffshroom spore cloud
sends nearby Moonclan Grots into a frenzy.

At the start of your hero phase, friendly
MOONCLAN GROTS units wholly within 12"
of any friendly units with this ability become
frenzied until your next hero phase. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by
frenzied units.

Spore Cloud: The spore-balls these Fanatics
swing round their heads create dense clouds that
shield nearby Moonclan Grots from sight.

Splat!: The life of a Fanatic is fraught with
mishap, as they are as apt to kill themselves as
the enemy.

Models are not visible to each other if an
imaginar y straight line 1mm wide drawn
between the closest points of the two models
crosses over this unit, or passes within 1" of this
unit. This ability does not apply if either of the
models the line is drawn between is a model from
this unit, a model that can fly, or a MONSTER .

If the charge roll for this unit is a double, after
the charge move (or after the charge fails), this
unit suffers 1 mortal wound and each other unit
within 1" of this unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Whirling Death: To attack a grot Fanatic you
must first dodge past their ball and chain.

This unit fights at the start of the combat phase,
before the players pick any other units to fight in
that combat phase. This unit cannot fight again
in the combat phase unless an ability or spell
allows it to fight more than once.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, FANATIC, SPORESPLATTA


PAGEBREAK
94

1

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

STABBAS

Stabbas

Moonclan Stabbas form ragged ranks that advance upon the foe with gongs clanging
and banners waving. Eyes bulging with the madness of the Gloomspite, they pour over
the enemy lines and stab wildly at ever ything in their path.

MELEE WEAPONS

Stabba
Pokin’ Spear
Barbed Net

Range

1"
2"
2"

Attacks

1
1
3

To Hit

4+
5+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
5+

Rend

-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Stabbas has any number of models.
The unit is armed with one of the following
weapon options: Pokin’ Spear and Moon Shield;
or Stabba and Moon Shield. Up to 3 in every 20
models can replace the unit’s weapon option
with a Barbed Net.

MOONCLAN BOSS: The leader of this unit
is a Moonclan Boss. You can add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made with melee weapons by a
Moonclan Boss.

GONG BASHER: 1 in every 20 models in this
unit can be a Gong Basher. Add 2 to run rolls for
a unit that includes any Gong Bashers.

STANDARD BEARERS : 1 in every 20 models

in this unit can either be a Moonclan Flag
Bearer or a Bad Moon Icon Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of a unit that includes any
Moonclan Flag Bearers. Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks made with missile weapons that target a
unit that includes any Bad Moon Icon Bearers.

ABILITIES

Backstabbing Mob: It’s

loads easier to stab your
enemy in the back when they are surrounded by
all yer mates.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this unit while it has at least
15 models. Add 2 to the wound rolls made with
melee weapons by this unit instead while it has at
least 30 models.

Moon Shields: Large units of grots can use their
shields to create a defensive wall to hide behind.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this unit
while it has at least 10 models with Moon Shields.

Netters: Moonclan Grots use throwing nets to
capture Cave Squigs and entangle their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 2" of any
friendly models with a Barbed Net.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, STABBAS


PAGEBREAK
1

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

SHOOTAS

95

Shootas

Moonclan Shootas gather in sizeable skulkmobs that rain black-fletched arrows
upon the enemy. They pincushion their victims with sheer weight of fire, before
surrounding any survivors and stabbing them viciously to death.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Moonclan Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Slitta
Barbed Net

Range

16"

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1
3

To Hit

5+

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

5+
5+

Rend

-

Rend

-
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Shootas has any number of models,
each armed with a Moonclan Bow and Slitta.
Up to 3 in every 20 models can replace their
Moonclan Bow and Slitta with a Barbed Net.

MOONCLAN BOSS: The leader of this unit
is a Moonclan Boss. You can add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made with melee weapons by a
Moonclan Boss.

GONG BASHER : 1 in every 20 models in this
unit can be a Gong Basher. Add 2 to run rolls for
a unit that includes any Gong Bashers.

STANDARD BEARERS : 1 in every 20 models

in this unit can either be a Moonclan Flag
Bearer or a Bad Moon Icon Bearer. Add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of a unit that includes any
Moonclan Flag Bearers. Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks made with missile weapons that target a
unit that includes any Bad Moon Icon Bearers.

ABILITIES

Backstabbing Mob: It’s

loads easier to stab your
enemy in the back when they are surrounded by
all yer mates.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this unit while it has at least
15 models. Add 2 to the wound rolls made with
melee weapons by this unit instead while it has at
least 30 models.

Moonclan Bows: Large mobs of Shootas can
unleash dark clouds of arrows at the foe.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons by this unit while it has at least
15 models.

Netters: Moonclan Grots use throwing nets to
capture Cave Squigs and entangle their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 2" of any
friendly models with a Barbed Net.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, SHOOTAS


PAGEBREAK
96

2

3D6"

6+

4

WARSCROLL

SQUIG HOPPERS

Squig Hoppers

Squig Hoppers bound madly into battle, wreak ing havoc on anything they collide
with. Each hurtling squig has a cack ling grot clinging to its back, flailing wildly at
nearby enemies as he tries vainly to steer his weird steed.

MELEE WEAPONS

Slitta
Fang-filled Gob

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

5+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Squig Hoppers has any number of
models, each armed with a Slitta.

MOUNT: This unit’s Cave Squigs attack with
their Fang-filled Gobs.

FLY : This unit can fly.

SQUIG HOPPER BOSS: The leader of this

unit is a Squig Hopper Boss. You can add 1 to
hit rolls for attacks made with a Squig Hopper
Boss’ Slitta.

ABILITIES

Boing! Boing! Boing!: Squig Hoppers can cause
considerable damage simply by bouncing on top of
their foes as they hurtle across the battlefield.

After this unit has made a normal move, pick 1
enemy unit and roll a dice for each model in this
unit that passed across a model from that unit.
For each 4+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, SQUIG HOPPERS

2

4+

2D6"

5

WARSCROLL

BOINGROT BOUNDERZ

Boingrot Bounderz

Squig riders who have managed to sur vive more than a single, violently short-lived
battle, Boingrot Bounderz wear loon helms and skewer their enemies with wickedly
pointed pokin’
lances.

MELEE WEAPONS

Pokin’ Lance
Fang-filled Gob

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Boingrot Bounderz has any number of
models, each armed with a Pokin’ Lance.

Boing! Smash!: Mobs of Boingrot Bounderz
smash into their enemies like toothy meteors.

MOUNT: This unit’s Cave Squigs attack with
their Fang-filled Gobs.

FLY : This unit can fly.

BOUNDER BOSS: The leader of this unit is
a Bounder Boss. You can add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made with a Bounder Boss’ Pokin’ Lance.

After this unit has made a charge move, pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this unit and roll a dice
for each model in this unit. For each 4+ that
enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Lances of the Bounderz: The pokin’

lances
carried by Boingrot Bounderz are especially
dangerous on the charge.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with this
unit’s Pokin’ Lances if this unit made a charge
move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, BOINGROT BOUNDERZ


PAGEBREAK
12

4+

10

WARSCROLL

MANGLER SQUIGS

97

Possibly the most insane living weapons to be unleashed upon the Mortal Realms,
Mangler Squigs crash, bound and roll across the battlefield leaving trails of torn and
broken bodies in their wake.

MELEE WEAPONS

Huge Fang-filled Gobs
Balls and Chains

Grots’ Bashin’ Stikks

Range

2"
2"

1"

Attacks

4

4

To Hit

3+

4+

DAMAGE TABLE

To Wound

3+
3+

4+

Rend

-1
-2

-

Damage

D6
D3

1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

3D6"
2D6"
D6"
2D6"
3D6"

Huge Fang-filled Gobs

3+
4+
5+
4+
3+

Balls and Chains

7
6
5
6
7

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Mangler Squigs are a single model armed with
Huge Fang-filled Gobs and Balls and Chains.

CREW: This model has a grot crew that attack
with their Bashin’ St ikks. For rules purposes, the
crew are treated in the same manner as a mount.

FLY : This model can fly.

Ker-splat!: Mangler Squigs produce an impact
that is nothing short of spectacular,
sending
severed body par ts and splashes of gore skywards.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Balls and Chains if this model made a
charge move in the same turn.

Watch Out!: Mangler Squigs are capable of
great destruction even in their wildly bouncing
death throes.

If this model is slain, before the model is
removed from play roll a dice for each unit
within 6" of this model. On a 4+ that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

Mangler Squigs

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, SQUIG, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, MOONCLAN, MONSTER, MANGLER SQUIGS


PAGEBREAK
98

12

6"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

DANKHOLD TROGGBOSS

Dankhold Troggbosses are ancient creatures that sometimes wake from their
subterranean slumbers and go on the rampage. Potent forces of destruction in their
own right, Troggbosses also inspire any Gloomspite Gitz fighting in their shadow.

MELEE WEAPONS

Boulder Club
Crushing Grip

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

See below

Rend

-2

Damage

D6

COMMAND ABILITIES

Instinctive Leader : A Dankhold Troggboss

is one of the few creatures
that can bellow
loudly enough to get other troggoths to ignore
any distractions and concentrate on bashing
their enemies. The mindless beasts obey him
instinctively, and follow his lead without question.

Use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

DANKHOLD TROGGOTH HERO with this

command ability. Until the end of that phase,
you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by
friendly TROGGOTH units wholly within 18" of
that model when they attack.

DESCRIPTION

A Dankhold Troggboss is a single model armed
with a Boulder Club and Crushing Grip.

ABILITIES

Crushing Grip: The vice-like grasp of a
Dankhold Troggoth can squeeze the life out of all
but the largest opponent.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Crushing Grip. Instead, pick 1
enemy model that is in range of the attack and
roll a dice. If the roll is equal to or greater than
the Wounds characteristic of that model, it
is slain.

Magical Resistance: The mushrooms and

realmstone that Dankhold Troggoths consume
make them naturally resistance to the effects
of magic.

Each time this unit is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so, on
a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this model.

Reassuring Presence: The mushrooms that

sprout
from the scaly hides of Dankhold Troggoths
are things of wonder and reassurance to the grots
that make up the Gloomspite hordes.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
GLOOMSPITE GITZ units that are wholly within
18" of any friendly models with this ability.

Regeneration: Troggoths are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as quickly as it is harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
unit. If you do so, on a 4+ heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this unit.

Squiggly-beast Followers: Dankhold Troggoths

are accompanied by a horde of small skittering
cave-creatures
that look to them for protection.

At the start of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit within 3" of any friendly models
with this ability. If the roll is equal to or greater
than the number of models in that enemy unit,
that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Dankhold Troggboss

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, TROGGOTH, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, DANKHOLD, HERO, TROGGBOSS


PAGEBREAK
10

6"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

DANKHOLD TROGGOTHS

99

Dankhold Troggoths sleep deep underground until the Gloomspite moves them to
lumber up to the surface and wreak havoc. They swat and crush ever ything within
reach, soak up spellcraft like sponges, and are nigh unkillable in battle.

MELEE WEAPONS

Boulder Club
Crushing Grip

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
1

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

See below

Rend

-2

Damage

D6

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Dankhold Troggoths can have any
number of models, each armed with a Boulder
Club and Crushing Grip.

ABILITIES

Crushing Grip: The vice-like grasp of a
Dankhold Troggoth can squeeze the life out of all
but the largest opponent.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Crushing Grip. Instead, pick 1
enemy model that is in range of the attack and
roll a dice. If the roll is equal to or greater than
the Wounds characteristic of that model, it
is slain.

Magical Resistance: The mushrooms and

realmstone that Dankhold Troggoths consume
make them naturally resistance to the effects
of magic.

Each time this unit is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so, on
a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this unit.

Reassuring Presence: The mushrooms that

sprout
from the scaly hides of Dankhold Troggoths
are a things of wonder and reassurance to the
grots that make up the Gloomspite hordes.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
GLOOMSPITE GITZ units that are wholly within
12" of any friendly models with this ability.

Regeneration: Troggoths are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as quickly as it is harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
unit. If you do so, on a 4+ heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this unit.

Squiggly-beast Followers: Dankhold Troggoths

are accompanied by a horde of small skittering
cave-creatures
that look to them for protection.

At the start of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit within 3" of any friendly models
with this ability. If the roll is equal to or greater
than the number of models in that enemy unit,
that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Dankhold Troggoths

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, TROGGOTH, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, DANKHOLD


PAGEBREAK
100

8

6"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

MOLLOG

Mollog the ancient Dankhold Troggoth really just wants to find somewhere dark
and damp to go back to sleep, but people keep disturbing him and getting in his way.
Suffice it to say, this never ends well for them…

MISSILE WEAPONS

Jabbertoad

MELEE WEAPONS

Puff-fungus Club

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

-

Rend

Damage

1

Damage

2

See below

Magical Resistance: The mushrooms and

realmstone that Dankhold Troggoths consume
make them naturally resistance to the effects
of magic.

Each time this unit is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 4+ ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this unit.

Reassuring Presence: The mushrooms that

sprout
from the scaly hides of Dankhold Troggoths
are things of wonder and reassurance to the grots
that make up the Gloomspite hordes.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
GLOOMSPITE GITZ units that are wholly within
12" of any friendly models with this ability.

Regeneration: Troggoths are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as quickly as it is harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
unit. If you do so, on a 4+ heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this unit.

DESCRIPTION

Mollog is a named character that is a single
model with three minions: a Bat Squig, a
Stalagsquig and a Spiteshroom. Mollog is armed
with a Puff-fungus Club and Jabbertoad.

Mollog and his minions are treated as a
single model using the characteristics given
above. The minions must remain within 1" of
Mollog’s model.

ABILITIES

Jabbertoad: Jabber toads stick to their victim’s
face, and are incredibly hard to remove.

If any wounds inflicted by a Jabbertoad are
allocated to an enemy model and not negated,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
that model for the rest of that battle round (even
if the wounds inflicted by the Jabbertoad are
subsequently healed).

Puff-fungus Club: When a puff-fungus club hits
a foe, it releases a cloud of toxic spores.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Puff-fungus Club. Instead roll a
dice. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-3, the
target unit suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 4+ the
target unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Mollog

MINION ABILITIES

Bat Squig: Bat Squigs descend upon their victims
in a flurry of gnashing jaws and spattering guano.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 18" of this model and roll
a dice. On a 5+ that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. This ability cannot be used if the Bat
Squig minion has been removed (see Loyal to the
End, below).

Spiteshroom: The incessant high-pitched
shrieking and shrill
idiot ditties of this
weird creature can distract even the most
veteran warrior.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 3" of this model and roll a
dice. On a 5+ subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit in that combat phase. This
ability cannot be used if the Spiteshroom minion
has been removed before the start of that combat
phase (see Loyal to the End, below).

Stalagsquig: Being coated in a solid rocky hide,
the Stalagsquig is as likely to break an enemy’s
blade as to be harmed itself.

If you choose to remove this minion when you
use the Loyal to the End ability (see below), roll a
dice. On a 5+ this minion is not removed, but the
wound or mortal wound is still negated.

Loyal to the End: Mollog the Mighty’s minions
will sacrifice themselves to save their master.

Each time a wound or mortal wound is allocated
to this model and not negated, you can choose
to remove 1 minion. If you do so, the wound or
mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, TROGGOTH, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, DANKHOLD, HERO, MOLLOG


PAGEBREAK
4

6"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

FELLWATER TROGGOTHS

101

Fellwater Troggoths

These slime-slick beasties stink worse than a plague pit fu l l of incontinent Nurglings.
They throw up jetting streams of viciously corrosive vomit, softening their prey up –
quite literally – before tearing into them with wicked talons and tusks.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Noxious Vomit

MELEE WEAPONS

Spiked Club

Range

6"

Range

2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

4

To Hit

2+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Fellwater Troggoths has any number
of models, each armed with a Spiked Club and
Noxious Vomit.

ABILITIES

Regeneration: Troggoths are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as quickly as it is harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
unit. If you do so, on a 4+ heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this unit.

Terrible Stench: Fellwater Troggoths are slimy
creatures
that reek so foully of rotten fish that it
makes their enemies gag.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, TROGGOTH, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, FELLWATER

WARSCROLL

4

6"

5

5+

ROCKGUT TROGGOTHS

Rockgut Troggoths

Rockgut Troggoths have stony hides that are proof against blade, bolt and magical
blast alike. Their lumpen claws pass through stone as though it were water, allowing
them to scoop up huge clubs and throwing boulders at w i l l. Subtle they are not.

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Stone Maul

Range

2"

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Rockgut Troggoths has any number of
models, each armed with a Massive Stone Maul.

ABILITIES

Regeneration: Troggoths are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as quickly as it is harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
unit. If you do so, on a 4+ heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this unit.

Stony Skin: Rockgut Troggoths have iron-hard
skin and are naturally resistant
to magic.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Throwin’ Boulders: Rockgut Troggoths often dig
up boulders during battle and hurl them towards
the enemy with varying degrees of accuracy.

In your shooting phase, pick 1 enemy unit within
12" of this unit and visible to it, and roll a dice.
If the roll is equal to or less than the number of
models in this unit, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, TROGGOTH, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, ROCKGUT


PAGEBREAK
102

14

4+

6

WARSCROLL

WEBSPINNER SHAMAN

ON ARACHNAROK SPIDER

This especially old and malevolent Arachnarok Spider bears a Webspinner Shaman
and his mob of hangers-on into battle. The shaman draws power from his howdah’s
catchweb spidershrine to boost his own spellcraft and unmake his foes’.

Webspinner Shaman on Arachnarok
Spider

To Wound

Damage

Attacks

To Hit

MISSILE WEAPONS

Spider-bows

Range

16"

8

5+

5+

Rend

-

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Spider God Staff
Chitinous Legs
Monstrous Fangs
Crooked Spears

Range

1"
3"
1"
1"

Attacks

1

4
8

To Hit

4+
4+

5+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-1
-

Damage

D3
1
D3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Chitinous Legs

8
7
6
5
4

Monstrous Fangs

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Webspinner Shaman on Arachnarok Spider is
a single model armed with a Spider God Staff.

MOUNT: This model’s Arachnarok
Spider attacks with its Chitinous Legs and
Monstrous Fangs.

CREW: This model has a Spiderfang Grot
crew that attack with their Crooked Spears and
Spider-bows. For rules purposes, the crew are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Catchweb Spidershrine: This ramshackle altar

to the Spider God shimmers with malevolent
arcane energy.

Add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls for friendly
SPIDERFANG WIZARDS while they are within
12" of any friendly models with this ability.

Spider Venom: An Arachnarok Spider’s
monstrous fangs glisten with deadly toxic venom.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Monstrous Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Prophet of the Spider God: Spider fang tribes

are often ruled over by the shaman that attends
the Spidershrine on an Arachnarok Spider.

If this model is the general of your army, you can
add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SPIDERFANG units wholly within 24" of
this model.

Wall Crawler : Arachnarok Spiders can skitter
up and down ver tical sur faces as if they were
flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Venom of the Spider God spells.

Venom of the Spider God: With a hiss,

the shaman calls upon the Spider God for its
wicked aid.

Venom of the Spider God has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SPIDERFANG
unit wholly within 16" of the caster and visible
to them. Until your next hero phase, double
the number of mortal wounds inflicted by that
unit’s Spider Venom ability. If the casting roll
is 10 or more, pick up to D3 different friendly
SPIDERFANG units instead of 1.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ARACHNAROK SPIDER, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD,
WEBSPINNER SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
6

8"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

SCUTTLEBOSS

ON GIGANTIC SPIDER

103

Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider

Swaggering bullies whose twisted anatomies are part arachnid, Scuttlebosses charge
into battle upon the backs of Gigantic Spiders, exhorting nearby skittermobs to follow
their violent example and ride the foe into the ground.

MELEE WEAPONS

Envenomed Spear
Gigantic Fangs

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

4
4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider is a single
model armed with an Envenomed Spear.

MOUNT: This model’s Gigantic Spider attacks
with its Gigantic Fangs.

ABILITIES

Spider Venom: Both the Scuttleboss’
spear and
his mount’s
fangs glisten with lethal venom.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
by this model is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

Wall Crawler: Gigantic Spiders can skitter up and
down vertical sur faces as if they were flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Ride ’Em All Down!: The boss levels his spear at
the enemy, and calls on his minions to attack that
foe with all the fury they possess.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SPIDERFANG GROT unit wholly within 18" of a
model with this command ability. You can re-roll
charge rolls for that unit in that charge phase.
In addition, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made with that unit’s Crooked Spears in the
following combat phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, HERO, SCUTTLEBOSS

4

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

WEBSPINNER SHAMAN

Webspinner Shaman

Veins thick with venom, Webspinner Shamans live in vivid waking visions through
which they interpret the Spider God’s w i l l. They are blessed by their arachnid deity,
protected by its sinister touch and sorcerously empowered by its malevolent might.

MELEE WEAPONS

Spider God Staff

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Webspinner Shaman is a single model armed
with a Spider God Staff.

ABILITIES

Touched by the Spider God: The tiny skullback

spiders that constantly bite the shaman fill
him with the mystical protective energy of the
Spider God.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Speed
of the Spider God spells.

Speed of the Spider God: With a shriek, the

shaman calls upon the Spider God to imbue its
worshippers with preternatural
speed.

Speed of the Spider God has a casting value of 4.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SPIDERFANG
unit wholly within 24" of the caster and visible to
them. Until your next hero phase, that unit can
run and still shoot later in the same turn. If the
casting roll is 8 or more, pick up to D3 friendly
SPIDERFANG units instead of 1.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, HERO, WIZARD, WEBSPINNER SHAMAN


PAGEBREAK
104

14

4+

6

WARSCROLL

ARACHNAROK SPIDER

WITH FLINGER

Some Arachnarok Spiders bear howdahs upon their backs that have flinger catapults
built into them. Operated by a cack ling grot crew, these weapons lob tumbling masses
of envenomed webbing that slam down to entangle and poison the enemy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Flinger
Spider-bows

MELEE WEAPONS

Chitinous Legs
Monstrous Fangs
Crooked Spears

Range

36"
16"

Range

3"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
8

Attacks

4
8

To Hit

5+

To Hit

4+

5+

DAMAGE TABLE

To Wound

Rend

Damage

See below

5+

-

1

To Wound

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
D3
1

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Chitinous Legs

8
7
6
5
4

Monstrous Fangs

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

An Arachnarok Spider with Flinger is a single
model armed with a Flinger, Chitinous Legs and
Monstrous Fangs.

CREW: This model has a Spiderfang Grot
crew that attack with their Crooked Spears and
Spider-bows. For rules purposes, the crew are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Flinger : This crude catapult hurls a heavy ball of
corded spider-webs at the enemy. Any victims not
crushed by the missile when it lands are engulfed
by the mass of sticky silk as it explosively unfurls.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Flinger. Instead roll a dice. Add
1 to the dice roll if the target unit has at least
5 models. Add 2 to the dice roll instead if the
target unit has at least 10 models.

Spider Venom: An Arachnarok Spider’s
monstrous fangs glisten with deadly toxic venom.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Monstrous Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Wall Crawler : Arachnarok Spiders can skitter
up and down ver tical sur faces as if they were
flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

On a 6+ the target unit suffers D3 mortal wounds
and is engulfed in sticky webs. A unit that is
engulfed in sticky webs fights at the end of the
next combat phase, after the players have picked
any other units to fight.

Arachnarok Spider with Flinger

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ARACHNAROK SPIDER, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, MONSTER


PAGEBREAK
14

4+

6

WARSCROLL

ARACHNAROK SPIDER

WITH SPIDERFANG WARPARTY

Vast arachnid predators possessed of a malevolent sentience, Arachnarok Spiders
stalk into battle with rickety shanty-howdahs fu l l of grots swaying upon their
bulbous abdomens.

105

MISSILE WEAPONS

Spider-bows

MELEE WEAPONS

Chitinous Legs
Monstrous Fangs
Crooked Spears

Range

16"

Range

3"
1"
1"

Attacks

10

Attacks

4
10

To Hit

5+

To Hit

4+

5+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
D3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Chitinous Legs

8
7
6
5
4

Monstrous Fangs

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

An Arachnarok Spider with Spiderfang
Warparty is a single model armed with
Chitinous Legs and Monstrous Fangs.

CREW: This model has a Spiderfang Grot
crew that attack with their Crooked Spears and
Spider-bows. For rules purposes, the crew are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Spider Venom: An Arachnarok Spider’s
monstrous fangs glisten with deadly toxic venom.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Monstrous Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Voracious Predator : Young Arachnarok Spiders
are swift hunters despite their immense size, with
an unquenchable hunger for living prey.

Wall Crawler : Arachnarok Spiders can skitter
up and down ver tical sur faces as if they were
flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

You can re-roll run and charge rolls for this
model. In addition, roll a dice for each enemy
unit that is within 1" of this model after this
model makes a charge move. On a 2+ that enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Arachnarok Spider with Spiderfang
Warparty

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ARACHNAROK SPIDER, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, MONSTER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

106

14

4+

6

SKITTERSTRAND ARACHNAROK

Creeping out from their web-wreathed Shyishan lairs, Skitterstrand Arachnarok
Spiders burst through temporary Realmgates to snatch up their prey, biting off heads,
injecting paralysing venom, and dragging choice victims away into the darkness.

MELEE WEAPONS

Chitinous Legs
Monstrous Fangs

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Chitinous Legs

8
7
6
5
4

Monstrous Fangs

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Skitterstrand Arachnarok is a single
model armed with Chitinous Legs and
Monstrous Fangs.

ABILITIES

Ambush From Beyond: Skitterstrand

Arachnaroks burst from temporary Realmgates to
capture and drag off their screaming v ictims.

Instead of setting up this model on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say
that it is set up in ambush as a reserve unit.

At the end of your movement phase, you can
set up one or more of the reserve units that are
in ambush on the battlefield more than 9" from
any enemy units. Any reserve units that are in
ambush that are not set up on the battlefield
before the start of the fourth battle round
are slain.

Spider Venom: An Arachnarok Spider’s
monstrous fangs glisten with deadly toxic venom.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Monstrous Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Wall Crawler : Arachnarok Spiders can skitter
up and down ver tical sur faces as if they were
flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

Skitterstrand Arachnarok

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ARACHNAROK SPIDER, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, SKITTERSTRAND, MONSTER


PAGEBREAK
2

10"

4

5+

WARSCROLL

SPIDER RIDERS

107

Skittermobs of Spider Riders stream across the battlefield, pouring through, over and
around even the densest terrain or most formidable fortifications. They encircle their
foes, pelting them with poisoned arrows and jabbing with crooked spears.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Spider-bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Crooked Spear
Fangs

Range

16"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

2

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

5+

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-

Rend

-
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Spider Riders has any number of
models, each armed with a Crooked Spear
and Spider-bow.

MOUNT: This unit’s Giant Spiders attack with
their Fangs.

SPIDER RIDER BOSS: The leader of this unit
is a Spider Rider Boss. You can add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made with melee weapons by a Spider
Rider Boss.

BONE DRUMMER : 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Bone Drummer. Add
2 to run rolls for a unit that includes any
Bone Drummers.

SPIDER TOTEM BEARERS : 1 in every 10

models in this unit can be a Spider Totem Bearer.
Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of a unit that
includes any Spider Totem Bearers.

ABILITIES

Spider Venom: A Giant Spider’s
with lethal venom.

fangs glisten

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made by
this model’s Giant Spider’s Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Wall Crawler : Giant Spiders can skitter up and
down ver tical sur faces as if they were flat ground.

When this model makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

Spider Riders

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, SPIDERFANG, GROT, SPIDER RIDERS


PAGEBREAK
108

12

5+

6

WARSCROLL

ALEGUZZLER GARGANT

Aleguzzler Gargants that accompany Gloomspite hordes into battle are often
combating raging hangovers from drink ing too much crude fungus brew. They fight
for more barrels of the same foul stuff, so that they can get inebriated all over again.

MELEE WEAPONS

’Eadbutt
Massive Club
Mighty Kick

Range

1"
3"
2"

Attacks

1

1

To Hit

4+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-3
-1
-2

Damage

1
D3

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

8"
6"
5"
4"
3"

DAMAGE TABLE

Massive Club

3D6
2D6
2D6
D6
D6

’Eadbutt

D6
D6
D3
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

An Aleguzzler Gargant is a single model
armed with an ’Eadbutt, Massive Club and
Mighty Kick.

ABILITIES

Drunken Stagger : Often still

inebriated,
gargants can be just as much a hazard to their
allies as their enemies.

If a charge roll for this model is a double, this
model cannot make a charge move that phase.
In addition, the players must roll off. The player
who wins the roll-off picks a point on the
battlefield 3" from this model. Each unit within
2" of that point suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Stuff ’Em In Me Bag: Gargants are known to
grab hapless warriors and stuff them screaming
into their bags ‘ for later’…

After this model piles in, you can pick 1 enemy
model within 3" of this model and roll a dice. If
the roll is equal to or greater than double that
model’s Wounds characteristic,
it is slain.

Timber!: A dying gargant is indiscriminating
in their choice of where – and on whom – their
body falls.

If this model is slain, before removing the model
from the battlefield the players must roll off. The
player who wins the roll-off picks a point on the
battlefield 3" from this model. Each unit within
2" of that point suffers D3 mortal wounds. This
model is then removed from the battlefield.

Aleguzzler Gargant

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GARGANT, GLOOMSPITE GITZ, ALEGUZZLER , MONSTER


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

MALEVOLENT MOON

109

Malevolent Moon

The Malevolent Moon is conjured when a shaman raises high a car ved loonstone simulacrum of the Bad Moon
and jabbers the right words. The statue swells into a cack ling, glowing abomination that sweeps across the
battlefield wreak ing havoc.

DESCRIPTION

A Malevolent Moon is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Malevolent Moon is a
predatory endless spell. A Malevolent Moon can
move up to 12" and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Malevolent Moon: The shaman

transforms his loonstone statue into a huge
glowing terror and lets it loose.

ABILITIES

Swirling Doom: When a Malevolent Moon is
summoned for th, it immediately hur tles across the
battlefield leaving devastation in its wake.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Malevolent Intentions: A Malevolent Moon

crashes through its foes, biting or crushing them
as it goes.

After this model moves, roll a dice for each
unit that has any models that this model
passed across. On a 2+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Moon of Ill Omen: A Malevolent Moon distor ts
magic, drawing lesser spells towards itself where
they are swallowed up by its glowing mass.

Summon Malevolent Moon has a casting value

of 6. Only GLOOMSPITE GITZ WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set
up a Malevolent Moon model wholly within 12"
of the caster.

Subtract 1 from casting rolls made for casters
within 9" of this model. Subtract 2 from casting
rolls instead for casters within 3" of this model.

If the caster is a GLOOMSPITE GITZ WIZARD,

then it is not affected by this ability.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, MALEVOLENT MOON

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

MORK’S MIGHTY MUSHROOM

Mork’s Mighty Mushroom

Mork’s Mighty Mushroom begins as a single spore plucked from between the caster’s filthy toes. By the time it is
flung at the foe, it has swollen into a fully grown mushroom, and within moments it blooms into something huge and
unutterably foul.

DESCRIPTION

A Mork’s Mighty Mushroom is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Mork’s Mighty Mushroom: The

shaman takes a small mushroom and hurls it with
all his might. When it lands,
it sprouts impossibly
quickly into a gigantic skullshroom, a fungus said
to grow between Mork’s own toes.

Summon Mork’s Mighty Mushroom has a
casting value of 6. Only GLOOMSPITE GITZ
WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If
successfully cast, set up a Mork’s Mighty
Mushroom model wholly within 6D6" of
the caster.

ABILITIES

Mutating Spores: Grots know to steer clear of
even the smallest skullshrooms, as their spores
have a terrify ing and immediate effect upon those
who come into contact with them. When Mork’s
Mighty Mushroom erupts onto the battlefield,
it
belches inescapable clouds of these horrible motes
that cause smaller skullshrooms
to violently burst
forth from everything they touch – a process that
has par ticularly messy results upon living things.

After this model is set up, and at the start of each
battle round after it is set up, each unit within 8"
of this model is enveloped by mutating spores.
For each unit enveloped by mutating spores, roll
a number of dice equal to the number of models
from that unit that are within 8" of this model.
For each 5+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, MORK’S MIGHTY MUSHROOOM


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

110

SCRAPSKUTTLE’S ARACHNACAULDRON

Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron

Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron fumes with sorcerous energies, and a shaman who drinks of its foul fluids feels
magical knowledge burn through their brain. Yet the cauldron squeals always with idiot hunger, and there is a price to
be paid for the arcane power it bestows.

DESCRIPTION

Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron is a
single model.

MAGIC

Summon Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron:

The shaman whistles loudly, calling
Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron to his side.

Summon Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron
has a casting value of 5. Only GLOOMSPITE
to cast this spell.
If successfully cast, set up a Scrapskuttle’s
Arachnacauldron model within 1" of the caster.

GITZ WIZARDS can attempt

As long as the Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron
is not dispelled, the caster and the Scrapskuttle’s
Arachnacauldron are treated as being a single
model from the caster’s army that uses the

caster’s warscroll as well as the Endless Spells
rules. The Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron must
remain within 1" of the caster. If the caster is
slain, then the Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron
is immediately dispelled and removed from play
along with the caster.

ABILITIES

Blessings of the Cauldron: Scrapskuttle’s

Arachnacauldron grants great arcane power to the
one brave or mad enough to call upon its aid.

As long as Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron is not
dispelled, add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls
for the caster, and the caster knows all of the
spells from the Lore of the Moonclans.

Bloodslither Pact: Scrapskuttle’s

Arachnacauldron only impar ts its gifts when live
victims are plunged screaming into the bubbling
broth that sloshes around in its iron belly.
If no
enemies are nearby,
then allies or even the caster
will have to be sacrificed!

When the Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron is
set up, and at the start of each of the caster’s
hero phases after it is set up, you must pick 1
unit within 3" of the caster. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. Note that this means that if
there are no other units within 3" of the caster,
then the caster wi l l suffer the mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SCRAPSKUTTLE’S ARACHNACAULDRON

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

SCUTTLETIDE

First comes a weird whispering, a rising scrape and skitter like a wind through dr y leaves. Then the Scuttletide spills
out onto the battlefield, sorcerous spiders by the thousand squeezing from cracks in the ground and surging from
shadows and undergrowth to overrun and frenziedly bite ever ything in their path.

Scuttletide

ABILITIES

Scuttling Horde: A Scuttletide seethes across the
battlefield, biting and poisoning anything that gets
in its way or that approaches
too closely.

After setting up or moving this model, you
can pick 1 unit within 1" of this model and roll
6 dice. For each roll of 5+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

In addition, roll 6 dice for each unit that finishes
a normal move or a charge move within 6" of
this model. For each roll of 5+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Spider-kin: A Scuttletide will not harm
other spiders, and will allow them to pass
by unhindered.

SPIDERFANG units are not affected by
the Scuttling Horde ability. In addition,
SPIDERFANG models can move across this
model in the same manner as a model that
can fly.

DESCRIPTION

A Scuttletide is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Scuttletide is a predatory
endless spell. A Scuttletide can move up to 6".

MAGIC

Summon Scuttletide: The shaman grasps a

small
jade amulet in which a skullback spider is
imprisoned, and uses it to call
forth a seething
mass of the trapped creature’s
kin.

Summon Scuttletide has a casting value of

7. Only GLOOMSPITE GITZ WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. Add 1 to casting rolls
for this spell if the caster is a SPIDERFANG
WIZARD. If successfully cast, set up a Scuttletide
model wholly within 6" of a terrain feature.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SCUTTLETIDE


PAGEBREAK
111

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that has
any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Gloomspite Gitz army. Updated
January 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

GLOOMSPITE GITZ

UNIT SIZE

UNIT

Shootas
Stabbas
Dankhold Troggboss
Fungoid Cave-Shaman
Loonboss
Loonboss on Giant Cave Squig
Loonboss with Giant Cave Squig
Madcap Shaman
Mollog
Scuttleboss on Gigantic Spider
Skragrott, the Loonking
Webspinner Shaman

Zarbag

Zarbag’s Gitz
Loonboss on Mangler Squigs
Webspinner Shaman on
Arachnarok Spider
Aleguzzler Gargant
Arachnarok Spider with Flinger
Arachnarok Spider with
Spiderfang Warparty
Mangler Squigs
Skitterstrand Arachnarok
Brewgit
Spiker
Boggleye
Shroomancer
Scaremonger
Boingrot Bounderz
Dankhold Troggoths

Fellwater Troggoths

Loonsmasha Fanatics

Rockgut Troggoths

Sneaky Snufflers

Spider Riders

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline
Battleline
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader

Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth

Behemoth
Behemoth

Behemoth

Behemoth
Behemoth

20
20
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

7
1

1

1
1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
5
1

3

5

3

5

5

60
60
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

7
1

1

1
1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
15
3

12

15

12

15

30

130
130/360
300
90
70
110
100
80
170
100
220
80

160

300

300

160
270

250

240
260

240

100
220

160

140

160

70

100/540

Unique

Unique

Unique. These units
must be taken as a set
for a total of 160 points.
Although taken as a set,
each is a separate unit.

These models must be
taken as a set for a total
of 240 points. Although
taken as a set, each is a
separate unit.

Battleline in
Gloomspite Gitz
army if general is a
Dankhold Troggboss.

Battleline in
Gloomspite Gitz
army if general is a
Dankhold Troggboss.

Battleline in
Gloomspite Gitz
army if general is

SPIDERFANG .


PAGEBREAK
112

GLOOMSPITE GITZ

UNIT

Sporesplatta Fanatics

Squig Herd

Squig Hoppers

Arachnarok Spider Cluster
Gobbapalooza
Moonclan Skrap
Skitterstrand Nest
Skulkmob Horde
Spider fang Stalktribe
Spider Rider Skitterswarm
Squigalanche
Squig Rider Stampede
Troggherd
Malevolent Moon
Mork’s Mighty Mushroom
Scrapskuttle’s Arachnacauldron
Scuttletide
Bad Moon Loonshrine

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline in
Gloomspite Gitz
army if general is

MOONCLAN.

Battleline in
Gloomspite Gitz army
if general has a Giant
Cave Squig or Mangler
Squigs mount.

5

6

5

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1
1

15

24

20

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1
1

120

70

90

100
110
120
110
160
110
120
90
140
180
50
80
50
30
0

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery

DESTRUCTION

Gloomspite Gitz

ALLIES

Bonesplitterz, Gitmob Grots, Greenskinz


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

The Beasts of Chaos are monstrous hybrids of men and animals. Since the dawn of the
realms they have stalked the Chaos-infused wilds, slaughtering those foolish enough to
venture beyond the boundaries of the known.

WHAT’S NEXT?


PAGEBREAK
