
PAGEBREAK
The ground shivers in revulsion,
the skies turn
the colours of a livid bruise and the air is rent
by screams of horror and ecstasy. The Hedonites
of Slaanesh, a carnival of blades and cavorting
bodies, have embarked upon a new voyage.
It
will
lead them to a myriad of battlefields, a
thousand forbidden pleasures, but it will always
end in torment. These corrupt sensualists seek
to bring deadly excess to the dull and brutish
denizens of the Mortal Realms. To them, the
domains of the sane are a canvas upon which to
paint a tableau of gore-soaked madness.

The Hedonites are the faithful devotees of
Slaanesh, god of obsession and excess.
In the
Age of Myth,
their deity was undone, captured
by the Pantheon of Order. The Hedonites
cried out, gnashing their teeth and clawing at
themselves in grief. Some secretly relished the
intensity of
feeling brought about by their god’s
desertion. Others began searching for him, the
mounted hunt
for the Dark Prince being but
one more form of excess, an endless bacchanal
of war waged at dizzying speeds. Still more
continued to conquer and despoil
in Slaanesh’s
name, hoping their acts of devotion would
empower him to break free from whatever
held him. The most presumptuous of his
warlords now seek to take his place,
in doing
so becoming gods themselves.
It is a claim that
they can back up with true majesty; woe to
those who deny them that which they desire.

All of Slaanesh’s followers believe, with a
feverish certainty,
that
their kind will rise again.
They preach that
there will be a reckoning – one
that will see Slaanesh ascendant
in the Great
Game, and reshape the Mortal Realms that have
held him prisoner for so long. And they intend
to bring it about, even if they have to slit the
throats of every living thing to do so, and dance
across their corpses until
the stars themselves
die out.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

THEY WHO SEEK EXCESS ...........................4

THE DEITY SLAANESH ..............................................8

TO CAPTURE A GOD ................................................10

FIENDISH PARADISES .............................................12

INVADERS ...................................................................14

PRETENDERS .............................................................16

GODSEEKERS .............................................................18

A GOD IN CHAINS ....................................................20

A LEGACY OF DEPRAVITY ......................................24

THE DEPRAVED LEGIONS .......................................26

Keepers of Secrets .............................................................26
Shalaxi Helbane ................................................................28
Heralds of Slaanesh ..........................................................30
Daemonettes ......................................................................34
Chariots of Cruel Desire ..................................................36
Seekers, Fiends and Hellstriders ....................................38

DARK SPLENDOUR ....................................42

HOSTS WITHOUT NUMBER ...................................51

A CACOPHONOUS HOST .........................................52

PAINTING YOUR HEDONITES OF SLAANESH. . . . .54

THE HEDONITE HOSTS .............................60

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES .........................................61

Battle Traits ........................................................................61
Invaders Host Battle Traits .............................................62
Invaders Host Command Traits .....................................62
Invaders Host Artefacts of Power ..................................63

Pretenders Host Battle Traits ..........................................64
Pretenders Host Command Traits .................................64
Pretenders Host Artefacts of Power ...............................65
Godseekers Host Battle Traits ........................................66
Godseekers Host Command Traits ...............................66
Godseekers Host Artefacts of Power .............................67
Spell Lores ..........................................................................68
Fane of Slaanesh ................................................................70
Battleplan: Two Hosts Go To War .................................72

PATH TO GLORY ........................................................74

Slaanesh Warband Tables ................................................76

WARSCROLLS .............................................................78

Hedonite Host ...................................................................78
Supreme Sybarites .............................................................79
Epicurean Revellers ..........................................................79
Seeker Cavalcade...............................................................79
Keeper of Secrets ...............................................................80
Syll’Esske, the Vengeful Allegiance ...............................81
Shalaxi Helbane ................................................................82
The Contorted Epitome ...................................................83
Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh .....................84
The Masque ........................................................................85
Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh .......................................85
Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer ................................86
Hellflayer ............................................................................86
Bladebringer, Herald on Seeker Chariot .......................87
Seeker Chariots .................................................................87
Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted Chariot .....................88
Exalted Chariot .................................................................89
Fiends ..................................................................................90
Daemonettes ......................................................................91
Seekers ................................................................................92
Hellstriders with Claw-spears ........................................93
Hellstriders with Hellscourges .......................................93
Wheels of Excruciation ....................................................94
Mesmerising Mirror .........................................................94
Dreadful Visage ................................................................95

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES ..................................96

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting ser vices.

Chaos Battletome: Hedonites of Slaanesh © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Chaos Battletome: Hedonites of Slaanesh, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

ISBN: 978-1-78826-530-0

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
The endless revel of Slaanesh spills out from his palaces into the Mortal Realms. Its warriors have
countless beautiful deaths to bestow upon those who do not appreciate the Dark Prince’s gifts.


PAGEBREAK
THEY WHO SEEK EXCESS

The followers of Slaanesh take many forms, but every one of them is consumed with the thri l l of excess. In times
of war their obsessions reach lethal intensity, all semblance of sanity discarded as they plumb the depths of
indulgent violence. They may appear ecstatic, but the Hedonites of Slaanesh are cursed beyond all measure.

THEY WHO SEEK EXCESS

The Hedonites of Slaanesh thr i l l
at all forms of sensation, and the
more extreme that stimulus the
better. Though their ranks number
mortals as well as daemons, they are
united by a singular, supernatural
focus on their own desires for
excess. Hedonites wi l l compete
among themselves to perform the
most outrageous acts in service to
their dark deity, hoping that in the
perfection of their unrestrained
behaviour,
they wi l l
lend power
to their god, eventually setting
him free – and though it may be a
horrifying thought, they are right.
If the worshippers of Slaanesh
bring enough wi lfu l violence and
wickedness to the Mortal Realms,
in time they wi l l restore Slaanesh to
his former place in the Pantheon of
Chaos. The Dark Prince could then
use his calamitous imprisonment
as a means to infiltrate and conquer
the lands of his jailers, turning his
misfortune back upon itself. If he
succeeds in this, all of reality wi l l
pay the price, and the Hedonites wi l l
ride the swell of his pre-eminence
and become demigods in a cosmos
fu l l to bursting with delicious,
forbidden sensation.

push such an individual over the
edge into a spiral of obsession. A
small voice may cry out within the
soul, warning that all is not well
– that way lies madness. But it is
drowned out by the relentless tide
of temptation that emanates from
Slaanesh to lap against every mortal
with a personality given to the
slightest indulgence.

A savoured luxur y or secret treat,
formerly partaken of only as a
reward or during a celebration,
can all too easily develop into a
semi-regular fixture of a person’s
routine. As the mortal’s willpower
gradually erodes, those moments of
weakness become a daily occurrence,
and – as the claws of excessiveness
sharpen and sink in deep – the
sole focus of the supplicant’s
existence. Preoccupation leads to
intemperance, then decadence, then
debauchery. All proper duties and
innocent pursuits are put aside,
material possessions and even loved
ones bartered away so that the next
fix may come a few moments sooner.

experience at the exclusion of all
else, a dark metamorphosis can take
place, both within and without.
Their unspoken pact with Slaanesh
is all too often sealed with a blade,
for should the obsessive feel driven
to ki l l in order to protect or further
their grotesque vice, they pass
the point of no return. Those who
commit murder in the name of their
obsession complete their sinister
transformation into a Hedonite.
Their destiny from then on is to
cavort alongside fiends and monsters
in the service of a gloating, uncaring
god until they lie torn and forgotten
by the wayside.

Some, in the act of making their
desires central to their existence,
are rewarded with mutations and
strange powers by their divine
patron. These tend to further
the devotee’s ability to immerse
themselves in that vice, encouraging
them to wallow in their own
madness in a self-perpetuating
cycle until they embody their own
corruption to a supernatural degree.
Like the daemons of Slaanesh, they
grow into forms perfectly suited
to the acts of excess upon which
they feed, just as the deep-leeches
of Ghyran have adapted to feed on
the blood of those who stray into
their swamps.

Hedonites have grotesque anatomies
clad in sumptuous clothing and
bedazzling jewels. They sport ar tfu l
warpaint and cosmetic flourishes,
applied to features so distorted and
twisted that they strike a note of
horror into the heart. The mutants in
their ranks often have wide, orb-like
eyes, their giant pupils so dilated
they appear as wells of darkest black
that drink in every detail. Others
are noseless, their olfactory organs
gaping pits that channel every scent
straight into the brain, or have long
pointed ears so attuned to the hunt
they twitch in time to the heartbeats
of those they seek to slay. Long,
fluid-slicked tongues push out

WROUGHT IN
MORTAL FLESH

Though mortal Hedonites may
begin their journey to damnation as
simple thrill-seekers and sensualists,
they soon become enslaved to
their proclivities and addictions.
Everything wholesome and sound is
left behind, morality and even sanity
abandoned as a snake sloughs off its
skin, until only a living incarnation
of desire remains.

Those who regularly indulge
their secret vices unwittingly
empower Slaanesh, and are but a
hair’s breadth from his worship,
whether intentional or not. Even
a breathy word from a daemon of
Slaanesh, crossing the aether much
as a kiss blown from the lips, can

By this time it is too late, for
Slaanesh’s
claim upon that soul is
all but concrete. When all caution
is thrown to the wind, and the
corrupted individual reveals
themselves as a seeker of extreme


PAGEBREAK
from sensuous lips and elongated
maws to taste the air, delighting in
the banquet of the battlefield laced
with raging pheromones, the harsh
spike of gunpowder, and the acrid
tang of blood and sweat. Those with
enhanced kinaesthetic senses thr i l l
to the fu l l spectrum of touch, from
the gentle brushing of skin while
darting through the enemy battle-
lines, to the violent thrust of the
blade that takes an enemy leader’s
life in a blink.

INDULGENCE
GIVEN FORM

The daemons of Slaanesh that fight
alongside mortal Hedonites are,
in a sense, avatars of their god. All
daemons are formed of the same
spiritual essence as the deity they
serve; one can get a glimpse of the
beautiful yet repugnant nature of
the Dark Prince by witnessing the
creatures that serve him. They are
all possessed of a burning need to
bathe in every excessive act they can
conceive of, and bring about that
same need in their mortal prey.

The daemons of Slaanesh are usually
lithe and pale of skin, favouring the
most expensive gems, metals and
silks with which to decorate their
forms – even wearing tanned human
skin as fine leather. A fixation upon
material possessions is a vice like
any other, and vanity – or, rather,
outright narcissism – is among
Slaanesh’s
favourites. Ambitious and
self-aggrandising, his daemons do
ever ything they can to increase their
standing in the courts of their godly
master, whether through poisoned
words,
infighting, dark pacts or the
pursuit of genuine excellence. The
vector matters little, only the result –
and their elevated place among their
unhallowed kind.

Multiple arms and appendages
are common in the ranks of the
Slaaneshi daemons, each ending in a
razored claw or darting pincers that
can snip straight through a victim’s
limb in a burst of gory sensation.
Long, sinuous tails wrap around
their prey like serpents, constricting
to squeeze the life from them with
something that is half lover’s caress,
half murderer’s
stranglehold. To a

large extent a Hedonite daemon’s
anatomy is determined by their own
vicious drives and unwholesome
lusts, their forms a catalogue of
fleshy horrors that are not hidden,
but proudly adorned and put on
display for all to see.

THE HEDONITES AT WAR

The Hedonites of Slaanesh savour the
sensations of open war as a gourmet
savours rich food and wines. Small
wonder, when one considers the
intensity of experience to be enjoyed
in the thick of open conflict. On
the field of battle can be found
extreme terror, agonising pain,
fiercely burning hope and bloodlust
given free rein, and the Hedonites
delight in every nuance of hostility
as they deliver one perfect ki l l after
another. They are gluttons seeking
to ingest as much sensation as they
can, not caring how their blows
land, only that they do – and in
great measure. They often fight with
several weapons at once, tongues,
tails and other extremities spiking
out alongside scything talons and
slashing blades. The highest in
status sometimes ride blade-wheeled
chariots designed to deliver the
maximum amount of carnage as
quickly as possible.

To a devotee of Slaanesh, their
particular obsession seems to them
the only correct path to the glory of

the Dark Prince; those with other
priorities are considered simpletons
or barbarians unable to appreciate
the gifts of their absent patron. To
those who face the Hedonites on the
battlefield,
it makes little difference –
they see only a cavalcade of madness
racing towards them, howling and
shrieking in hideous glee as they
close in for the k i l l.

One of the strangest and most
unsettling aspects of the Hedonite
is that – despite the corruption they
wear so openly, and despite the aura
of blackest indulgence they emanate
– they are somehow alluring to
the mortal eye. Slender, naked
limbs entwine in languid gestures
as these daemons frolic and slink,
an unclean mirage of attraction
making it hard to tear the eyes
away. Those who prove weak-willed
wi l l find themselves stumbling
half-dazed into the waiting arms of
the Hedonites, believing they wi l l
experience a pleasure like no other.
They are soon disabused of the
notion, for instead of finding sensual
delights, they are slashed or torn
apart by the leering monstrosity that
held them spellbound a few moments
before. To a Hedonite, the screams
elicited by such a terrible revelation
are the sweetest music.

Though they consider themselves
fierce rebels and pioneers of
experience, all Hedonites are united
in the same ultimate agenda – to see
the realms reshaped as an endless
dark paradise. Unlike the servants
of the other Chaos Gods, they
would not have reality as a single,
all-encompassing annex of their
deity’s home territory,
for Slaanesh
fears boredom and uniformity more
than all other things. Instead they
would engender a million forms of
debauchery and over-indulgence,
constantly venturing further into
the depths of their own depravity –
much to their master’s enjoyment.
Regardless of what form these new
purgatories would take – and it is
uncertain that even Slaanesh knows
from one day to the next – they
would have one thing in common.
All semblance of decency, purity
and restraint would be outlawed,
a distant memory defined only by
failure and imminent death.


PAGEBREAK
There is no richer banquet than that of the battlefield, my unfaithful ones. There, one can glut oneself on carnage,
drink in the screams of the agonised, and taste the dying breaths of those one has so lovingly slain. Thrill to the
feeling of the blade splitting meat! Savour the wetness of the eviscerating claw! This is paradise, do you not see?


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE DEITY SLAANESH

The most insidious of the Chaos Gods, Slaanesh embodies the dark fates born from obsession. His w i l l does not
descend screaming upon his victims, nor manipulate them like some uncaring cosmic force. Instead it nestles
intimately within the soul, corrupting the secret hearts of mortals until they ultimately doom themselves.

THE DEITY SLAANESH

Eight realities were slowly spinning
in the void, each linked to the others
by the works of long-lost civilisations
– the Realmgates. They represented
eight futures for Slaanesh to corrupt
in his own image – eight never-
ending festivals of sensation to
sample, to devour, to sully and spit
back out as twisted reflections of that
which once had been pure. To the
wide and avaricious eyes of Slaanesh,
here was enough fodder to pass
several aeons of decadence without
once falling into repetition and
ennui. Together the Mortal Realms
represented a prize beyond measure.

Long ago, when the dreaming
cultures of the realmspheres took
form, the glimmering potential of
the Mortal Realms attracted the
eyes of a wanton god. That entity
was Slaanesh, at that point grown
powerful beyond measure on a stolen
ambrosia of aelven souls. At the time
of the shattering of the world-that-
was, Slaanesh had glutted himself on
the spirits of that ancient race to the
point that only a pitiful few survivors
escaped his hunger. He was all but
incapacitated by the act of gorging
himself so deeply. Where once he
might have savoured each sinful
soul that fell into his clutches, by
eating so many millions of spiritual
essences at one time he became
vast and swollen well beyond the
limits of Khorne’s
rage, Tzeentch’s
machination, and even Nurgle’s
cosmic corpulence. Yet still Slaanesh
longed for more, always more. His
appetites could never be sated,
just as
the stars would never cease to burn.

THE TIME OF PROMISE

As Slaanesh looked upon the
Mortal Realms, he felt a yearning
as never before. Tongues of solid
ichor licked at tapering fingers
that could feel every known
sensation in the universe at one
time. The god shuddered in eager
anticipation of the feasts to come,
cascades of liminal un-light rippling
through the aether to glimmer in a
thousand skies.

Though he was all but stupefied
by his epoch-ending feast, he
had minions aplenty to do his
perverse work in this new cosmos
of realmspheres and criss-crossing
portals, for Slaaneshi daemons of
every kind had sprung into being
as his power had grown. Here was a
new beginning, a new stage for the
endless acts of the Great Game to
take place upon, to be performed
with fresh vigour and imagination
by those that would fall under his
sway – and never break free from it.

And so Slaanesh emerged from his
digestive lethargy to leer over that
which would one day be his. He
sent forth his minions in glorious
cavalcades of excess, whooping and
shrieking as they pressed hungrily
against the veil between worlds. But
then Slaanesh spoke, and they fell
silent, billions of daemons prostrate
or sprawling as his words stimulated
every nerve, every sense, to the point
of ecstatic agony. His command was
for them to insinuate, to seduce, to
inveigle and enchant – to bring about
the corruption of mortals. So was the
Subtle War begun, and the demise of
empires put into dread motion.

THE DARK ONE COMETH

The minions of Slaanesh hunted
out those individuals who would
fall most easily to his influence, and
softly spoke into their minds. Their
whispers, these seeds of disaster,
found fertile ground in which to
lodge and grow – for the mortal
dwellers of these new realms were
no more immune to temptation,
obsession and excess than the people
of the world-that-was.

At first, Slaanesh sent only echoes
of sensation, strange compelling
scents and lilting tunes to presage his
coming. As he grew more fascinated
by these new realms, he bent more
and more of his power towards his
new feeding grounds. For a time,
the mortal pitfalls of self-interest,
wi lfu l delusion and naivety did
much of the work of concealing his
influence. By the time Slaanesh’s
victims grew aware of his dark work,
his cruel stoking of their obsessions
had brought them to the point
that they became all-consuming.
As once simple people developed
their civilisations, they no longer
found pleasure in simple things.
The laughter of their kith and kin,
the feel of sunlight upon the skin,
and the joy of an ale well-earned at
day’s end became no more thr i l ling
than a spatter of mud as they trod
their road to damnation. Slowly, but
with gathering momentum, cults of
luxur y and selfishness blossomed
behind closed doors.

Through gilded halls and exotic
debauches, Slaanesh’s daemons
found their way in. The hidden
cultist activity in the highest
echelons of society, that worship-
that-was-not-yet-worship, came to
a head. Cities writhed with vice.
Secret cliques revealed themselves,
exposing the extent of their
spread through civic and militar y
subcultures alike in shocking
bloodbaths. Entire societies fell into
downward spirals of murderous
excess. The corruption of new


PAGEBREAK
empires accelerated to the point
that even those who had no part
in it found they could not escape.
When the stuff of the Dark Prince’s
realm started to seep into reality,
the
patron god of all this degradation
revealed himself through twisted
works of art and mind-bending
prose. Soon the name Slaanesh
was spoken aloud in every realm.
Daemon and mortal supplicant rode
side by side, vying to cause the most
carnage possible in the name of the
ever-indulgent Dark Prince of Chaos.

So it was that the Hedonites were
born, and a great portion of the
Mortal Realms came to be claimed
by Slaanesh.

THE PRINCE OF CHAOS

As with all Chaos Gods, Slaanesh
is given animus by mortal emotion.
Where the other dark powers are
crystallisations of specific elemental
concepts, Slaanesh is lent form
and power not by the nature of
feelings and desires, but by their
degree. Everything taken to excess
empowers Slaanesh.

Slaanesh is hence indefinable by
mortal standards, perhaps more so
than any other Chaos God, for his
form and substance shift upon a
whim. In the art of the depraved he
is sometimes presented as a parody
of human desire. The deity is often
shown as a horned hermaphrodite
with one half male and the other
female, or a perfect, smooth-limbed
youth, without flaw but for the
abyssal darkness of two staring,
hypnotic eyes. The Dark Prince is
usually clad in sumptuous finery that
exaggerates rather than conceals,
though unlike his fellow gods, he
takes pains never to appear the
same way twice. Stranger portrayals
can be found in the sculptures and
drawings of Slaanesh’s devotees. In
the artwork of the Gelded Vizier
he is Oslaan, an immensely obese
glutton of indeterminate gender
with every inch of flesh covered in
obscene tattoos. In the scrawlings of
the Lunatic Adayahn, Bhan Gaddr,
he is Shlarranesh – a great white
serpent made of writhing bodies,
with four knife-tipped arms and a
screaming face hidden by the stolen

features of an impossibly serene
woman. In certain Hyshian schools
of enlightenment, he is represented
only by a melody, a strain of music
written upon a six-bar stave – for
many aelven survivors fear that the
very act of speaking his name could
draw his gaze. The Seraphon often
depict him as an angular spiral,
each twist in the icon symbolising
an act or decision that leads
further downward into the abyss of
corruption. The Stargazers of Ulthar
refer to him as Slaa-Nulthé, She
who Devours, an ever-staring eye
surrounded by a vortex of shrieking
maws. The Dark Prince is all these
things and more.

Slaanesh is drawn always to the
peripheries of the Mortal Realms, for
there the nature of that reality is at
its most extreme. At the Perimeter
Inimical can be found the purest
and most lethal incarnation of that
realm’s nature. For a mortal to stray
there is to court a transformative
disaster of the most spectacular
kind. These instances amuse
Slaanesh no end; of all the Chaos
Gods, it is Slaanesh that seeks to
claim the mutable, volatile territories
at the edge of each realmsphere
for his own. In many places these
surreal
landscapes lead straight into
Slaanesh’s domain – and likewise,
the domain of the Dark Prince bleeds
ever out into the Mortal Realms.

THE SCIONS OF
SLAANESH

Those who pray at the altar of excess
come from all walks of life, from
primitive shamans and the warlords
of bloodthirsty tribes, to the richest
sophisticates of the new cities. The
wanton indulgence of primal
lusts
appeals to many barbaric cultures,
as well as many civilised ones.
Musicians, artists, poets and dancers
can all be seduced by the desire to
perfect their skills. In doing so to
the exclusion of all else – even their
own humanity – they find Slaanesh.

The ranks of these ar tfu l sinners
are swollen by lost souls addicted to
certain substances and unwholesome
acts – those who gain momentary
fulfilment from debauchery, only
to find that they must surpass each
former iteration of their indulgence
to find true satisfaction. Some of
those who keep their double lives
or vices carefully hidden, upon
reaching the point of no return, turn
from secrecy to joyous and open
celebration of that which they once
sought so hard to hide. Those who
think themselves infallible, or who
rule with absolute authority, also
gravitate towards Slaanesh, for the
only thing true tyrants respect is an
even greater tyrant with the power to
depose them.

THE INEVITABLE TRUTH

Though Slaanesh is arguably the
youngest of the Chaos gods, he
was once the most powerful of
their number, and wi l l be again.
He has learned to thrive on
being underestimated, using the
predictable contempt of Khorne, the
generous sentimentality of Nurgle,
the treachery of the Horned Rat
and the self-defeating complexity
of Tzeentch to his advantage. In
their more paranoid moments, his
brothers have watched Slaanesh’s
conquests with great trepidation.
They secretly fear that their own
obsessions empower their brother,
for at their simplest and most
profound level, the Dark Gods are
the embodiments of all-consuming
ideals, mindsets and emotions.
There is always a suspicion that
the Dark Prince wi l l rise like a
sin-soaked phoenix from the fires
of incarceration to one day eclipse
them all in power – or worse still,
absorb them, making their excesses
and obsessions part of his own and
subsuming their territory into his
sovereign realm.

Each of the Chaos Gods tells himself
that could never be, but in the
darkest nights of the immortal soul,
scintillas of doubt glitter even in
their black hearts. And with that tiny
concession to his supremacy growing
within the minds of each of his rival
gods, Slaanesh’s
journey to ultimate
conquest has already begun.


PAGEBREAK
TO CAPTURE A GOD

TO CAPTURE A GOD

In overpowering might, there is weakness, just as in humility there is strength. The master stroke of the aelven
gods, whose people had suffered so greatly, was to turn Slaanesh’s
insatiable hunger against itself, in doing so
binding the Dark Prince in a twilight prison they thought inescapable. The truth, of course, was more complex.

It was once thought by the God-King
Sigmar that Slaanesh had consumed
the aelven race whole, and devoured
their ancestral gods alongside. There
is much truth to this, for during
the cosmos-racking cataclysm that
ended the World Before Time,
the aelven race was cut down to a
fraction of its former majesty. If
their empires were once vast golden
paradises, after the desolation only
a scorched patch of grass remained.
That once puissant race would never
be the same, reduced to a tattered
memory of its former grandeur.

But there were those of that ancient
people who, via the works of their
former pantheon, had found a
safe haven. They escaped the
doom that awaited them in the
gullet of Slaanesh, and reached
the realmspheres intact. Through
enchantments, miracles and
sorcerous artifice, these aelves had
made their way into the Mortal
Realms without being changed
or diminished in spirit. These
determined survivors propagated
in the hidden places of the realms,
keeping away from the prying eyes
of those they saw as lesser beings,
and teaching their children the
values, skills and cultures of their
lost world. They might never have
rejoined the wider civilisations of
the age were it not for the coming
of Sigmar, and his uniting of the
deities of man, duardin and aelf in a
single cause.

There were four aelven lords who
had attained godhood at the ending
of the world-that-was. These were the
Everqueen Alarielle, Lord Tyrion,
his brother Teclis, and the Shadow
King Malerion. Bound intrinsically
to the elemental forces they had
once commanded, they were one
with the stuff of magic. They were
not destroyed by the End Times,
but instead given new existences as
gods, and hurled into the wilderness
of Ghyran, Hysh and Ulgu. Sigmar’s
ambition was to unite these deities

into a Pantheon of Order : a godly
assemblage with might enough to
shape the realms for the good of all.
With this deific body of governance
he intended to rule all eight of the
Mortal Realms, and fight back
against the scourge of Chaos should
it ever rise again. His foresight was
not ill-placed, for wherever the
mortal races feel intense emotion,
the scourge of Chaos is never
far behind.

For a time, the aelven gods worked
with Sigmar to introduce civilisation
to the Mortal Realms. Slaanesh, once
considered the bane of the aelven
race due to their innate tendency to
give in to obsession, was so glutted,
so inebriated on the ambrosia of
souls, that the aelf gods were able
to work in the open without fear of
being consumed. Yet
that state did
not last. As the daemonic agents of
the Dark Prince began to erode the
purity and sanctity of the new age,
the aelf gods gathered their might for
the war they knew would be coming.

Alarielle was content to look to her
own defences. She had bonded with
the Jade Kingdoms of Ghyran and,
having taken the role of matriarch
to better watch over the natural

cycles of all living things, would not
abandon them. Her contemporaries,
however, made a grave pact to undo
the god that had devoured their race.
They gathered with their closest
confidantes – Tyrion, the Lord of
Lumination, consulted with his
brother Teclis, while Malerion, the
Shadow King, conspired with his
mother, the demigod Morathi. The
four met in secret, and prepared for
a great gamble that would either
see the aelven survivors safe from
Slaanesh’s predations, or damn their
race forever to oblivion.

THE PARADOXICAL TRAP

It speaks greatly of the vaunting
confidence – some would say
arrogance – of the aelven gods
that they put into motion a plan
of cosmic scale and ambition. In
that plan, they conspired to use
themselves as bait, for Slaanesh
would be unable to resist the rich
soul-fodder of the powerful aelf
deities, nor the act of conquest that
their consumption would represent.
To devour such potent beings would
cement Slaanesh’s position at the
forefront of the Great Game. And so
the Dark Prince slithered from his
lair, prowling the void in search of
the god-scent that had awakened his
all-consuming desire.

Slaanesh found his prey in Uhl-Gysh,
the Hidden Gloaming, a crepuscular
sub-realm suspended between those
of shadow and light. The aelven gods
had prepared long for his coming,
and together wove arcane bindings
from magical energy, the web-like
snares of darkest Ulguan energy
fashioned in perfect counterpoint to
arithmantic nets of Hyshian light.
Every aspect of the sorcerous trap
was a work of genius that only deities
with a consummate understanding
of the nature of magic could have
devised. To slay Slaanesh with realm-
magic was a feat even the aelf gods
would find impossible to achieve, but
the woven net of shadow and light


PAGEBREAK
presented another danger entirely –
something that not even Slaanesh, a
Chaos God and therefore one of the
greatest powers in the universe, had
thought to guard against.

With the culmination of a ritual
sixty-six years in the making,
Slaanesh was lured and bound in
paradox by the aelven fetters of
twilight held in perfect balance
between light and dark. He found
himself drawn in, enchained and
incarcerated between floating
obelisks inscribed with aelven
rune-phrases. His essence was
trapped howling in paroxysms of
wrath and ecstasy, as outraged at the
temerity of the newborn gods as he
was disgusted at his own failure to
comprehend the trap.

For a time, the cosmic snare was
a fantastic success. Slaanesh was
divorced from the seat of his
power in the Realm of Chaos,
and swiftly fell from grace. The
ever-burning lilac fires in his
temples, whose licking flames gave
pleasure as well as pain, flickered
and went out. Though Slaanesh’s
devotees continued to conquer

kingdom after kingdom in the
Mortal Realms, though praises
and sacrificial offerings were still
given up to their god, the leaders
of the Hedonite creed found their
prayers unanswered. The Slaaneshi
daemons that had forced their way
into the Mortal Realms became less
substantial, their connection to their
divine maker dwindling to a thread.
They were no longer united by his
will, and became haunted by the
weaknesses of division and strife,
within as well as without. From
the giddying heights of his victory,
Slaanesh had been broken upon the
altar of his own greed.

THE RESCUE BEGINS

The true price of Slaanesh’s mistake
became clear when the chains that
bound him proved not only to be
fetters, but barbed hooks.

Those magical conduits, driven
deep into the heart of the Dark
Prince’s essence, were devised as an
ingenious means by which Tyrion,
Teclis, Malerion and Morathi could
extract their lost kin from within
Slaanesh’s
form.

When it became clear that Slaanesh
could not escape his bounds, these
aetheric chains were manipulated
with rites and rituals, and carefully
employed to draw out the half-
digested remnants of the aelven
souls that were held in hellish limbo
within the Dark Prince. This was
the crowning achievement of the
aelf gods’ great venture, and though
some of those souls drawn painfully
forth were too corrupted or disparate
to save, others were successfully
remade. Through this endeavour,
the races of the Scáthborn and the
Idoneth came to be.

The aelf gods told one another that
they were taking back that which
was rightfully theirs, freeing their
beleaguered kindred from the
terrible fate that had befallen them.
But as time slid past, it became
obvious that the rescued souls
had been changed by their ordeal,
inside and out. The races of light
and shadow that the aelf deities had
envisaged bore the trauma of their
trials so deeply they could never
truly be healed. Slaanesh’s victory
over the aelves would live on in
them forever.


PAGEBREAK
FIENDISH PARADISES

FIENDISH PARADISES

The Realm of Chaos is a dimension of magic and raw emotion that feeds off the Mortal Realms, and each of the
Dark Gods has a territory there. Slaanesh’s domain is typified by elaborate architecture built on fleshy wastelands,
each more disturbing than the last. At its heart, six circular sub-realms are arranged around a godly palace.

While the other Chaos Gods
rarely welcome intruders to their
lands within the Realm of Chaos,
Slaanesh loves to tempt visitors
into his unnatural domain. He
takes great pleasure in watching
these unfortunates fall to the wiles
of his minions, or to the innate
dangers of the lands themselves. The
threats here are far from mundane,
being snares of great subtlety and
deviousness that cannot be thwarted
by martial skill. They do not unfold
swiftly, or with any kind of clarity,
instead gradually eating away at the
mind, the body and the soul. Once
mortals have sampled the pleasures
of Slaanesh’s
realm, they cannot
stop themselves from seeking even
more. Compelled to excess, they
think nothing of the consequences –
only of the pleasure that indulgence
brings. The fates of those who enter
Slaanesh’s
territory are all the more
terrible, for they wi l l never leave
unchanged,
if they leave at all. By
straying into this realm – even for a
second – a soul runs the risk of being
trapped for a torturous eternity.

THE SIX CIRCLES

The heart of Slaanesh’s
realm is
divided into six domains, arranged
in concentric rings around the Palace
of Slaanesh itself. Each of these is
a crystallisation of one of the Dark
Prince’s most celebrated desires, and
while they might be mistaken for
paradises, nothing could be further
from the truth. The domains of
Slaanesh possess a hypnotic allure
that can cause trespassers – even
those who are followers of the other
gods – to be trapped forever in their
strange realities. In this way they
form not only a celebration of those
aspects of reality Slaanesh finds
pleasing, but also act as his chief
defence. An intruder can only reach
the Palace of Pleasure, in the very
centre of Slaanesh’s
territory, by
passing through all six of the circles
– an act of will beyond most souls,
whether mortal or daemonic.

AVIDITY

The first circle of Slaanesh’s palatial
domain is that of Avidity. Here
can be found the spectre of greed
unmasked. Mountains of stacked
gold reach towards rainbow mosaics
made of gemstones set in the marble
vaults high above, and glittering
ingots and diamonds beyond
count litter the ground. Many a
star ving wretch scrabbles among
the shimmering hoard, attempting
to count the innumerable gold
coins. Their sallow faces twist with
mounting greed until their piles
topple. Weeping,
they are forced
to start over again. At every corner
and crossroad stand gilded statues,
some of beautiful Slaanesh, others
of daemons and mortals trapped
in blissful ecstasy. The trails in the
diamond dust underfoot betray the
fact that the statues were once flesh
and blood. Those who so much as
touch a single coin with the intention
of taking it for their own wi l l be
forever damned to join the wretched
misers at their feet – or the living
statues that loom above them.

GLUTTONY

Beyond a strip of land comprised
of trillions of golden teeth are the
shores of a vast lake of dark wine.
This lake is dotted with pallid islands
formed from the backs of giants,
each linked by criss-crossing bridges.
The backwards hands of each giant
hold up tables that groan under the
weight of lavish feasts. Each island
is dotted with mortals gorging
themselves on the banquets before
them, wide-eyed and desperate in
their hunger, no matter how much
they eat. At the shoreline, others
tr y to gulp down the lake itself.
The bloated and the obese moan in
pain as they cram ever more food
and drink into their wine-stained
mouths, but they can never sate the
gnawing void inside. The only escape
is death – that is, to consume so
much, and so quickly,
that they join
the grisly remains of those who have
physically burst apart.

CARNALITY

Across the other side of this
darksome lake can be found fields
of golden light and soft hay, where
lissom and beautiful youths of
every race, gender and form frolic
naked but for wisps of silk. This is
the Circle of Carnality. The faces
and fertile forms of the dancers
are impossibly sensual, moulded
to match the desires of those who
witness them, and they make their
sport amid the hallucinogenic musk
of the lithe beasts that cavort with
them. These crooning simulacra
gather around those who stray
among them, stroking their skin
with tender caresses and whispering
of the sweet, carnal pleasures they
wi l l give to them. Their beguiling
beauty hides needle teeth and long
claws sharpened on bone. Only those
with a mind strong enough to look
past these illusions to see the severed
limbs and heads that lie underfoot
can read the horrible truth behind
the honeyed lies.

PARAMOUNTCY

Should a traveller fight their way
through the suggestive contours
of the foothills ahead, they might
pass into the Circle of Paramountcy.
There they find themselves emerging
upon a balcony to be greeted by
roars of adulation and approval.
Armies so vast their numbers are
beyond counting stretch across an
endless plain,
listening in fevered
anticipation for their new liege’s
commands of conquest. Kings,
nobles and master artisans nod
in obsequious anticipation, and
those figures of authority who once
commanded the traveller’s fealty
stare raptly upwards from smaller
balconies of their own, motioning
for the new arrival to speak. But
to look deep into the eyes of these
facsimiles is to see the despair
beneath. Behind the masks of power
and self-assurance is an eternal,
nagging paranoia, gnawing suspicion
and hidden doubts that are acid to
the soul.


PAGEBREAK
The circles of Slaanesh’s

realm are full of hateful whispers, yells of agonised ecstasy and screams of soul-thrilling pain.

VAINGLORY

Beyond that domain of false
supremacy lies the mesmerising
woodland paradise that is the
Circle of Vainglory. This maze of
pathways is thick with scented
flowers and heavy with thorns. The
gentle, fragrant breeze whispers of
past glories, a constant reminder
of the best and most well-earned
victories of the listener’s life thus far.
Deadliest of all are the memories
of circles already conquered and
temptations unheeded, and every
step the traveller takes with a
prideful heart leads them further
astray. Mirrored pools reflect
trespassers as a shining ideal of what
they wish to become. In the distance,
tortured figures stare at their own
reflections, unable to tear their gaze
away, each held immobile by the
undergrowth and the whispering
thorn-children that have insinuated
themselves into their flesh. The only
way for a trespasser to escape from
this circle’s
lures is to think solely on
their defeats, their own humility and
their ultimate irrelevance. Should
they be strong enough to do so, the
path through the maze wi l l writhe
and straighten out before them,
leading to the final test.

INDOLENCY

An endless beach stretches at the
threshold of the Circle of Indolency.
There, heavenly choirs sing soothing
lullabies as a perfumed sea laps at
the fortress walls of the mind. The
wanderer’s bones cry out for rest,
even if only for a moment, no matter
how stalwart or tireless the traveller
may be. The warmth of the golden
sun above calms the soul, even as
the tide begins to erode the will.
Here, tired eyes can barely stay open,
but there are those who have vision
clear enough to see the dreadful
truth: the bone-white sand is made
from the remains of those who have
rested here and fallen into a coma of
blissful inactivity.

THE PALACE
OF SLAANESH

Should a trespasser leave the sands of
Indolency behind, they might make
their way towards the shimmering
palace in the distance. There is the
seat of the Dark Prince himself.
An impossibly tall fortress atop a
slender, twisted pillar of rock, its
living towers entwine like a nest
of serpents in some unnatural act
of congress. To stray within its

archways is to find decadence and
luxur y beyond imagining.

Surrounding Slaanesh’s
inner
sanctum is a great toroidal hall
known as the Temple of Twisted
Mirrors. Here, every surface is
hung with mirrors that reflect one
another until the point of infinity.
This was once Slaanesh’s
favoured
place of introspection, for these
looking glasses distort the image of
the viewer in every conceivable way,
some reflecting them as a being of
angelic purity, others as the darkest
possible incarnation. For a mortal
to gaze into one of these mirrors
is to see themselves reflected over
and over to the point of fractal
dissolution, to witness a myriad
iterations of the self – and ultimately
to become no more than a screaming
mirage trapped within.

Most of the sanctums and throne
rooms beyond this hall, once lushly
appointed and filled with echoing
screams, are now empty of anything
but the lingering musk of orgies past.
The nigh-omnipotent god that once
ruled this nightmare palace is gone,
and only a garrison of his most loyal
retainers waits for his return.


PAGEBREAK
INVADERS

INVADERS

The horizon bristles with blades and icons at the coming of the Invaders, for they hoist the banners of conquest
every new day. They live for the thri l l of war, never stopping to rest or to build. Instead, rival warlords strive to
outdo one another, sacking cities, tearing down empires and slaughtering all those in their path.

The majority of those who serve
Slaanesh are known as Invaders, for
they seek conquest in all its forms. It
is well known among the Hedonites
that a battle can be a source of
intense stimulus for those addicted
to raw sensation. There can be found
deafening noise and blinding light,
thr i l ling hope and crushing despair,
masochistic pain and sadistic
pleasure. The Invaders drink in every
nuance, glutting themselves on the
most extreme experiences. Of all the
hosts of Slaanesh, the Invaders are
the most besotted with war. They
are infatuated with the act of ki l ling ,
their eyes lighting with glee as they
take life after life. In this, they are to
be truly feared. There is no chance of
escape, nor of buying time through
flattery, nor of promising fealty in
exchange for mercy. Once an Invader

has chosen their victim, they wi l l
do ever ything in their power to ki l l
their quarry, even should it mean
their own demise.

On a wider scale, the Invaders are
preoccupied with the prospect of
capturing territory,
then defiling it
and corrupting it as they pass. They
lay waste to ever ything in their path,
taking pride in the utter desolation
they leave behind. This is not done
in an unthinking or automatic
fashion,
like the red wake of those
devoted to Khorne, or the repulsive
corpse-swamp left in the path of the
followers of Nurgle. Instead it is a
work of art, the battlefield a canvas
upon which the Invaders sew their
tapestry of disaster.

To aid them in this endeavour,
they
venerate relics that were used during
the grandest victories of the Dark
Prince. Some have been known to
wield them against their enemies,
or even to summon the
conjuration known as the
Dreadful Visage – a
living mask once
worn by Slaanesh
himself – to aid
them in battle.

In the wake of an Invaders host,
ar tfu l ly dismembered cadavers are
left in grisly tableaux. Some are
arranged in symmetrical patterns –
whorls, spirals and rows of hacked-
off limbs planted in great profusion
like a field of hideous cacti. Others
are left entangled, decapitated heads
swapped one for another,
the bodies
of riders entwined with those of
their steeds or arranged in formal
clinches as if to hint at a courtly
dance of death. In this kind of act
the Hedonites of Slaanesh find a
hideous mirth, but also worship,
for
they know their deific master takes
pleasure of his own in their twisted
acts and black excesses.

In many ways, the Invaders consider
themselves traditionalists in their
devotion to the Dark Prince. It
is their belief that by conquering
as much of the Mortal Realms
as possible, they wi l l empower
Slaanesh, and give him the strength
he needs to break his bonds from
within. There are countless millions
of these warriors abroad in the
realms, at times leaving the circles of
Slaanesh all but empty.

The Invader Hosts have changed
their ways but little since realising
their deity ruled in absentia – some
even deny that he is missing at all,


PAGEBREAK
and consider the whole thing an
elaborate hoax staged by one of their
rivals to undermine their connection
to the divine. They reason that the
daemons of Slaanesh are sentient
extensions of their patron’s will, so
surely Slaanesh cannot have been
destroyed if so many yet serve him.

Because the Invader hosts are so
prolific throughout the Mortal
Realms, they have uncounted
numbers of figureheads, would-be
leaders and aspiring conquerors at
the forefront of their ranks. Each is
a fierce rival of the others, despising
and working against those that
would rise above them. In times of
relative peace, these competitions
for influence have the Machiavellian
complexity, subtlety and lethal
intrigue of those that once took
place in the Palace of Slaanesh.
When on the warpath, however,
they escalate into blistering shouting
matches,
in which insults and abuse
are screamed in raw hatred. The
intensity and inventiveness of the
barbs traded by rival Invaders is
so severe they would make even
an Aqshian sulphur-worker gag in
repulsion and shock. Some have been

known to make the ears of mortals
bleed with their sheer viciousness.

Hosts of Invaders are usually
led by Keepers of Secrets. These
greater daemons see themselves as
Slaanesh’s prophets, whose duty it is
to go forth to spread the word of the
Dark Prince and despoil the lands to
better reflect his preferences. At first,
the Keepers may work well alongside
their fellows, telling themselves that
the ultimate goal of empowering

Slaanesh is so important they must
put aside their hateful feelings about
their rivals. This never lasts for long,
for a Keeper of Secrets can no more
be truly selfless than a Shyishan
kraken can survive in the blinding
deserts of Hysh. Before long, the
sniping, backbiting and competing
begins, each warlord tr ying to outdo
the others and rise as supreme ruler.

Should one of the figureheads that
claims leadership over an Invaders
host fall, their followers are claimed
by the nearest rival. The power that
belonged to the defeated warlord is
transferred to the leader that claimed
his vanquished rival was inferior
all along. Whether this happens
through a natural process of the
strongest sur viving, or through some
mystical benediction of Slaanesh, is
the subject of much debate among
the Hedonites. The most influential
of their number are undeniably
blessed, even if only with good luck,
for they have seen dozens of would-
be challengers perish before their
eyes – and with each triumph their
power base grows until they have not
one army, but dozens, at their beck
and ca l l.

T he ancient temple resounded to shrill screams,
whooping howls and the dissonant blare of
horns. The thunder of toppling rock provided
a bass note to the skirling melodies and ululating
war cries, as statues of the God-King were toppled,
defaced, straddled and spat upon by the Slaaneshi
host spilling into the vaulted naves. Three tall figures,
each clad in bizarre finery, strode to the fore.
‘In a matter of a few sublime moments,’
said the
tallest, the queenly Herald of the Gourmands, with
red-lipped mouths in place of her eyes, ‘I shall claim
the heads of Sigmar’s chosen.’ The tongues of all three
mouths protruded, tasting age-old stone and mildew.
‘Says she who sees nothing, but licks every thing, like
a cataracted hound,’
said the three-armed Mistress
of the Slakers to her left. The cavernous nostril in the
centre of her face flared w ide. ‘Tell me, Salia, how
taste the ashes of imminent defeat? ’
‘You risk comparing Salia to a hound, Vence-tiss? ’
chuckled a third, an oil-muscled, tusked androgyne
with a chain-whip in each hand.
‘Too easy. It is you
who snuffles at every whiff of bodily essence, and
who becomes intoxicated by the scent of your own
souring ordure.’
‘Rather a bloodhound than a boar,’
archly.
‘Homonym intended.’
There was a flare of energy at the hear t of the

said Vence-tiss

temple, bolts of amethyst lightning crackling upwards
to form a dome of force. The Slaaneshi host was
already charg ing, weapons and banners raised, as the
Stormcast Eternals strode out. Their black silhouettes
resolved into grave, plate-armoured figures, ornate
skulls painted upon their masks.
‘Wonder ful,
it’s the sombre ones,’
said Bhavari
dolefully, cracking both whips at once.
‘Come,
Fanebreakers,
let’s teach them how to live a little
before they die.’
Leaping forwards, the Herald span like a top, chain-
whips whirling. The spiked links slammed into three
winged Stormcasts just as they took flight. Tangled,
they came clattering to the ground, and Bhavari
wrenched the whips back so hard the Stormcasts were
pulled along the flagstones and into a nearby throng
of Daemonettes. Then an arrow the size of a harpoon
appeared in Bhavari’s chest. The Herald toppled, and
was hauled back into the ranks of its fellow daemons.
Vence-tiss breathed out a billowing cloud of musk,
and the disciplined Stormcast shieldwall that had
formed in front of her clattered away in disarray. She
dar ted forwards, thin blade taking one, two, three
of the armoured warriors. Then the shields of the
Stormcast Eternals closed in around her.
‘Well and good,’
said Salia,
‘All
the more for me.
Gourmands, let the feast beg in!’


PAGEBREAK
PRETENDERS

PRETENDERS

The Pretenders of Slaanesh consider themselves to be deities, and to those that see them fight, that claim has a ring
of truth. These living, breathing idols can tear even drakes limb from limb. They are always in the thick of the fray,
for they think themselves immortal and infallible – a notion reinforced by their faithful host of worshippers.

his would-be successors from doing
ever ything in their power to play the
role, nor does it stop their egos from
becoming so colossal they act as
gods in ever ything they do. And to
the followers that trail in their wake,
offering adulation at every step, they
may as well be.

Pretenders are universally
egomaniacs, utterly psychopathic
and dedicated in the pursuit of
their goal. They stride into battle
as if parading down the central
aisle of a regal wedding, arms held
out in gestures of benediction or
acceptance. Their armies applaud
and roar in approbation, hoping
their living idol wi l l bless them
with a glance from beneath hooded,
painted eyelids. Some wi l l use their
own followers as bait, as chattel,
as living shields or even simply as
food in the furtherance of their
own glory. A Pretender thinks
nothing of sacrificing a hundred
adoring worshippers, for there wi l l
always be more to take their place,
and callousness has ever been the
province of those who are truly
godly. Others know their power
is linked to the strength of those
who believe in them, and wi l l seek
to deliver a swift and savage death
to the leader of the enemy army,
hoping that in proving their right
to ultimate power they wi l l win
a new congregation from among
the army that once opposed them.
These warlords, upon securing such
a victory, give their enemies a stark
choice – worship them as a god, or be
tortured to death in the dir t.

Every Pretender is followed by a
vast assemblage of sycophantic
supporters and worshippers that
consider their idol’s delusion to
be the unvarnished truth. These
followers exist in a state of constant
rapture,
for they are able to look
directly upon their deity at any time
they choose. Simply by approaching
their idol in a state of supplication,
the simpering Hedonites feel the

The Slaaneshi warlords known as
Pretenders are obsessed with one
thing above all else – themselves.
These are individuals so completely
sure of their own supremacy that
they believe themselves not only
to be the ultimate example of their
kind, nor even to be demigods – but
to be true deities in waiting. They
reason that, with Slaanesh missing,
they are rightful contenders to take
his place in the Chaos Pantheon
alongside the other Ruinous Powers
– they are literally pretenders to the
Dark Prince’s
throne.

Needless to say, Pretenders hugely
overestimate their own importance
in the Great Game. Should Slaanesh
break his bonds, it is likely that his
first act would be to swallow every
claimant to his position, be they
mortal or daemon. Conversely,
should one of these warlords
somehow become so powerful that
they could pose a genuine threat to
the other Chaos Gods, they would
likely be undone in a matter of days.
Only Slaanesh himself can rightfully
claim to be the nemesis of the other
Dark Gods. But that does not stop


PAGEBREAK
attack each other on sight. Their
delusions of godhood cannot bear
any aspersion, after all. When one
is laid low, their followers too are
despatched – only those with the
wisdom and adroitness to quickly
turn their coats and somehow
ingratiate themselves into the favour
of their new master wi l l survive.

glory of their patron shining upon
them, and maybe even be graced
with a touch – an act that wi l l
likely send them into ecstasies
of gratification. In the hope of
that semi-divine blessing, they
offer servitude, body and soul,
to the Pretender they worship,
pouring out flattery with as much
inventiveness and originality as
the figureheads of the Invaders
craft their insults. Ritual sacrifices,
ar tfu l performances, and favours
of all kinds are showered upon the
Pretender,
for the approval of a
godling is a potent stimulant – and
displeasing them is a lethal mistake.

On the battlefield, the followers of
these towering idols strive to impress
their patron with acts of extreme
violence, hoping desperately for a
word of approval – or better yet,
to fight alongside their living god.
Mirrors of all kinds are common
in these entourages, ranging from
the devices wielded by Contorted
Epitomes to the Mesmerising
Mirrors that can be summoned from

Slaanesh’s
temples to capture the
souls of the foe.

Should a Pretender be slain, a great
wail wi l l rise up from the ranks
of their followers. The throng wi l l
tear and rip at ever ything around
them in their anguish, convinced
that Slaanesh is truly dead, and that
nothing holds any value save for
utter oblivion and a sweet release
from existence. They become nigh
suicidal in their deep and bitter
heartbreak – that is, until another
Pretender strides proudly over the
horizon to claim their allegiance.
The false god of yesterday is
forgotten, and the new incarnation
of Slaanesh becomes the focal point
of their existence.

Pretenders are fiercely jealous of
their status, and assume that all
others of the same rank seek to tear
them down due to envy and bitter
spite. On the few occasions that two
such individuals meet, they wi l l
fight to the death, much as some
rare species of fish or insect wi l l

‘W hat in the Eight Realms is that thing? ’
Odlec Rendersen looked out over the
rolling, autumnal fields towards the
woods beyond, squinting at the immensity that was
even now emerging from the shadow of Oaken Ridge.
‘Some kind of daemon, like enough,’
replied Grigg
the Shoveller, exper tly reloading the cannon on the
cog-fort’s dorsal cupola.
‘Whatever it is, it’s dead.’
Rendersen wasn’t so sure about that. The sound of
chanting – that damnable, repetitive chanting that
had robbed his sleep for the last three days – was
growing louder, as if goading the monstrous thing that
had emerged from the woods to action. He knew it too
well, by now. Its cadence was impossible to get it out
of his head.
‘Charr-Sha-Gansa Slan-a-zar!’ The same
phrase, over and over. He’d found himself saying
it now and again, when no-one else was around.
‘Charr-Sha-Gansa Slan-a-zar!’
‘I’ ll bet a month’s wages it’s called Charsha-gansa
Slarna-something,’
said Timerick, the youngster
sent to act as their powder monkey. Odlec shot him a
black look, then stared back out at the field. A shaft of
light was streaming through the cloud-choked skies,
illuminating the creature as if the heavens themselves
were looking directly upon it. It was perhaps for ty feet
tall, with six slender limbs and an elongated, bovine
head. It gave a low moan as if in anticipation as it
broke into a graceful, loping run. Somehow, despite
its hideous anatomy,
it was the most beautiful thing

it felt way

Odlec had ever seen.
Grigg’s bass tone broke his reverie. ‘Well? ’
‘Right!’ said Odlec, tugg ing at his clothing;
too tight.
‘Yes! Open fire!’
The cannon boomed a moment later,
the explosive
cylinder hurtling towards the thing even as its brother
gun spoke a second later. The towering white daemon
leaned to one side with impossible quickness, the first
shot whipping past its hip, which was adorned with
piercings. The other shell it caught in its claw as if it
were snatching a falling leaf from the air.
‘Grungni’s beard,’ breathed Odlec. ‘That’s not good.’
He watched w ide-eyed as the creature raised the
iron cylinder to its maw,
leaned back its head, and
swallowed it, before licking its lips in satisfaction.
Then, with a great roar of adulation, hundreds of pale,
near-naked revellers poured out from the treeline.
Some were human, some half-beast in the manner of
the forest people. Others were daemonic. Nothing else
could look so vile and so alluring all at the same time.
Yet they were but insects next to the magnificence of
their lord.
After another few seconds of watching the titanic
god stride forwards, Odlec nodded as if finally
confirming a supposition. Then, slicking back his hair
with spit and straightening his Ironwelder’s apron, he
abandoned his position and went downstairs to open
the por tcullis, a singular phrase upon his lips that he
muttered louder and louder until it became a shout.
‘Charr-Sha-Gansa Slan-a-zar!’


PAGEBREAK
GODSEEKERS

GODSEEKERS

The air is rent by shrill screams as the Godseekers hurtle towards the foe with blades and teeth bared. They believe
the scent of Slaanesh is upon the wind, though perhaps it is simply the reek of their own excess. These killers are
inhumanly swift, and to witness the spectacle of their mounted charge is to feel icy terror in the blood.

A Godseeker assault manifests as
a thrashing storm of blades that is
all but inescapable. These hellish
cavaliers excel at high-speed warfare,
and their long-limbed Steeds are
faster than the swiftest horse. Those
who turn and flee, their instinct
telling them flight is their only hope,
only encourage the Godseekers in
their wild, unrestrained lust for the
chase. For though these speed-
maddened hellions claim to be
searching for Slaanesh with every
thought and deed, in truth they revel
in the hunt, and would be bereft
without it.

The Godseekers are at the fore of
those who believe Slaanesh can be
found, wherever or whenever he may
be – and that in finding and him,
they can slay those who hold him
captive, and hence wi l l be foremost
in his favour. The slightest clue
or rumour as to the absent god’s

whereabouts wi l l see the Godseekers
driven into a frenzy of excitement,
yammering and shrieking as they
work themselves up into a state of
religious ecstasy. Mounting up on
their slender, serpentine Steeds
of Slaanesh and their stripped-
down, blade-wheeled chariots,
the Godseekers hurtle off on their
endless journey once more.

More than in any other Slaaneshi
subculture, the mutations of
the Godseekers tend towards
exaggerated sensory organs.
Flaring nostrils or raw and open
nasal cavities are common, as are
bulging eyes, pointed ears and

flicking tongues that wind and curl
as they savour the essence of all
living creatures nearby. Their senses
transcend the usual mortal limits
– there are those Godseekers that
can taste souls, smell emotions, and
even see the formation of ideas and
innovations as tiny flares of light.
Such extra-sensory perception only
increases their skill as hunters – it
is said that a Godseeker cavalcade
can track flying creatures as easily as
they can earth-bound prey,
follow a
vessel’s path across open ocean, and
even regain the trail of creatures that
sought escape through a Realmgate.

The rumours upon which the
Godseekers thrive are extracted
painfully from a variety of victims,
but the finest usually come from
kings, sorcerers and seers. The
grander and more luxuriant the
prey,
the more they are likely to
have knowledge of some artefact,

‘T hey flee!’ shouted Ferrageaux the Relentless.
‘Praise Almighty Slaanesh, they flee!’
A great cry went up from the cavalry host,
the air riven by a sound like a firecracker display as
whips snapped out and claws clacked together by the
hundred. The Steeds of Slaanesh that bore them to war
accelerated, tongues lashing.
Ahead, a score of Idoneth riders bent low over their
undulating Fangmoras, the eel-like things swimming
through the humid air as if underwater. Ferrageaux
could see their tension – their terror – in their
hunched forms and shaking fingers. Here and there
Akhelian gunners would turn their harpoon arrays
on the Slaaneshi host from the back of a shark-like
Allopex or from the pods of the giant Lev iadon in their
midst. The shots were hurried, badly aimed for aelven-
kind. Yet the mass of Godseekers chasing them was
so dense the majority hit home, pitching Daemonette
riders from their saddles. They were stampeded by
their fellows, caught up in the blades of the chariots,
and dissipated in sprays of purple ichor.
The cliffs that represented freedom for the Idoneth
were coming closer now. A glittering wave of energy
cascaded from the aelves and crashed into Ferrageaux
and his kin, bowling dozens of riders into the dir t –
but the most dexterous leaped and vaulted over the
tidal pulse as if hurdling a fence.

Ferrageaux dug in spurs fashioned in the icon of
Slaanesh, feeling his Steed writhe between his thighs
in a mixture of pain and pleasure. The tension
as to whether they would outrun their pursuers
was palpable, delicious, and mounting with every
excellent second. Where the rearmost Fangmora
riders struggled to keep up with their kin, Seekers
and Hellflayers closed the gap, snapping their claws
around the tails of the eel-creatures and yanking
them backwards. Riders and Steeds alike were slashed
to ribbons in gory explosions as if forced hard into
a meat-churner.
‘Now!’ shouted Ferrageaux. Ahead of the Idoneth,
a vast Keeper of Secrets crawled over the lip of the
cliff,
limbs scissoring the lead riders apar t even
as it clambered onto one knee, then the other. The
Fangmora riders scattered in disarray, and in
doing so, were caught by the hurtling cavalcade of
Godseekers behind them. In seconds, the smell of spilt
blood was thick in the air.
‘Keep some alive!’ shouted Ferrageaux. He prayed
there would be some left; if any souls knew where
Slaanesh was held, it was the Idoneth, and through
the proper application of exquisite agony even they
would y ield their secrets eventually.
Then he shrugged, drew his blades, and joined
the slaughter.


PAGEBREAK
If the Godseekers realise this they do
not admit it to themselves, for they
would do literally anything to sit
alongside Slaanesh when he returns
to his throne. Those who seek to
stop them wi l l be visited with a
hurricane of blades as the indignant
Keeper carves its way through any
standing in the way of its perceived
destiny. Those they consider beneath
their efforts are often set upon by
the fabled Wheels of Excruciation
– sorcerous flocks of living, bladed
discuses that spin through the air to
tear mortal creatures into slivers of
bleeding flesh.

within the jail of a resplendent palace
is a flawed conceit, for how could
a god be held in such a mundane
prison? Indeed, given Slaanesh’s
sheer power, the truth of this seems
inescapable. Yet
the Godseekers
never examine this too closely,
instead egging each other on so that
they never have to stop for long. The
sumptuous,
intoxicating despair
that they experience when a lead is
proven false is but another sensation
in which to wallow, as is the slow
dawn of optimism, and the gradual
acceleration of hope that leads to
another headlong, manic charge.

Of late, the Godseekers have
gathered in Ulgu more than in any
other Mortal Realm. Something
has changed there, and there can
be detected the faintest of scents
on the wind. It is so weak that were
it not for the heightened senses of
the Godseekers, even these expert
hunters might have remained
oblivious of it. Yet word has spread
via fleet-footed messengers and the
fever dreams of those who have
gorged themselves insensible – the
divine spoor of the Dark Prince
titillates the mists of Ulgu, and
somewhere in that umbral realm, a
clue to Slaanesh’s whereabouts can
be uncovered.

Unfortunately for these would-be
consorts of Slaanesh, the Dark
Prince has been sequestered with
sublime skill by the aelf gods, and
locating him is a nigh impossible
task. In truth, he is not in any of the
Mortal Realms, is not present in any
domain that the Godseekers comb
for signs of his presence. The very
idea that Slaanesh might be found
trapped in some deep cavern or

spell or facet of existence that hints
towards the location of the absent
god. Because of this the Godseekers
quest not for lone travellers,
scattered refugees or paupers
that make a living from the dirt.
Instead they are drawn towards the
largest and most successful of the
armies and processions that roam
the Mortal Realms. A travelling
force that makes its way through
the wilderness with pomp and
circumstance, pennants fluttering
high and sun gleaming from
polished armour, makes for a choice
target for the Godseekers. Even when
badly outnumbered they engage
with a terrifying single-mindedness,
charging pell-mell into the enemy
ranks. They are no more caring of
their own safety than a stampede
of frenzied bulls, for even should
they dash themselves to pieces on
the enemy defence, they would have
died in an act of sublime excess –
and in that moment, come closer to
Slaanesh than ever before.

The Keepers of Secrets that believe
their route to ultimate power is to sit
at the right hand of Slaanesh usually
become Godseekers. They believe
that in locating Slaanesh first, and in
helping him break his bonds to rise
once more to godly prominence, they
wi l l win the immortal favour of the
Dark Prince and become his blessed
second forever more – perhaps even
share his innermost chambers, and
delight in the utmost depravity
alongside him for the rest of time. In
this they are deluded, for Slaanesh is
by his nature unfaithful, and today’s
favourite is tomorrow’s dismal reject.


PAGEBREAK
A GOD IN CHAINS

A GOD IN CHAINS

Slaanesh has had long centuries to dwell upon the iniquities of his imprisonment. Over that time he has sought
not just to get free, but to turn the binding magic of his jail against those who keep him in chains – and in doing
so, claim two of the eight Mortal Realms for his own. Of late, much progress has been made…

For centuries Slaanesh languished in
the twilight sub-realm of Uhl-Gysh.
During the latter part of the Age
of Chaos, his brothers in darkness
consolidated their grip on reality to
the extent that they almost claimed
it completely. Meanwhile, Slaanesh
was powerless to truly capitalise on
Sigmar’s absence and the collapse
of the Pantheon of Order. Trapped
between realms where his Hedonite
worshippers could not find him, his
titanic emotions raged from bitter
wrath to masochistic joy, from
devious contemplation to roaring,
oath-swearing bellicosity.

Slaanesh strained against the chains
that had burrowed into his essence,
feeling every soul extracted by the
arts of Tyrion and Teclis as a strand
of his essence pulled painfully out.
The sensation of hollowness was
indescribable. On a physical
level
it was a hundred times worse than
the agony a mortal man might feel
if one of his intestines was pulled
slowly through a hole in his gut. On
a spiritual
level, it was akin to the
death of beloved offspring. Over and
over the process was repeated. The
aelven gods gathered their people
once more, altered in body and soul
and sometimes unsalvageable, but
free from Slaanesh nonetheless.

FROM THE PITS
OF DESPAIR

No other being, not even another
god, could have endured that long
ordeal without losing their sanity
and coming apart altogether.
But Slaanesh was defined by his
ability to thrive in intensity,
to
find satisfaction in anguish, and
enlightenment in the most desperate
of times. After the first few decades
of simultaneously revelling in
intense agony while also being
tortured by it, he began to detach
part of his mind, to seek a path out
of his confinement. More than that,
he sought to turn his situation to
his advantage. Perhaps this, the

greatest of falls from grace, could be
transformed into a rise to a new level
of power – for in dwelling within the
most secret territory of the aelves, he
had a new way into their worlds. If
he could overcome their most potent
enchantments, they would have no
chance of escaping his influence.
As his plan took form, the physical
aspect of Slaanesh that had been
reduced to a swirling nebula – a
vortex of soul energy in a vast body
of twilight – pulsed brightly. There
was still a chance, however slim, that
through defeat he could find victory.

Over the next few centuries, Slaanesh
cast forth that part of his essence
he had freed from the quagmire of
pain and despair. Though he was too
tightly bound by sorcery to bring
more than a sliver of his power to
bear, he came in dreams to his most
favoured Hedonites, granted visions
to his sorcerers and released many
of those mortals driven mad within
the six circles to blight reality in his
name. Always the contact he made
was fleeting, and those he reached
guarded their knowledge so that they
alone might profit.

Still, Slaanesh set into motion a
hundred schemes that would see
him inch towards freedom. In his
spiritual visitations he skimmed
the minds of scholars who were
researching him in Hysh and Ulgu.
Thinking the nemesis of their
forefathers a danger long past, they
had let their curiosity blossom as
they gazed into the abyss. And from
his prison in the void, Slaanesh
stared back.

The chains hooked into the Prince
of Chaos, fashioned of a fusion of
shadow and light magic, had no true
physical form – for what material
fetter could hold the strength of
a raging god? Instead they were
composed of pure and unsullied
magic taken from the edges of their
respective realms. They had been
devised by the hermetic arts of the
godly archmage Teclis, strengthened
by the immutable truths of Tyrion,
and quenched in the umbral powers
of Malerion and Morathi. There was
not a single microcosmic aspect of
them that resonated with any kind
of Chaos, for the aelven gods knew
that even a mote of dark magic might
have given Slaanesh the resource
he needed to break them. However,
though they were sorcerous in
nature, they still obeyed a set of laws
– and Slaanesh was adept at twisting
laws into anarchy and misrule. With
enough contra-magical force brought
against the godly chains, they could
be undone.

Slaanesh had long suspected there
was a weakness in each of the chains,
for it is in the nature of things to
ultimately change state. Somewhere
there would be a chink in the
chain’s
construction that would
allow entropy to set in. But the
cloud of misdirection and shadow
that surrounded the chains – a gift
from Malerion that formed as much
of Slaanesh’s prison as the chains
themselves – had been wrought
to prevent him from learning
their secrets.


PAGEBREAK
The truths of the chains’
construction were as well hidden as
a daemon’s
true name. Yet
there was
hope, if not in Slaanesh’s own power,
then in that of his avatars stalking
the realms. The greater daemons of
Slaanesh, each an embodiment of
their divine master, are experts in
uncovering the secrets that their prey
seek to hide.

from afar,
the greater daemons
gradually uncovered that which the
seers sought most to hide – in the
very act of dwelling on how best to
keep those secrets safe, in the act of
obsessing about their duty,
they left
themselves more open to Slaanesh’s
wiles than they realised.

THE WEAKENED LINKS

All across reality,
the warlords
favoured by Slaanesh found new
energy in the hints and visions their
god entrusted to them. His most
faithful Keepers of Secrets went
about their search with renewed
vigour,
for they had detected the
scent of aelven magic at work. They
did not attack the aelf gods openly,
however,
instead going after lesser
prey. The aelven gods had used their
acolytes to help them build and
maintain the ritual obelisks of the
Hidden Gloaming, and they had
entrusted the most talented aelven
mages they could amass with the
unending task of watching over
Slaanesh’s prison. As custodians of
Uhl-Gysh, these mages also saw to
the maintenance of the chains their
masters had forged.

Despite being powerful magic-
wielders, these aelven sorcerers were
but mortal, and despite the wards
and spells of sanctity woven around
them, they could not tolerate the
presence of a Chaos God for long
without slowly going mad. They
fulfilled their duties for as long as
they could, then were replaced by a
fresh guardian, whereupon the first
returned to either Ulgu or Hysh to
recover before their next stint in the
twilight realm. It was when these
sorcerous custodians left their posts
and re-entered the Mortal Realms
that they became vulnerable.

Many regions of Hysh had been
brought low by Slaanesh’s
influence
in the past, and Keepers of Secrets
still roamed the symbol-etched
plains and deserts. Ulgu, being
a land of shadows and lies, had
been prowled by those who sought
Slaanesh for time immemorial. By
isolating the mortal seers from their
fellows and preying on their minds

One by one, the greater daemons that
had been sent to gather the secrets of
the aelven mages quietly and ar tfu l ly
extracted the precious knowledge
they needed. When the arcane seers
manipulated by these Keepers of
Secrets realised what a mistake they
had made, they felt compelled to
keep their error secret – perhaps
through some subtle Slaaneshi
spell, perhaps because they feared
the wrath of their gods, spiteful
Malerion and maniacal Morathi
above all. Even if one chain should
be compromised,
the mages told
themselves, the others would surely
hold the trapped god fast. None
could think for long on the fact that
they might one day be responsible
for unleashing their race’s ancient
nemesis upon the realms once more.

Through the artifice of his daemons,
the Dark Prince learned more and
more of the true nature of his fetters.
Each could be undone, in theory
at least, for it is in the nature of
sorcery that all magical endeavours
can be unmade with the right
countermeasure. Though the aelven
gods could not refute this immutable
law, they had fashioned each of the
god-chains in such a way that it

would be nigh impossible to achieve
the deed that would unravel them.
Only the greatest of paradoxes could
undo them, for in being both shadow
and light, the chains were made
from the raw stuff of contradiction.
In this way, the aelven gods had
wrought a masterpiece. But Slaanesh
had time on his side, and millions
of Hedonites abroad in the Mortal
Realms that were desperate to do
his bidding. For the first time in
centuries, Slaanesh felt a glimmer of
his old, gloating nature returning to
the fore.

PUREST HATRED

As the years went by, the component
pieces of the cosmic riddle were
gradually assembled by Slaanesh’s
minions. From the greater daemon
Glittus, Slaanesh learned that the
Chain of Purest Hatred could only
be undone by the one who loathed
Slaanesh the most. The aelven gods
had reasoned that one of their
number surely had claim to that title,
for almost their entire race had been
devoured by their ancestral enemy,
and their anger burned fiercely
indeed. But there was one whose
hatred for the Dark Prince had
spanned aeons – the Blood God.

Khorne would never willing ly help
Slaanesh, for they had long been
bitter enemies – and given their
contrary stances, Slaanesh would
never think to seek his help. But
the Dark Prince had thought long
and hard on the chain’s
secrets.
He sent a vision to his foremost
Infernal Enrapturess, Allegaria
Sen’sathra, bidding them to steal
the sacred daemon axe Eigngrom
and hence thread a melody through
the Great Game that Khorne could
not ignore. Enraged, the Blood
God sent his three-headed hound,
Karanak, across time and space
to destroy the Daemonette and
reclaim the axe. A merry dance of
chase and counter-chase saw the
two rivals hunt one another across
the realms. Meanwhile, deep in
the Hidden Gloaming, Slaanesh
prepared himself for the moment
of truth, twisting this way and that
like some serpentine contortionist
until the Chain of Purest Hatred was
entwined around him.


PAGEBREAK
When the hunt reached its
conclusion atop the Serried Peaks of
Aqshy,
the Enrapturess Sen’sathra
proved the more cunning of the two
daemon Heralds. Karanak was slain
in the duel, and Khorne angered
beyond measure. The Blood God’s
volcanic, mind-shattering explosion
of rage resounded across the cosmos.
It was so loud and powerful it
awoke billions of slumbering mortal
souls in a cold sweat of terror.
Khorne knew Slaanesh was behind
Karanak’s destruction, and hence
the swell of his wrath was directed
straight at the Dark Prince. The sonic
blast wave that reached Uhl-Gysh
was so powerful it rocked the runic
obelisks like buoys in a stormy
sea – and shattered the chain that
was wound around Slaanesh into a
million shards.

In a heartbeat, the Dark Prince
fashioned an illusion of expectation
and desire to replace that shattered
chain. It was a risky gamble, but at
that time his captors were looking
to their own holdings in the war
against the other Chaos Gods. The
incarcerated deity knew well the

art of secrecy, and his illusion was
potent enough to fool even Malerion,
master of lies, and the visionary
Teclis, whose mind’s eye could not be
everywhere at once.

THE WORST OF
BETRAYALS

The next fetter that Slaanesh sought
to break was known as the Chain
of Utmost Betrayals. This could
only be broken by an act of extreme
dissonance – namely,
the slaughter
of thousands of unblemished souls
by their own righteous protectors.
It was a deed so contradictory that
the aelven pantheon had thought
it unlikely to the point of being
impossible, but for twisted Slaanesh,
it was only another challenge.

Years after Sigmar’s Tempest broke
upon the realms, the God-King’s
beachheads within the desolate
Mortal Realms had been turned to
fortified zones, then to towns, then
to thriving cities. As these sites of
civilisation grew larger and more
powerful, a new hierarchy arose.
Notions of nobility and privilege

imported from Azyr blended with
trade, commerce and shades of
capitalism, and though the new
order was largely successful and
self-perpetuating, in places the rich
got richer and the poor paid the
price. Mutters of discontent turned
to covert meetings and hidden
agendas, and rivalries and intrigues
blossomed in every stratum of
society, among every race. It was this
arena in which Slaanesh excelled
more than any other.

In the fair caldera city of
Vindicarum, the bloody deeds of
the Celestial Vindicators inspired
many hundreds of criminals to
mend their ways – and scores to
simply get better at hiding their
nefarious activities. As Vindicarum
became a city living in fear of its
own protectors, and as its people
sought ever humbler existences to
prove their own monk-like virtue,
a counterculture arose – and the
cult of hidden luxur y known as the
Silken Revel spread far and wide.
In Hammerhal Aqsha, the sorcerer
Redomir worked together with
merchant kings, alchemists and


PAGEBREAK
Chaos worshippers to undermine the
Cinderfall district and bring about
a resurgence of Slaaneshi worship
on both sides of the Stormrift
Realmgate. In Hysh’s City of Prisms,
a mountain stronghold of geomantic
wizards, the friendly rivalr y between
aspiring young mages turned sour,
as the whispering of Slaanesh’s
daemons nudged them to seek
victory over one another at any cost.

The Chaos cults that spread in the
shadows of civilisation were not just
the province of Slaanesh. In Excelsis,
that spire-rich port city upon the
Coast of Tusks,
the machinations of
Tzeentch saw the underbelly of the
city riddled with rebellion against
the Knights Excelsior and the city
guard that worked alongside them.
Cults that worshipped Nurgle
blossomed in the darkness across
the sickening cities of Invidia and
Verdia,
for the truly ill wi l l often
seek out any cure they can rather
than face another day of agony.

Slaanesh fanned the flames of these
cults, preparing the way for their
expansion with whispers, dreams
and ar tfu l seductions, and he also
ensured that they reached a critical
point all at the same time. In a
realm-spanning event that would
one day become known as the Fated
Uprising, dozens of Chaos cults –
predominantly those of Slaanesh, but
also of Tzeentch and Nurgle – rose
up within the heartlands of Sigmar’s
domains. They were met, as the Dark
Prince had known they would be,
with extreme measures by the very
Stormcast Eternals whose duty it was
to protect them.

During the infamous Purge
of Vindicarum, the Celestial
Vindicators took their blades to
three quarters of the population,
believing it the only way to expunge
the Chaos cults that had infected
the city. They gouged out every trace
of treachery and evil, putting to the
sword every single citizen with a hint
of corruption or hatred in their heart
– just as Sigmar had in Azyrheim so
long ago.

At the same time, the Battle of
Excelsis saw the Knights Excelsior
butcher every citizen that stood

against them – regardless of their
reason. In Hammerhal Aqsha, the
investigations of the Hammers of
Sigmar, which had started with a
single Lord-Castellant, escalated
to open war in the streets between
those under the sway of Slaanesh
and the golden warriors of the
city’s Stormkeep. In their righteous
wrath, in their fervour to destroy
Chaos root and stem, the Stormcast
Eternals went too far, and their
blades claimed lives that should
never have been lost.

The screams of those unfairly slain
by their own protectors echoed
across the void, weakening the chain
Slaanesh had drawn taut – and,
as the butchery reached its peak,
causing it to turn to dust. Another
illusion sprang into place to hide
its dissolution, and the Dark Prince
smiled as he returned to quietude.

THE CHAIN OF
COSMIC LAW

When the Shyish necroquake
created by Nagash erupted across
the cosmos, its bow waves of energy
rocked every Mortal Realm, sub-
realm and void-borne satellite to
its foundations. One of the chains
of Slaanesh’s prison, that which
was bound to the cosmic law of
the realmspheres themselves, was
shattered in that single instant,
for the implosion of Shyish was
an event of such magnitude it
reordered the laws of reality across
every realm at once. By this point,
Slaanesh’s
skill at replacing those
chains no longer holding him with

illusionary simulacra was such that
he capitalised immediately. Another
fetter had been broken beyond
repair, and the Dark Prince grew
closer to his final escape.

Had the prison not already been
weakened by Slaanesh’s
efforts,
perhaps the necroquake would
not have damaged the fetters of
Uhl-Gysh so badly. But in addition
to the Chain of Cosmic Law being
shattered, the web-like tissues of
misdirection that surrounded each
link were shaken and torn. Made
from the spider-web realmstone
of Ulgu, they had been tightly
and ski lfu l ly bound by the arts of
Malerion, and it was a testament
to his skill that they were not
dispersed entirely by that deathly
cataclysm. Slaanesh spotted the
damage in the lie-sheaths of each
chain nonetheless, for his senses
were becoming clearer by the day.
He learned the secrets of dozens of
chains that had been damaged by
the unravelling of their fabric, and
committed them to memory even as
their magical integrity was repaired
once more by the talented aelven
mages that acted as his jailers.

Though only a fraction of the sixty-
six chains that bound Slaanesh had
been broken, the Dark Prince had
gathered the knowledge he needed
to break dozens more. Moreover, his
strength was growing. The emptiness
he had felt after the aelven souls had
been drawn from his essence was
brewing a deadly and cataclysmic
hunger. Not only that, but his creeds
were spreading throughout the seedy
underworlds of civilisations across
the realms.

There would come a point when
Slaanesh was strong enough, and
hungry enough, to destroy the
bindings that held him – not through
cunning, but with sheer might. On
that day,
it was his plan to spill into
Ulgu and Hysh through the same
magical conduits that had held him,
drowning their lands in a cataclysm
of excess. He would claim those
realms as extensions of his sovereign
domain – and with a fu l l quarter of
the Mortal Realms under his control,
force his victory in the Great Game
once and for a l l.


PAGEBREAK
A LEGACY OF DEPRAVITY

A LEGACY OF DEPRAVITY

Some of the most horrendous wars and atrocities ever to have befallen man, aelf and duardin have been
engineered by the inventive Hedonites of Slaanesh. To them, bringing about the downfall of empires is a
recreation as much as it is an act of worship.

AGE OF MYTH

AN AWFUL SYMMETRY

The Hyshian cult of the Demian
Seers becomes obsessed with
symmetry. Its members undergo a
strange surgical biomancy known as
doppelfleisch to ensure that one half
of their bodies is an exact replica of
the other, but cast in living metal.
For a time, this affectation is seen
as highly fashionable, but in truth
the practice has been tainted by
Slaanesh. The fleshly side of the
body begins to rot over time, and
the cursed Demian Seers are forced
to wear pomanders and perfumes
to cover up the stench of their own
corruption. Those whose bodies
reject the doppelfleisch surgery fall
into a panic, casting around for a
way to fix their broken anatomy.
When the daemon Herald known
as Litheclaw whispers that the
Dark Prince can save them from
this hideous demise, they quickly
acquiesce, car ving vast sigils of
Slaanesh in the salt flats of Demia by
way of payment for their extended
lifespans. Just as Lord Tyrion hears
of this travesty and mobilises his
forces to eradicate the Slaaneshi
sigils, thousands of Daemonettes
burst through each sigil, taking a
massive toll on the aelven cavalr y
before they are eventually driven off.

THE SACK OF THRENSTICE

The capital city of the Gleaming
Isle, known as Threnstice, City of
the Forgiven, has long been thought
unassailable. It is unreachable by
land, its navy is strong, and spirits
of living light protect its skies.
Only when a secret cult within its
walls begins to worship the Pallid
Bull does its downfall approach.
Summoned by the scent of burning
flesh marked with the icons of
Slaanesh, the Doombull Ghor-
Garghorr swims across the Narrid
Strait to reach Threnstice, his Bullgor
brethren in his wake. He scales its
walls in the dead of night, escaping
the notice of the scant garrison on

the ramparts. Only when the horned
figures climb over the battlements do
the citizens realise that a new era of
war is about to befall them.

The Slakefray of Ghor-Garghorr
slaughter their way through the
city guard and run rampant in
the Jewellery Quarter, gorging
themselves on their defeated enemies
and adorning their bodies with the
finest clothing and trinkets they
can find, before conducting a potent
ritual of corruption around the
Threnstice Realmgate. Hours later,
the Hedonite host of Jau Gangrel
pours from the portal, turning a
fiercely fought city defence into a
riot. Threnstice falls three days later.

AGE OF CHAOS

THE CULL OF GRANID CITY

Through little more than a desire to
relieve her own boredom, the young
noblewoman Vaela Angelica lures a
carnival of Slaanesh to the mist-
shrouded Granid City in Ulgu. With
the veil of Ulgu-shade that protects
the lands dissipated by her incense
concoctions, she leaves the city open
to attack, and joins the ensuing
invasion with wild abandon. Vaela
begins a new life as a champion
of excess, her ennui a distant
memory. She becomes involved
in an escalating war with the
Daughters of Khaine known as the
Kraith, and finds herself in a fierce
rivalr y with the mutant triplets, the
Faceless Three.

THE GARGANT’S HOARD

In the Varanspire,
that citadel
of Chaos that dominates the
Eightpoints, a recumbent gargant

of colossal gir th is sought out by
acquisitive warrior tribes. It is said
that inside the behemoth’s gut is
an empire’s worth of jewellery and
precious stones, which it has guzzled
down during its wanderings. Every
time the gargant’s digestive system
rebels against this unsavoury food-
source, it causes the giant creature to
vomit the bounty back up, giving the
treasure-hunting tribes the chance
to sift through its ejecta for valuables
with which to change their fortunes.
When word spreads of the riches to
be had, the site becomes the centre of
a sprawling battle.

WAR IN THE
THIRTEEN KINGDOMS

The Daughters of Khaine launch
a holy crusade known as the
Cathtrar Dhule, their intent to scour
Slaanesh’s
followers from Ulgu
forever. It is an impossible goal, for
the natural propensity of lies and
intrigue to prosper in Ulgu make it
fertile territory for the Dark Prince’s
influence to blossom. Nonetheless,
Morathi’s ascendant forces manage
to expunge the Flayerhost of the
whip-handed Kru l la Sha’vhr,
the
tentacled Bovaxx the Despoiler and
the towering daemon-thing known
as Glittus, who was trapped in a
gaiste-maze that covers the Umbral
Veil. The revenge of the Hedonites
was slow to come, but with the scent
of Slaanesh picked up in the thirteen
kingdoms, ever more Hedonite
hosts have been seen invading the
hinterlands of Ulgu.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE BANE OF STYGXX

The Great Pretender of Stygxx drives
forwards his plans to resurrect
Vultza,
the Goddess of Plenty,
intending to wed her and spawn
dozens of half-god, half-daemon
offspring that wi l l cement his claim
to Slaanesh’s
throne. Only a long-
running and costly war with the
Anvils of the Heldenhammer from


PAGEBREAK
nearby Lake Lethis stops him from
enslaving the populace around Deific
Mons to further his strange rituals.

THE MEAT-MISER OF ODRENN

Khelorastius van Bardo, a merchant
prince of Odrenn, hoards as much
meat as he can – for in Chamon, gold
is plentiful, and decent food scarce.
His dynasty grows rich through the
systematic monopoly of the meat
trade and the resultant starvation
of his rivals. He survived the Age of
Chaos through means fair and foul
– among them gathering and selling
meat from the most dubious sources
imaginable. Van Bardo begins to
value his own wealth to the point of
worship, personified in the form of
the six silver cow statues that stand
sentinel outside his palace.

The scent of the merchant’s excess
filters through the void, drawing
the Keeper of Secrets known as
Anacrucia, the Symphony of
Torment. The daemon goes to
van Bardo in disguise as a mortal
seer and convinces him and his
confederates that their livestock are
star ving and in danger of dying out.
Duped by the disguise and fearful of
the warning, the van Bardos accept
the alchemical treatment the Keeper
offers, giving it to their animals –
and imbibing much of it themselves.

The next new moon, each member
of the van Bardo dynasty is
transformed into a lowly beast with a
human head, while their animals are
turned into fierce albino beastmen.
With each of the strange hybrids
bleating ‘Sla-a-a-a-nesh!’ over and
over again, they unleash war on
Odrenn’s cities at Anacrucia’s
side.

A DARKSOME ALLIANCE

The Darkoath Warqueen Marakarr
Blood-Sky makes common cause
with Reshevious, a champion of
Slaanesh who leads his Scarlet
Cavalcade on the scent of the god
Slaanesh. With the supernaturally
sharp sensorium of the mutant
known as the Inhilus to guide them,
they make haste to Shyish – for there
Marakarr claims there are clues to
Slaanesh’s whereabouts. In truth,
she harnesses the Godseekers for her
own agenda – which is to sabotage
the works of Nagash before he can

tear the cosmos apart. Before she
can reach Nagashizzar, Marakarr is
sent tumbling into a chasm as she
battles the Lord-Ordinator Vorrus
Starstrike, and Reshevious takes
over the assembled Chaos horde
in her stead. He swiftly tires of the
infantry’s slow pace, however, and
leads his Godseekers to the sands
north of Shadespire. There the
warlord finds a magnificent mirror
in a heap of duardin bones. Taunted
by the being held within the glass,
Reshevious shatters the artefact, and
sets in motion a chain of events that
wi l l see Shyish face a new evi l.

A TRAIL TO DAMNATION

The sky-fleet of Admiral Barrock
Hoardsplitter come across a rich
seam of aether-gold that does not
appear on any known map of the
Chamonic airways. Beside himself
with glee, he follows it to find
an ivory palace borne aloft on a
vast flying carpet of rippling silk.
Suspicious of the haunting sound
of harp music upon the winds, the
Admiral plugs up his ears with
duardin waxencheese and has his
crew do the same. Remaining at a
safe distance, Barrock mines the
aether-gold until his Krontankers
are full, sending word to send more
cargo vessels as swiftly as possible.
Over the next few months, more and
more ships follow Hoardsplitter’s
fleet, for Barrock speaks of
unimaginable riches, and he is
proved right time and time again.

On goes the flying palace at its
leisurely pace, the aether-gold
spilling behind it in seemingly
inexhaustible streams. The
Kharadron Overlords cannibalise
their sky-port to build more ships,
using every able body and every
source of metal they can find to help
them harvest the bumper crop. The
duardin even begin to sacrifice their
own wargear,
then their armour,
and in some cases their own flesh to
keep their engines running. When
another fleet moves in to make a
claim on the hoard, they turn their
guns upon each other, defending
the flying palace with ever ything
they have.

Only when the daemons of Slaanesh
begin to materialise upon the
Kharadron ships and fall upon the
duardin crews does Barrock realise
the magnitude of his folly. He
executes an emergency landing on
the Cloudline Archipelago, a series
of flying islands, and prepares to
make a last stand. Divided by their
own deafness to each other’s orders,
the Kharadron are slain to a duardin,
the aether-gold they harnessed
disappearing as if it were no more
than a morning mist.

THE PROPHECY OF MORATHI

The Shadow Queen Morathi warns
the aelven pantheon of the eventual
escape of Slaanesh. She insists that
although the new aelven gods are
powerful indeed, they have set
themselves against an elder entity
that none of them truly understands,
nor have the might to contain. It is
not the first time she has preached
that the Chaos God’s ascendancy
is inevitable. In response, her son
Malerion shows open disrespect,
and Tyrion simple indifference. Only
Teclis listens to her claims,
later
seeking her wisdom in secret – for he
hears a kernel of truth in her words.

As Morathi draws ever more
Scáthborn from Slaanesh’s belly for
the war she fervently believes is on
the horizon, Teclis begins to gather
armies of his own. He amasses the
martial orders of the Realm of Light,
and invokes ancient pacts with
the spirits of Hysh to bolster his
gleaming warhosts for the new era of
conflict to come.


PAGEBREAK
THE DEPRAVED LEGIONS

THE DEPRAVED LEGIONS

Be they daemon or be they mortal, the twisted warriors of the Hedonite hosts are united in their constant pursuit
of sensation. Some consider their cause to be holy, sacred or somehow justified, for self-deception is an art form
among their ranks. To an outsider, they are naught but a hellish and despicable curse upon the Mortal Realms.

KEEPERS OF
SECRETS

Keepers of Secrets

The thud of cloven hooves, steady
and confident, punctuates the roar
of the adoring crowd as the Keeper
of Secrets strides from the ranks
of its worshippers. Loathsome yet
somehow beguiling, these greater
daemons inspire both heartfelt awe
and a sick feeling of terror in all
who look upon them. They are the
closest companions and servants of
the Lord of Excess, and they carr y
the scent of his blessing like an aura.
Wreathed in glamours and mind-
dulling musks, these monstrous
daemons mask their true form with
supernatural allure. Their powerfully
muscled bodies are bedecked with
jewels that hold the souls of their
choicest victims, and their razor-
sharp claws are decorated with
brightly coloured lacquers.

A Keeper of Secrets is a highly
intelligent creature, a being whose
silvered words and languid gestures
belie its devastating physical power.
It is claimed that these are the most
entrancing of all immortals, and
that to look upon one is to surrender
every last shred of willpower. The
greater daemons of Slaanesh know
the most intimate desires of every
mortal being, and they use this
knowledge to gain an undeniable
power over their foes, seducing
them with whispered promises
they cannot hope to resist. Few who
have encountered these daemons
can describe the shame of their
desire, nor the lust for violence and
depravity that overwhelms their
rational senses.

Even should such a survivor make
it out alive and attempt to live
a normal
life, the sight of their
alluring nemesis wi l l always be
waiting behind their eyes and in
their dreams. The corruption that
stemmed from linking thoughts

with the creature, even for a second,
wi l l be embedded so deep that
sooner or later it wi l l burst from the
shadowed corners of the mind in
the most horrific way. To have laid
eyes on such a creature and survived
becomes the most dangerous secret
of all, for none can look upon a
Keeper and claim to be unchanged
by the experience.

The Keepers of Secrets are more than
just masters of the psyche. Pain and
pleasure are irrevocably blended
in the minds of Slaanesh’s greater
daemons, meaning that the bliss they
find in battle is unmatched outside
Slaanesh’s
realm. However,
they are
only deployed to a war front by their
patron when all else has failed, for
armed conflict is but a small element
of the Dark Prince’s
strategy. Yet
when sheer, uncompromising force
is the only course left, Slaanesh sends
his greater daemons to deliver it in
excess – and it is a task they relish to
their core.

On the field of battle, Keepers are
graceful yet vicious killers that
delight in the excessive, wanton
violence they unleash, as well as
that unleashed by others. They take
gloating, sadistic pleasure in all
acts of k i l ling and torture, and they
consider excruciatingly painfu l
death in battle just another form of
creative expression. There is a dark
delight to be found in the interplay
of impact, gore and horror that
follows every swing and thrust of
the blade, every act of ar t fu l blood-
letting. The reaction speeds of these
creatures are so fast, their ability to
process information so advanced,
that they can stare in rapt attention
at a squirt of blood from an arter y
for only a split second – yet in that
time appreciate every nuance of
motion and emotion around it,
getting more satisfaction from
that singular sight than a master
ar t isan would from spending a
year among the greatest works of a
lost civilisation.

When the battle-lines first clash,
the movements of a greater daemon
of Slaanesh may seem unhurried,
leisurely – even lazy – for the
anticipation of the feast to come is
itself a delicious meal to be savoured.
As the two rival armies mingle and
the battle devolves into glorious
anarchy,
the Keeper of Secrets wi l l
accelerate its dance of destruction
until it is moving almost too fast
to follow. Its many slender arms
lash out to decapitate, disembowel
or perhaps merely cripple its prey,
depending on its diabolical whims.
It feeds upon the strong emotions
triggered by mortals as they are torn
apart, glutting itself on a banquet
of pain and terror – and in doing
so, becomes inspired to ever greater
feats of slaughter. Its limbs, at the
same time delicate and hideously
strong, move in blinding strikes as
it eviscerates its opponents, spilling
blood in pleasing patterns and
spreading body parts in an exotic
tapestry. The desperate pleas for
mercy and the berserk battle cries of
blood-crazed warriors are sonorous
music to the greater daemons’ ears,
a delectable opera that honours
Slaanesh. The ways of murder are
myriad, and the greater daemon
must explore them all.

As well as being a lightning-fast
and vicious warrior, a Keeper
of Secrets possesses knowledge
of many mystical arts, weaving
sorceries that lead the weak-willed
to their doom. A greater daemon
of Slaanesh invades the thoughts
and senses of its prey, penetrating
their every mental defence, sending
them visions of glory, titillating
their egos and caressing their
inner desires to lead them astray.
A Keeper’s very presence inspires
an excess of violence in others that
wi l l not stop until all lies in ruin
around the daemon’s
feet. Cautious
sparks of passion within the ranks
are inflamed to the point that their
victims can think of nothing else,
besotted with visions of brutality


PAGEBREAK
even as they are hacked down by
crooning Daemonettes. A gentle
gesture can send thuggish ogors,
aelven nobles and even Stormcast
Paladins stumbling forwards, the
bewitched warrior abandoning
his fellows in his sudden hunger
to touch, smell, and taste the skin
of the Keeper that has entranced
him. Should he fail to shake off this
glamour, he wi l l walk willing ly
into the claws of his new idol,
worshipping its majesty even beyond
the point of death. There is nothing
more satisfying for a Keeper of
Secrets than to corrupt a warrior
of noble heart, turning those who
quest for a righteous cause into
sacrifices upon the altar of Slaanesh’s
perverse wi l l.

Keepers of Secrets, being made from
Slaanesh’s
essence, are as varied as
the thousand whims and moods
that flit through the Dark Prince’s
fickle mind every day. Those greater
daemons that lead each faction
within the Hedonite ranks can have
very different personalities, despite
being fundamentally cut from the

same cloth. They each have burning
desires and agendas they would
do anything to achieve, toppling
empires, eradicating entire species
or reducing thriving metropolises to
rubble as it suits them. Few realise
that in doing so, they are simply
fu lfi l ling another part of the Dark
Prince’s own wider plan, for as
extensions of his wi l l they really have
no other choice.

It is possible for devoted Hedonites
to summon a Keeper of Secrets
to lead them in the revels of war.
Should the reek of depravity reach
dizzying heights – whether that be
in the feast hall, throne room or
upon the battlefield, the towering
daemon wi l l stride from a tear
in reality, manifesting in a l l its
g limmering majesty as it cries out
in unholy joy. It may take a moment
to breathe in the heady stench
of the scene before it, its hooded
eyes playing across the spectacle
of disaster as a maestro casts his
eyes over his orchestra prior to
the beginning of a symphony.
Once it has assessed the greatest

opportunities for glorious slaughter
in Slaanesh’s name, the daemon wi l l
stride forwards for the k i l l.

Even unarmed, a Keeper of Secrets
is surpassingly lethal, able to rip
a man’s heart from his chest as
easily as plucking a ripe plum from
an orchard tree. The creature wi l l
then devour the still-beating organ
with a sickening moan of delight.
With two of its four arms ending
in elegant, cur ving pincers, it can
scissor through a plate-armoured
knight with a contemptuous snip. In
the other two hands it wi l l usually
bear weapons of exquisite design.
These range from elegant greatblades
so long and sharp they can cut a
charging Mournfang in half, to
semi-sentient whips that curl and
twist to entrap the prey. Arguably,
the daemon’s most potent weapon is
its voice. With a honeyed promise it
can turn a man’s mind from his true
course, offering power enough to lay
low any foe – even the daemon itself.
The true cost of the bargain swiftly
becomes clear – the immortal soul of
those fools who accept it.

The dissonant clash of sensual grace and vicious savagery reaches a crescendo. As the veil between realities thins, a
Keeper of Secrets leaves its machinations
in the Realm of Chaos to wreak havoc upon mortal
lands instead.


PAGEBREAK
SHALAXI HELBANE

Shalaxi Helbane

Towering, statuesque, and possessed of an impossible grace, the titanic Keeper of Secrets known as Shalaxi
Helbane hunts the deadliest prey in the cosmos. As one of Slaanesh’s
favourite greater daemons and a tracker and
duellist of supreme skill, it is Shalaxi’s privilege to bring war to the champions of the rival gods.

Should an enemy warlord reach
sufficient prominence for the Dark
Prince to become irritated by their
existence, a mental impulse wi l l
burst in Shalaxi’s
soul. This is a
raging wildfire in comparison to
the spark of compulsion that might
come to being in a mortal mind. It
initiates a quest so all-consuming
that the hunter Helbane never
stops, running the prey to ground
with tireless determination and the
savvy of an expert tracker. Shalaxi’s
sensorium, exaggerated by the sheaf
of strange antennae that rises from
the greater daemon’s head like an
ornate crown, allows one sense to
be perceived as if it were another.
The hunter can see fear as a misting
cloud that betrays a distant quarry,
detect the scent of a spell before it
is cast, hear the shearing sound of a
mortal’s life-thread being cut away,
or taste the tang of cowardice as if it

were bitter citrus upon the tongue.
By blending the senses at will,
Helbane can see the trail of a flying
quarr y hanging as a swirling line in
the air, and can even peer through
a Realmgate, across the aetheric
void, and out of the other side. This
makes the Keeper of Secrets all but
inescapable – once Slaanesh has set
his favoured agent on the trail of a
hated foe, death is the sole outcome.
The only safe haven, perhaps, can be
found in those abyssal regions where
little to no stimuli at all can thrive –
regions known well to the weak lings
known as Idoneth Deepkin.

Shalaxi has ensnared and slain
warrior kings, dragons, greater
daemons, and hulking tyrants of
destruction. Often, the hunter runs
alone, for mortal followers and even
Daemonettes struggle to match their
leader’s pace when the hunt nears
its conclusion. Other times, Shalaxi
is accompanied by a pack of Fiends,
the beasts trilling in joyous abandon
as they race with their loping alpha.
At hunt’s end the Keeper does not
attack unseen, but speaks a challenge
so carefully crafted with the subtle
tongue of Slaanesh it cannot be
refused. Shalaxi’s Hedonite followers
live in hope of witnessing the grand
ki l l that follows. Some whisper that
one day Helbane’s blade wi l l pierce
the titanic heart of a godbeast, those
zodiacal creatures that exist above
the natural order of things, and in
doing so, prove the supremacy of
Chaos over the realms entire.

THE DEATH OF DAEMON KINGS

Every aspect of Shalaxi Helbane’s fighting style has
been devised and perfected to counter the fiercest of
prey. Slaanesh has held a bitter rivalr y with Khorne
for aeons, and wi l l go to impossible lengths to outdo
the Blood God in matters martial – for in the Dark
Prince’s eyes, to outclass a rival deity in their own
obsession is to secure an unforgettable victory. In
many ways this is the primary reason for Shalaxi’s
existence – to take on the Bloodthirsters of Khorne
in single combat, and to defeat them, proving that
skill and subtlety can beat raw strength and fur y
every time.

Shalaxi’s hallmark longspear,
that weapon spoken
of in so many obscene songs and verses among the
Hedonites,
is a weapon of stunning sharpness and
reach. With the hunter’s expertise behind it, it is
able to dart in past the swing of a ruinous greataxe
to impale the heart. But even with the most sk i lfu l
of feints, ripostes and shield-bashes, to overcome a
Bloodthirster’s skill in close combat is nigh impossible.
Because of this, Shalaxi wields a living whip, a pliable
but unbreakable scourge that cracks out to wind
like a serpent around the weapons of the enemy. Not
only that, the hunter’s war regalia is a long gown of
pseudopod limbs that grasp, snatch and throttle like
the tentacles of an octopus.

Shalaxi has learned the fighting styles of rival greater
daemons through long experience. The hunter has
impaled Lords of Change through the torso before
they can finish their lethal incantations, pierced
the blubbery chests of Great Unclean Ones to slash
through the bleeding hearts within, and outfought
airborne Bloodthirsters even as they hurtled through
storm-choked skies. The Keeper of Secrets has long
had a desire to lay low Skarbrand – that monstrosity so
powerful he once sought to slay Khorne himself – and
has duelled him to a standstill twice over.

On the corpse-strewn fields outside Rantula Sigmaris,
Helbane’s
longspear impaled Skarbrand through the
neck just as his axes took an arm in return – moments
before the ebb and flow of a Stormcast assault forced
them both apart. Under Vostargi Mont’s burning
mountain, Shalaxi disarmed Skarbrand, only for the
Bloodthirster to hurl himself backwards into a river of
lava to evade the ki l ling blow ; the incandescent heat of
his rage protected him from being incinerated, while a
cascade of boiling lava put Shalaxi to flight.

Now the scent of the exiled one is strong in Shalaxi’s
sensorium once more, and another showdown
between the two greater daemons seems inevitable. It
is a confrontation that not only Slaanesh, but also the
Blood God, wi l l watch most keenly.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Heralds of Slaanesh

HERALDS OF SLAANESH

Many Hedonite hosts are led by the favoured Daemonettes known as Heralds of Slaanesh. These creatures var y
greatly in form and duty, from lone dancer-warriors to jealous custodians that carr y powerful Slaaneshi artefacts
to war. Those that rise to the heights of command bring a variety of fascinating deaths to their enemies.

Those highest in Slaanesh’s
regard
usually hail from the ranks of his
Heralds. Of all his servants, these
are the most ar tfu l. They have a
strong taste for violence, as do all of
the Dark Prince’s
faithful, though
it is not as all-consuming as that of
the Keepers of Secrets. Instead, the
Heralds of Slaanesh focus on the
myriad other paths to damnation.
In many ways they act as dark
muses, inspiring those they latch
onto – not to create works of great
musical or artistic accomplishment,
but to descend into a spiral of
obsession and inhumanity until
they reach a place they can never
escape. With promises of glory
and fulfilment, a Herald twists
the aspirations and ambitions of
its prey into narcissism, paranoia
and madness,
luring the victim
onto the indulgent road towards
self-destruction and the furtherance
of the Dark Prince’s desires. Each
Herald fulfils a hundred and more
roles in Slaanesh’s
service, though all
of them ultimately lead to the same
end – the corruption of reality, and
the remaking of the Mortal Realms
in the Dark Prince’s
image.

Though it has fallen by the wayside
since Slaanesh’s
incarceration,
there was once a fluid hierarchy
governing the Heralds of Slaanesh,
a way for the Hedonites to tell who
was high in favour and who was
spurned to the point of exile. The
more privileged a Daemonette was
– the more they empowered and
pleased the Dark Prince – the closer
to his throne they were allowed to
approach whenever he sat in state.
The most favoured of their number
– those usually being the quickest
of wit, the most graceful and the
most deadly of his lesser daemons –
were even allowed upon Slaanesh’s
dais to feed him sweetmeats and
caress his body with their barbed
claws. To these depraved creatures
Slaanesh entrusted his more subtle
machinations, for his greater
daemons are created primarily for

excessive violence, rather than the
delicate touch that the Dark Prince’s
ploys usually require.

Since Slaanesh’s
entrapment within
Uhl-Gysh, the fickle but undeniable
logic of his favouritism has fallen
to an anarchic frenzy of disorder,
slander and guesswork. The Heralds
of Slaanesh pine so keenly for their
absent god that the grief of a spurned
soulmate or bereaved spouse is but
a puddle next to the ocean of their
heartbreak. Yet still they strive to do
the dark work they were created to
achieve, hoping they wi l l please their
master, wherever he may be. These
once favoured sybarites tread the
paths of war without the reassuring
presence of their god, taking their
bitterness and disappointment out
on mortals who know nothing of
true agony. The Heralds’ every act
and hope is bent towards the day
when they may be reunited with
their patron in ecstatic glory, a fate
that they know wi l l come in time –
for who could confine their mighty
god for long, if he did not wish to
be so? Slaanesh abides, that much
is known – for if he had dissipated
entirely,
they too would have gone to
their ultimate oblivion – and one day
he wi l l return to them in jubilation,
and bend reality to his wi l l once and
for a l l.

VICELEADERS

The most numerous of the Heralds of
Slaanesh are known as Viceleaders.
They are expert at finding immoral
and impure individuals, and
drawing them further into their
own damnation.

Viceleaders take the Dark Prince’s
followers in an ongoing dance of
conquest, using seductive spells to
corrupt carefully chosen victims
and inspire them to give in to
their most despicable urges. There
was a time when this process
could take months, years or even
decades to achieve; Daemonettes
are functionally immortal, and
they savour the slow blossoming
of their labours much as a vintner
savours the maturation of a fine
wine. During the first century of the
Age of Chaos, when Slaaneshi forces
were responsible for the downfall of
scores of kingdoms, the conquests
of Slaanesh relied on these slow and
subtle acts of corruption more than
they did savagery and slaughter.
But with the armies of Sigmar now
on the march, every land has felt
the kiss of war, and the gradual
manipulation of a soul has become
a luxury.

New cults are burgeoning in many
of the cities of the realms, each
devoted to a Viceleader as a conduit
of Slaanesh’s greater glory. Yet
there is a sense of haste – perhaps
even of desperation– beneath their
orgiastic rituals of greed, gluttony
and avarice. The faithful of the Dark
Prince must work quickly if they
are to seize back that which they
have lost. In these times of conflict
and upheaval,
it is common for a
Viceleader to sully a soul within a
matter of moments, picking a victim
to undo and then moving on to the
next. With honeyed whispers and
seductive motions, they can reduce
their victim to a gibbering wreck,
before ending the torment, right at
its peak, with a swift snip of their
razored claws.


PAGEBREAK
As the symbiotic entity Syll’Esske strides through the fray with predatory intent,
the Masque
dances and the Contorted Epitome enthrals. Their very presence is a promise of agony.


PAGEBREAK
CONTORTED EPITOMES

A Contorted Epitome is not a single
Daemonette, but paired attendants
chosen for their ability to abide one
another’s presence. Their close bond
is cemented by sacred guardianship
of an ornate Mirror of Absorption –
a priceless magical artefact entrusted
to them from Slaanesh’s palace. This
treasure is as much a daemonic being
as it is an object, a living framework
that writhes on striated tentacles at
the Daemonettes’ demand.

Legends claim the Contorted
Epitome’s genesis can be traced to an
artificer known as Vennatan in an
age long past. He strove to perfect the
art of silvering glass, and each of his
prototype mirrors were fought over
by the rich and noble. Slaanesh was
greatly pleased by the epidemic of
narcissism that ensued, and plotted
to capture the alchemist for his
own agenda. By the end of his long
and famous life, so the story goes,
Vennatan was one of the wealthiest
artisans of his generation. On his
deathbed, as he gazed proudly at his
own reflection and pondered the
many successes of his life, Slaanesh
reached out through the glass and
drew him into the Temple of Twisted
Mirrors, where he was imprisoned
forever more.

Hoping to strike back against his
captor, Vennatan invented the
Mirror of Absorption, a looking glass
with the ability to swallow excessive
energies, which would slowly drain
the power of Slaanesh himself.
Unfortunately,
that artefact was soon
shattered by the sheer magnitude
of Slaanesh’s vanity. Recognising
its worth, however,
the Dark Prince
forced Vennatan to make dozens
more of the devices, bound them
within semi-sentient frameworks
that could move independently, and
gifted them to his favourite Heralds.
So was born the Contorted Epitome.
Legend says that Vennatan is still
trapped within a refractive sub-
realm, and if his name is spoken six
times in front of a looking glass, he
wi l l emerge as a deadly slicergheist
to slay the speaker.

In battle, these artefacts harness and
absorb the most excessive of enemy
attacks, keeping their Slaaneshi

owners safe from harm. Only the
humblest weapons can hope to
shatter them; a wooden sword would
have more effect upon them than a
runic cannonball. To look upon such
a mirror is to become spellbound
by the reflection of your strongest
fears and desires, and to become
trapped within – if the Daemonette
attendants do not slay you first.

INFERNAL
ENRAPTURESSES

To a daemon of Slaanesh, there is
no greater pleasure than leading
a mortal soul down the path of
infinite excess, and in this endeavour
Infernal Enrapturesses are true
virtuosos. They are music makers,
weavers of sublime harmonies and
mind-shattering cacophonies. Their
songs ring loud over Slaanesh’s
domain, shifting from lilting sonatas
to bombastic capriccios with jarring
irregularity. Through their music
they are able to convey vast arrays
of emotion in quick succession,
or focus on one droning note that
becomes all-consuming. Only
when the Dark Prince’s daemon
legions go to war do the songs of the
Infernal Enrapturesses reach their
operatic crescendo.

Infernal Enrapturesses often
advance ahead of a Slaaneshi army,
using their beguiling charms and
glamours to infiltrate the cities of
their enemies. Veiled by daemonic
illusion, they present themselves
as muses to artists who strive to
create beauty amidst the horrors of
war. In feeding the artist’s passions,
the Enrapturess allows their craft
to flourish, bringing out of them
the greatness that had always lain
dormant. At first the Herald comes
to the artists in their dreams,
stripping them of their inhibitions
and magnifying the ambition and
obsession buried deep within their
souls. The daemon then places in
their minds a vision of the perfect
piece of music that they wi l l one day

compose, an opus so idyllic that it
wi l l end wars and unite empires, or a
battle hymn so bellicose that soldiers
wi l l march in their millions just to
hear its rousing notes.

Those the Enrapturess visits in
person enter a state of utter bliss.
Many die of starvation, having
forsaken food and drink as they
toil at their masterpiece. Others
are reduced to gibbering lunatics,
their minds and souls unable to
bear the weight of their beauteous
undertaking. Eventually, when
only a single musician remains, the
Enrapturess reveals its true self. The
pupil then learns that, in order for
their great work to be completed,
they must become the instrument
of its execution, and give over their
flesh to be played by the muse.

The instrument wrought from
the contorted body of that willing
subject is known as a heartstring
lyre. Strung with tattered fragments
of that mortal’s soul, the lyre emits
screams of pure elation and raw
torment that vibrate through the
physical and spiritual essences of
those who hear them. By playing
a cacophonous medley of notes,
the Enrapturess conducts each
individual muscle and nerve fibre in
the foe to dance to its own anarchic
rhythm, ripping the body apart.
Alternatively,
the instrument can
emit a focused blast of sound that
resounds within the very soul,
vivifying the victim’s emotions to
such an extent that their joy can no
longer be contained, and their heart
erupts in a shower of glorious gore.

When the Dark Prince’s
legions
march, the Infernal Enrapturess
takes a leading position in the battle.
With every pluck of the heartstring
lyre the Daemonette sends waves of
obliterative sonic energy coursing
through the ranks of the enemy,
the creature’s mood determining
whether they die in a state of
unbridled ecstasy or agonized
despair. As the song progresses,
the battlefield is brought closer into
harmonic alignment with Slaanesh’s
domain, allowing ever more
daemons to pour through the veil of
reality, whereupon they join in the
Enrapturess’ sadistic symphony.


PAGEBREAK
THE MASQUE

Once the chief attendant of Slaanesh,
the Masque used to comb the Dark
Prince’s
shining hair and oil it with
fragrant balms. When Slaanesh’s
mood was grim, the Masque would
dance to lighten his thoughts,
enrapturing the god with the most
dazzling of acrobatic displays. Yet
for all of Slaanesh’s
indulgence,
the Masque was to become the
most despised of the Prince of
Pleasure’s
servants.

During the eternal wrangling and
wars that make up the Great Game,
it came about that Tzeentch tricked
Slaanesh into an unwinnable battle
against both Khorne and Nurgle, a
war that ended only with the Dark
Prince’s defeat and humiliation.
Seeing the dark mood of their
master,
the Masque tried to ease
his heart with their most energetic
and scintillating dance. Where
once the performance would have
brought laughter and joy, now
Slaanesh’s bitter heart saw mockery,
each perfect combination of moves
a calculated barb to pierce his
wounded pride. Enraged, Slaanesh
cast the Masque aside, weaving a
curse over the one he condemned
as a traitor. If the Masque wished so
much to dance, they would dance
forever more, even when there was
no one to witness the show.

Such has been the Masque’s
fate, to dance across eternity. In
the circles of Slaanesh’s
realm,
the Herald pirouettes for other
denizens, entrancing them with
sinuous movements until they are
so enraptured they can no longer
move or speak. The Masque dances
at the gates of Khorne, mocking the
Bloodletters who snarl and growl at
the Herald’s
impudence. Dancing
across the Mortal Realms, the
daemon enchants all who watch with
the mesmerising rhythm of their
movements. Wherever wanton souls
indulge their senses, where excess
overcomes restraint, the Masque
appears to lead the incautious on a
dance of doom.

As the Masque enacts the tales
of Slaanesh’s glorious history,
his destiny and his most unholy
conquests, the Herald’s golden mask

flickers and changes, matching
the roles of the characters being
played. So powerful is the lure of
the Masque’s display that often
those who see it are compelled to
join in the performance. Immortal
daemons and crude mortals alike
feel this calling in their hearts and
are powerless to resist,
joining the
show as if they had rehearsed their
parts for an age. In the Dance of
Dreaming, where the character of
the slumbering prince waits to be
born, the Masque’s
troupe is lulled
into a lethargic trance; while in the
Dance of Death, a re-enactment
of one of Slaanesh’s great victories
over Khorne, the cast leap and flail
and claw at their eyes and throats.
Consumed by the ecstasy and
agony of the Masque’s aura, they
wi l l happily dance themselves into
the grave, using up their last ounce
of energy, expending their dying
breath, to keep pace with the twirls
and somersaults.

SYLL’ESSKE, THE
VENGEFUL ALLEGIANCE

Most of Slaanesh’s muses are fickle
beings. By contrast, the creature that
has become Syll’Esske represents
a permanent symbiotic bond
between two individual entities.
Syll Lewdtongue was once spurned
by Slaanesh’s
courtiers for growing
too attached to those the Herald
had chosen for inspiration. When
Syll set eyes upon the hulking
mortal war-slave Esske fighting in
the gladiatorial pits of Slaanesh’s

gardens, the fates of both changed
forever. The mortal warrior proved
to be extremely receptive to Syll’s
patronage. Esske’s
resultant rise
through the ranks of the gladiatorial
pits was meteoric, for Syll spoke
only wisdom. Soon the towering
Esske was a champion swollen with
the glory of Slaanesh, eventually
becoming a Daemon Prince. But
even though Esske claimed to be
a native of Slaanesh’s
realm, as a
former mortal, the warrior was
considered a second-class citizen
by the other daemon courtiers.
Frustration and humiliation soon
gave way to rage. With Syll as guide
to the inner workings of the palace,
and with the Herald’s whip-arm
proving lightning fast, the two
became an unstoppable force. It
seemed no feat of magic or might
was beyond them as they took
their revenge upon those who had
ridiculed them. In front of Slaanesh’s
throne, a pact was made between the
two – a dark ritual that empowered
them both. The rite bonded them
together so thoroughly that they now
fight in perfect synchronicity.

BLADEBRINGERS

During the Age of Myth, the Heralds
known as Bladebringers were given
a sacred duty – to bear the Chaos-
infused blades forged in Slaanesh’s
kingdom into the worlds of mortal
men. At first this was done one by
one, each elegantly curved weapon
left in secret for a powerful warrior
or warlord. Those who took up
these enchanted blades found the
swords whispering to them in the
night, driving them ever further
along the path of the oppressor or
the murderer. Yet
the blades took
their toll on the Heralds that bore
them into reality,
too – they wished
to bring them to bear, not merely
to carr y them, and wield them in
greater measure than any other.
The Heralds devised ways to fight
with ever more Slaaneshi weapons,
culminating in the invention of the
bladed chariot – elegant carriages
with huge arrays of blades at the rear.
By riding these chariots through
the thick of the foe’s ranks, the
Bladebringers can unleash truly
gratifying amounts of carnage in a
matter of heartbeats.


PAGEBREAK
DAEMONETTES

Daemonettes

Slaanesh’s
lesser servants are known as Daemonettes. Embodiments of the dark and twisted emotions of mortals,
they throng wherever a source of anguish is to be found, and delight in fanning the flames of disaster. When the
horns of war are sounded, these Hedonites w i l l take every opportunity to rejoice in the carnage to come.

Most numerous of Slaanesh’s
servants are his Bringers of Joyous
Degradation, his Maidens of
Excess, his sadistic and sycophantic
Daemonettes. They were created
from echoes of mortal desire, and
shaped to fulfil Slaanesh’s need
for constant conquest, serving as
courtiers and torturers in the Palace
of Pleasure while acting as soldiers
and enslavers in the Mortal Realms.

Daemonettes abound throughout
the Dark Prince’s domain even in
his absence, gathering in heaving
throngs to lounge upon silken
cushions and toy with the flesh of
their latest mortal playthings. Their
twisted minds are fixated foremost
upon physical, mental and spiritual
pain, and they go to great lengths
to inflict it in the most inventive
ways possible.

It is a common pastime among the
Daemonettes to take in and divulge
the most lurid and perverse secrets
they have pried from mortal hearts,
using this knowledge to rise ever
higher in the esteem of their fellows
– and perhaps even their decadently
wi lfu l master.

Daemonettes are warriors and
messengers at one time, both in
Slaanesh’s domain and beyond.
When the forces of the Dark Prince
go to war, packs of Daemonettes
form the core of many of his
armies. As creations of Slaanesh,
they are given to extreme depths of
emotion. At times they can become
almost incapacitated with the joy
of a simple sensation, at others
vampiric in their need to feast
on the essence of tortured souls.
When their hatefulness becomes

all-consuming it can be infectious,
spreading in a tide of jealous ire
and bitterness until thousands
of their number are united in the
same evil intent. Should they find
a way into mortal lands they wi l l
gather together and go forth in vast
legions to tear down that which
they find repugnant, unsubtle and
crude. When the ki l ling begins, they
replace the works of mortals with
artistic vistas of destruction. Well-
organised societies, conclaves of the
chaste and phlegmatic, disciplined
armies that ki l l without passion or
joy – these are the most distasteful
to Slaanesh, and so it is upon such
groups that the Daemonettes loose
their incandescent outrage. For this
reason they have a special hatred for
Hysh, the realm of intellectual order
and enlightenment, and wi l l do
anything to destroy it.


PAGEBREAK
THE NUMBER OF SLAANESH

To Slaanesh, there is no aspect of numerical magic more alluring than
six. Six are the circles of his domain in the Realm of Chaos; six are the
principal seductions by which he enthrals his devotees. When his legions
go to war, they often do so in groups of this sacred number, with each army
subjecting its foes to a different form of torment in accordance with a wider
tapestry of disaster. The grandest plans of Slaanesh usually play out in six
phases, each serving as a single movement in a symphony of anguish that,
when viewed in total, is far greater and more depraved than the sum of
its parts.

On some unconscious level, mortal followers of the Prince of Pleasure also
consider six to be the most beautiful number, augmenting their flesh with
six-fold scars, or slicing their tongues into six branching forks that they
might better speak the sibilant version of the Dark Tongue that is favoured
by Slaaneshi daemons. Amongst the sadists and masochists that consider
themselves connoisseurs of sensation, it is said that there are six hundred
and sixty-six types of pleasure and pain, all of which must be experienced
to achieve true communion with their debauched god.

When at last they return to their
master’s domain, the Daemonettes
take with them not gold or jewels,
but truths learnt from the dying lips
of their enemies – unique morsels
of suffering borne upon terrified
screams. These form a currency of
sorts among those dwelling in the
circles of Slaanesh – the Keepers
of Secrets value the bringers of
these hidden truths most of all,
and wi l l show their gratitude to
those who provide them with the
juiciest mortals.

In battle, Daemonettes attack in a
swift, surging mass that becomes
exponentially more lethal the more
its number grows. The daemons
dance across the blood-soaked
ground, dead bodies forming a
carpet beneath their feet. Their
honeyed voices are raised in joyous,
trilling songs of praise to Slaanesh
as they slay and maim in the name
of agony and pleasure. They are
lithe, dexterous killers, gifting
their victims with a combination
of excruciatingly painful caresses
and the most delicate and tender of
ki l ling strokes.

Even in the most gruesome of
conflicts, the Daemonettes smile
in secret ecstasy as they go about
their deadly work, delighting in the
raw waves of emotion emanating
from their enemies. They are vicious
in the extreme, and never miss
an opportunity to inflict a final

agony on a dying victim, twisting
their claws in the mortal wound
to cause the maximum amount
of pain. Indeed, Daemonettes
enjoy nothing more than playing
with their prey, such as gleefully
showing a dismembered victim
their own severed limbs, or using
their serpent-like speed to inflict
dozens of cosmetic wounds or
trace blasphemous words on
their target’s body. Each act of
disfigurement and degradation is
met with shrill keening excitement
by the Daemonettes nearby, each
one outwardly impressed by their
kindred’s
red work, while secretly
tr ying to out-perform the other in
some act of grisly extravagance. By
drawing out such horrific acts, the
Daemonette drinks in the torment
and despair, eagerly lapping up the
raw emotions that fill the air.

In appearance, Daemonettes are
both beautiful and revolting.
They have slender, clean-limbed
bodies with pale, smooth skin,
and an androgynous charm that is
augmented by a permeating aura of
beguilement. This is heightened by
the strange musk that hangs about
them like a cloying perfume, a heady
and intoxicating aroma. Those who
face the Daemonettes in battle find
themselves stricken with unnatural
emotions, their martial instincts
giving way to overpowering feelings
of lust and adoration. Yet
there is
something about the Daemonettes’

charms that causes an abiding
self-loathing among any who view
them. The most stoic warriors find
themselves overtaken by jealousy
and disgust, seeing a perfection
in their otherworldly foes that
is impossible for them to attain
for themselves.

Daemonettes are possessed of
a hypnotic glamour, an aura
that disguises their true form,
rendering them as alluring visions
of perfection. Though in reality
their appearance is repulsive and
terrifying, this supernatural power
transforms them into the ultimate
object of desire in the eyes of
mortals, regardless of their race,
gender or morality. None exposed to
the Daemonettes forget the tide of
sensuality that washes over them as
they gaze upon those graceful forms;
the strange feelings evoke both
repugnance and a perverse longing
that forever gnaws at the minds of
those who see them.

It is only when a Daemonette is
poised to strike that they unveil their
actual appearance. Forced to look
upon the grotesque disfigurements
of the creature’s
face and body, the
victim sees the barbed claws for
the first time just as those cruel
talons are about to tear through
flesh. Those few who survive are left
devastated in mind and soul, forever
haunted by the monstrous beauty of
the Daemonette.


PAGEBREAK
CHARIOTS OF CRUEL DESIRE

Chariots of Cruel Desire

The blade-wheeled war machines ridden to battle by Daemonettes and Bladebringer Heralds are weapons as much
as they are conveyances. From the sleek Seeker Chariots to the multi-bladed Hellflayers and the massive, soul-
threshing contraptions known as Exalted Chariots, they are fast, elegant, and deadly.

make the perfect driving force for
the chariots of Slaanesh’s hosts.

SEEKER CHARIOTS

The fastest and most nimble of
the Hedonite chariots are the war
machines known as Seeker Chariots.
As the straining Steeds of a Seeker
Chariot pull the bladed death-
machine to fu l l speed, swirling
shapes sear the air with blinding

Each of the chariots that ride at the
fore of the Hedonite hosts is slender
yet ar tfu l in its construction, its
elegant metal frame lightweight
enough to reach lethal speeds and
perform daring manoeuvres. At the
same time it is robust enough to
crash through the enemy ranks in
an explosion of gore. The daemon-
beasts that haul these chariots to
battle have an innate recklessness
and a sense of sadism, their darting
tongues lashing as they taste the
droplets of blood that scent the air.
The Steeds wi l l steer their chariots
into the thickest concentration
of enemy forces time and time
again, for they fear nothing save
boredom and blandness, and
have not the wit to value self-
preservation. In this they

streaks of vibrant,
luxurious
colour. The metal axles screech in
a disharmony akin to the wailing
of tormented souls, a terrible
cacophony that ululates between the
keening of the Daemonettes and the
lilting hoots of the Steeds. When the
chariot darts through the chanting,
sashaying ranks of the Hedonites
to ram into the lines of the foe, the
Daemonettes standing upon it dance
from yoke to spar,
laughing as their
every disembowelling strike weaves
bloody trails in the air.

The riders of Seeker Chariots carr y
long whips that end in hooks,
twirling one in each hand to great
effect. They can be used to flense
flesh, rip out throats and tear eyes
from sockets, for the skill with
which their wielders employ them
is supernatural. More than that,
they can be used to grab nearby
enemies and yank them in close as
a fisherman might pluck his catch
from the sea. The daemons do not
seek to keep those they catch whole
– quite the opposite,
in fact, for


PAGEBREAK
SLISHY GHEISTBANE, DARK SAVIOUR OF CHARRBONE COAST

The strange tale of Slishy Gheistbane is told along the coastlines of Shyish’s Prime Innerlands.
Though the Bladebringer and their cavalcade of riders are vicious and sadistic killers, it
was their intervention over the course of the necroquake that saved the wider region
of Charrbone. When the great ritual of Nagash’s Black Pyramid sent processions of
Nighthaunts cascading across the lands, the ghostly riders known as the Souldrinker
Hunt were at the fore. Buoyed by roiling waves of necromantic magic, the gheists
moved as a hurricane – and in that speed, Slishy saw a challenge. The Godseekers
charged pell-mell alongside the Nighthaunt spirits, racing to outpace the
newcomers in a running battle as they hurtled towards the cliff-side villages that
were their prey. As the hunt accelerated, Slishy got to the villages first, for the Herald’s
daring and swiftness were unmatched. Every living soul found there was slain. When the
Souldrinker Hunt descended to feed upon the mortal souls, they discovered only cooling
corpses – robbed of their spirit-fodder,
they began to dissipate and fade. The Nighthaunt
invasion was over before it had truly started, and Slishy proved supreme.

they wi l l do ever ything they can
to pull their prey into the path of
the spinning scythes and blades
that form the chariot’s wheels. It is
seen as the height of a charioteer’s
expertise to pull two such
individuals under the bladed wheels
of their conveyance at one time.

HELLFLAYERS

The strange war machines known
as Hellflayers take the principle of
the Seeker Chariot one step further.
Where the more traditional chariot
is long and sleek, the Hellflayer is
broad, its two Steeds not bound by
a yoke, but ridden by Daemonette
cavaliers on either end of a massive
axle made of bladed wheels. Each
wheel is like a star in shape, the
prongs curved in such a way they
impale anything they run over
like a mass of elegant silver claws.
The weapons of the Hellflayer are
not normal blades, but ensorcelled
weapons that bear a strange curse.
A mortal creature that is slain by
these slashing blades has its soul
transmuted into an exhilarating
incense that is breathed in with
ecstasy by the Allurer that stands tall
upon its fighting platform.

In the Realm of Chaos these strange
conveyances were once used to
mow through Slaanesh’s hellish
gardens. There were planted those
souls who had wronged him, buried
under the fleshy sediment with
only their forearms and lower legs
sticking above the ground. A curse
of regrowth was cast upon these
unfortunates,
for none are allowed to
die in Slaanesh’s gardens without his
permission. Each day the Hellflayers
of Slaanesh had the strange task
of riding over these fields of
outstretched limbs, their lacerating
blades cutting fingers, toes, hands
and feet from the buried prisoners
– for these extremities are rich in
nerves, and their sudden mutilation
always provoked an extreme
reaction. Overnight, the limbs of
the imprisoned souls regrew, ready
for the Hellflayers to cut them to
ribbons the next day to a chorus of
sudden, outraged screams.

The first Daemonettes to bring their
Hellflayer to war were rebels that did
so without Slaanesh’s permission.
They were transformed into cold
marble statues as punishment – but
the machine proved so effective
it has been used by the Hedonites
ever since.

EXALTED CHARIOTS

Exalted Chariots are ridden to war
by Daemonettes of very high status.
These are not so much connoisseurs
of battle as gluttons, seeking the foe
wherever they are most numerous
and ploughing into the enemy battle
line with hysterical abandon. Given
that these conveyances provide a
glorious vantage point from which to
view a battle, they are often chosen
as mounts for preening Allurers,
who like to be admired as much as
they like to ki l l. They are festooned
with razor-sharp blades, much
like the Hellflayer, and the entire
rear axle is a giant whirling mass
of flensing metal. Anything that
falls beneath the chariot’s wheels
is destined to emerge as a fine red
mist. Though a victim’s body may
perish in a spectacular fashion, their
unfortunate soul endures much
longer. The chariot’s ensorcelled
blades hook deep into the spiritual
remains of its victims, drawing them
ever deeper into the maelstrom of
metal to suffer over and over again.


PAGEBREAK
SEEKERS, FIENDS AND HELLSTRIDERS

Seekers, Fiends and Hellstriders

The shock troops of the Slaaneshi hosts take many strange and sensuous forms. Whether beast, fiend or cavalier,
they all thri l l to the heart-pounding rush of racing into combat, and the explosion of activity that follows. To
them, the visceral punch of the charge hitting home is sensory perfection itself.

SEEKERS

The swift Daemonette cavaliers
known as Seekers ride to war upon
Steeds of Slaanesh. This sinuous
beast is a swift and powerful biped,
with a serpentine body propelled by
two long, muscular legs. The colour
of its hide eternally shifts from soft
blues to pastel purples to gentle
ochres. Its head is narrow,
little
more than a slender snout with eyes
that glint with the energies of the
god that created them. From their
mouth darts a tongue several feet
long, capable of tasting the desires
of mortals. So swollen are their
sensoriums that they can trace fear,
joy and lust on the breeze from a
mile away.

Sometimes a Daemonette or, rarer
still, a mortal champion, wi l l steal
into Slaanesh’s glorious pastures
to secure themselves a Steed from
among the herds. Such an endeavour
is arduous, for the beasts can run
at great speed for an eternity,
outpacing any pursuer. To succeed,
the hunter must be wily and exploit
the creature’s
insatiable curiosity.
Like all daemons of the Dark Prince,
the Steeds of Slaanesh crave sensory
experiences, and they wi l l quickly
investigate something that is new
or different. A cunning pursuer can
lure a Steed with shining gems or
a silvery bauble, or ambush them
as they drink from rivers of exotic
spirits or scented oils.

If a Daemonette can sneak close
enough to a Steed while it is
distracted, they can use a chain
of fine gold or silver to ensnare it,
flinging it around the beast’s neck.
Steeds are vicious, their clawed feet
kicking and their tongues lashing
out like whips as they seek to
escape. Once it is chained, however,
a Daemonette can swiftly subdue
the beast and make it their own.
With the new mount secured, the
Daemonette wi l l ride to war as a
Seeker of Slaanesh, one of the Dark
Prince’s
immortal hunters.

Seekers form the vanguard of many
of the Dark Prince’s armies, and the
core of his hunter legions. The Steeds
are swift beyond belief, their sinuous
bodies undulating as they speed
towards the foe on delicate, bird-like
feet. Some Seekers carr y elongated
horns that they blow as they ride,
sending out a cacophonous dirge
that spurs their pack onwards and
strikes terror into the hearts of their
fleeing quarry. Others hold aloft
graven icons or banners that bear
the profane symbols of Slaanesh, and
from which decadent energies exude,
forming an intoxicating cloud.

Seekers possess an unnaturally
advanced ability to track their foe
– even from one realm to the next.
There is little sense in running from
these tenacious hunters, and few
of their chosen quarr y ever escape.
Towards hunt’s end, the daemons
often back off in their pursuit so as
to prolong the terror of their victim,
fanning the flames of false hope for
a little longer. The ki l l is practically
inevitable, however, and when they
close in on their prey,
the Steeds’
long, toxin-coated tongues dart out
to ensnare their victims, shuddering
in delight as they taste the mortals’
souls. Before the horrified morsel
can struggle free, they are dragged
towards the daemonic beasts and
their riders, whose fanged smiles and
cur ving claws welcome them to an
agonising oblivion.


PAGEBREAK
FIENDS

Fiends of Slaanesh appear as an
unholy mixture of physical creatures
and writhing nightmares. They are
chimerical beings, formed from the
Chaos-induced dreams of mortal
minds and given shape by the
Prince of Excess. Their lower limbs
resemble those of a human, with
one pair of legs that faces forwards
and a second pair that is twisted to
face backwards, and their arms end
in enormous pincer-like claws. In
addition, each Fiend has a barbed
tail that waves sinuously behind it.
This formidable appendage can lash
out with force powerful enough to
crack open even plate armour, and
its stinger is loaded with a potent
venom that brings agony and death.
A Fiend’s head is sleek and draconic,
and from it sprout long horns, rows
of insectile spines or shocks of
vibrant hair.

Such a collage of forms should by
all rights repulse the sane mind, but
Fiends emit an unnatural soporific
musk, a heady fragrance that attracts
and immobilises their prey. The
narcotic pleasures they exude are
reserved only for their enemies,
lacing mortal thoughts with the most
rapturous of hallucinated visions.
Those whose musk is the most
hypnotically potent are known as
Blissbringers, and they are capable
of transforming even stoic warlords
into carefree dreamers, adrift with
ecstasy and completely incapable
of defending themselves. As a
victim succumbs to the pervasive
sweet state of euphoria, their limbs
grow heavy and their thoughts
drift dreamily elsewhere. Notions
of combat, strategy and even
sur vival are replaced by an endless,
salubrious sea of delirium. It is then
that the Fiends close, moving like a
wafting breeze given form until the
daemons’ razor-sharp claws sweep
down and rend their victim apart.
Few foes put up any semblance of a
fight – most are simply slaughtered
in a state of unbridled ecstasy.

Only a superhuman feat of willpower
has any hope of fighting through
a Fiend’s bewitching aura, and a
mortal who somehow emerges from
the euphoric nightmare alive wi l l
never be the same again. Though

they recall little of the experience –
their mind unable to recollect the
Fiend’s dreams without inviting
insanity – they are left with dim
impressions of writhing limbs and
long,
lashing tongues, of inhuman
squeals of delight and impossible
faces contorted with the ecstasy
of pain. Even worse than this is
the overwhelming sense of sweet
suffocation that haunts their
every waking moment – a cloying,
seductive scent that fills their heart
with dark desires and an irresistible
urge towards certain destruction.

Fiends are unnaturally swift, moving
with a strange and scuttling gait as
they pursue those who would refuse
Slaanesh’s
intoxicating embrace. As
the daemonic beasts close for the
kill, they let out a keening song to
each other – a haunting discordance
interweaved with melodic riffs and
throbbing base notes. This call is
not merely sonic, but also aetheric,
resonating through the veil so that
it is heard all the way back in the
Palace of Pleasure. The daemonic
creatures within Slaanesh’s domain
are entranced by these distant
hymns and lullabies. For mortals –
especially those attempting to wield
sorcerous energies – the siren call
of the Fiends of Slaanesh is far less
pleasurable, and the rapidly shifting
scale and pitch can cause eyes to
vitrify, noses to bleed and eardrums
to burst. This shrill chorus continues
to echo long after battle, and through
its song the agony and ecstasy of
slaughter can be heard for days,
months, or even years to come.

HELLSTRIDERS

Hellstriders are mortal devotees of
torment who hunt from the back of
impossibly swift daemonic Steeds.
They fight to inflict pain and despair,
landing grievous blows upon their
victims where they are most likely
to prolong the agonising moment of
death. Some Hellstriders fight with
blades that long ago mutated into
their own flesh, while others carr y
writhing lashes that move with an
intelligence of their own. These
barbed whips strike with incredible
speed, splitting skin, ripping
out throats and flensing muscle
from bone.

Slaanesh finds the desperation of
others exhilarating, especially that
of mortals who strive for greatness
but possess neither the strength
or cunning to achieve it. To these
weak-willed men, Slaanesh offers a
dark bargain – power, but at a price.
The Dark Prince sends a Steed of
Slaanesh to these mortals, a gift to
carr y him from one glorious victory
to the next. In exchange, Slaanesh
asks only for an offering of enemy
souls. Few chosen for this path can
resist it, for with such a kingly gift
they wi l l surely rise to the top of
the ranks of the Hedonite hosts.
However, once they sit astride the
daemonic Steed and the pact is
sealed, they are never again able
to dismount. Though they do not
yet realise it, they have become
Slaanesh’s willing slaves.

As a Hellstrider fells his enemies, the
slaying of each new soul is rewarded
by the Dark Prince. Intoxicating
energy courses through the warrior’s
veins, invigorating his form with
a potent draught that leaves him
shuddering in delight. However,
such pleasure does not last for long,
and it is addictive in the extreme. At
battle’s end, all that remains are the
pangs of suffering and a gnawing
hunger that consumes all thoughts
bar one – to feel Slaanesh’s
favour
once again. Not even the dream of
becoming a mighty warlord endures,
for that too is sacrificed as the
cravings take hold. The Hellstriders
have cursed themselves to an eternal
hunt; they must fight to feed their
addiction to pain and torment, or die
from its withdrawal.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Half carnival, half blood-hunt,
the Slaaneshi assault thrills at every damnable sensation of war.
Those they prey upon can only hide for so long,
for the Hedonites will find them in the end…


PAGEBREAK
DARK SPLENDOUR

DARK SPLENDOUR

The presence and magnificence of Slaanesh’s Hedonites are compelling, especially when they gather in large
numbers, united by their colour schemes and iconography. Here we present a showcase of Slaanesh Hedonite
Citadel Miniatures expertly painted by the ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Swathed in the scented mists of Slaanesh’s
palace, Shalaxi Helbane strides from a Realmgate por tal, the greater daemon’s
admirers dancing as they revel
in the anticipation of the per fect slaughter to come.


PAGEBREAK
Shalaxi Helbane


PAGEBREAK
Keeper of Secrets with elegant greatblade and shining aegis


PAGEBREAK
The rivalry between Slaanesh and Khorne boils over into a thrashing, hacking storm of war. A Keeper of Secrets surveys
the field, unleashing spells and sonic assaults before wading into the fray with a hollow laugh.


PAGEBREAK
Even the duardin are not immune to the mind-
shattering magic of an Infernal Enrapturess.

Searching for Slaanesh,
the Godseekers leave a
gory trail through the twisted woods of Ulgu.

The hungering Hedonites follow the scent of
mania into the grot-held Shamboch Mountains.


PAGEBREAK
The Masque

Syll’Esske,

the Vengeful Allegiance

Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh

The Contorted Epitome


PAGEBREAK
Fiend

Fiend


PAGEBREAK
Hear tseeker

Seeker Icon Bearer

Seeker

The Hedonites
launch a devastating counter-offensive as the pestilential borders of Nurgle’s
Garden encroach upon the sovereign territory of the Dark Prince.


PAGEBREAK
Daemonette
Banner Bearer

Daemonette
Hornblower

Daemonette
Icon Bearer

Viceleader,
Herald of Slaanesh

Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted Chariot


PAGEBREAK
HOSTS WITHOUT NUMBER

HOSTS WITHOUT NUMBER

Daemons of Slaanesh can change their appearance on a whim, shifting colours not for camouflage, but to better
draw the gaze of their prey and thence hold them spellbound. The mortals that fight alongside them paint their
skin in a similar fashion. The Hedonite hosts can be almost any colour – but are always striking and often lurid.

Allurer of the
Porcelain Princedom
(Invaders)

Daemonette of the Onyx
Claw (Godseekers)

Daemonette, Host
of the Scented One
(Pretenders)

Daemonette of the Dark
Hunt (Godseekers)

Daemonette of the
Six Vices (Invaders)

Dancing down the steps of the Alabaster Palace in Ulgu, the Invaders of the Slashing Claw host bring war to their foes.


PAGEBREAK
A CACOPHONOUS HOST

A CACOPHONOUS HOST

One of the most important decisions you w i l l make when collecting a Slaaneshi force is what manner of host it w i l l
be – but within those categories there is a great deal of leeway as to its composition. There are many ways to collect
a Hedonites of Slaanesh army, and this spread offers one example of how a large host can be amassed for war.

When deciding what units to
include in your Hedonite host, you
might base your collection on the
appearance of the models, how they
wi l l perform on the tabletop, or a
piece of lore found in a battletome,
novel or setting of your own
creation. Wherever you take your
inspiration from, there is no single
right way to collect an army, only the
way that you deem best. The goal is
always the same – to field a force of
Hedonites ready to unleash thr i l ling
carnage on the foes of their god.
Here are a few insights into how we
assembled the collection below.

Any serious Slaanesh collection
should have a Keeper of Secrets as its
centrepiece, so our first step was to
include one of these greater daemons
to lead the force. A vicious asset in
a fight and an expert spellcaster, a
Keeper can cause havoc at long range
as well as up close. Enhanced by a
command trait and artefact of power,
they wi l l be capable of besting even
an enemy Bloodthirster.

We decided to make this force
an Invaders host, which fits well
narratively with the panoply of
hero models we have included,

each rivalling the Keeper of Secrets
for dominance over the army. The
named characters Syll’Esske and
the Masque are backed up by a
Viceleader, an Infernal Enrapturess,
four Bladebringers and the
Contorted Epitome. Together,
they
have enough magical ability to
overcome almost any foe. Should one
be slain, the others wi l l only grow in
power, as the player wi l l have extra
command points to concentrate on
the survivors. It wi l l be fun letting
the tides of battle dictate who has
the greatest claim to the title of
‘Warlord Supreme’.


PAGEBREAK
We’ve found the best way to deploy
Slaanesh heroes is in groups, which
each take on a single enemy unit.
Where a powerful enemy model
might be able to overpower a
Hedonite character acting alone,
working in concert they possess the
speed and versatility to stack the
fight in your favour. Slaanesh never
fights fair, after all.

In battle, this force wi l l aim to take
the initiative with an early strike
and then dictate the flow of the
battle. Outrider units such as the
Hellstriders and Seekers wi l l move
quickly down the flanks, seizing
objectives or tying up enemy missile
troops with a first turn charge –
they really are that fast. They can
also ‘run interference’
if needed by
tying up enemy forces that might be
seeking to tip the balance.

The vanguard elements, after
launching that first devastating
charge, are unlikely to break the
enemy in one go. They wi l l rely
on the Hellflayers and Exalted
Chariots to grind the enemy down
with a steady cascade of mortal
wounds. Any foes that survive
this devastating onslaught wi l l be
finished off by the next wave – the
Daemonettes. Though they are
lesser daemons, they can be vicious
in large numbers. You can use the
Locus of Diversion ability to ensure
they attack first, doing some damage
before the enemy can act. The Fiends
wi l l be kept in the centre of the
formation, able to respond rapidly
as the game progresses. We intend
to bulk these out to form larger
units – as with all things Slaanesh,
it’s knowing when to stop that is the
only problem!

1. Keeper of Secrets
2. Syll’Esske,
the Vengeful Allegiance
3. The Masque
4. Infernal Enrapturess, Herald
of Slaanesh
5. The Contorted Epitome
6. Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh
7. Bladebringer, Herald on
Exalted Chariot
8. Bladebringer, Herald on
Exalted Chariot
9. Bladebringer, Herald on
Seeker Chariot
10. Bladebringer, Herald on
Exalted Chariot
11. Hellflayer
12. Hellflayer
13. Three units of Daemonettes
14. Seekers of Slaanesh
15. Hellstriders
16. Hellstriders
17. Two units of Fiends


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
HEDONITES OF SLAANESH

PAINTING YOUR HEDONITES
OF SLAANESH

A Hedonites of Slaanesh army is an exciting painting challenge whether you are a veteran hobbyist or you have
never picked up a paintbrush in your life. On the following pages you w i l l find stage-by-stage guides to help you
get the most of your Slaanesh Citadel Miniatures, with tips and examples from the experts.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures, and a flamboyant host of
Slaanesh can be truly breathtaking.
There is real satisfaction to be had
in adding colour to your collection,
teasing out the finely sculpted
details, making your miniatures
your own, and creating a unified
force. After all, one painted model
looks great, but an entire army
brought together through shared
colours, iconography and ornate
heraldry is even better.

Before painting your models, you’ ll
first need to assemble them. To
begin with, we suggest you follow
the advice given in the construction
booklet provided with your models.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art,
lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstaking ly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs
that allow them to quickly complete
legions of warriors. And, of course,
there is plenty of middle ground for
those that enjoy painting their troops
but want to devote special attention
to key figures such as a Keeper of
Secrets. Again, there is no one way
to paint,
just the way that works best
for you. In the end, the goal is to field
a fully painted Slaaneshi army on
the tabletop.

On the following pages you wi l l find
stage-by-stage guides, variant colour
schemes and top tips to inspire you
as you paint your Hedonite host.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

DAEMONETTE FLESH

1

2

3

After undercoating with Corax
White Spray, apply a basecoat of
Slaanesh Grey.

Then shade the flesh areas with
Druchii Violet, ensuring the paint
does not pool in the recesses.

Reapply Slaanesh Grey to the
elevated areas to create the effect of
light and shadow.

4

5

Again focusing on the raised
details, apply a highlight of
Administratum Grey.

Finish by applying a fine highlight
to the most prominent areas using
Ulthuan Grey.

Top Tips: Thinning your paints with
a little water wi l l enable you to build
up even layers of colour, helping
the paints to blend smoothly on the
model. To thin, dab your chosen
paint onto your palette, then mix in
a little clean water using your brush.

When applying highlights, use a
light touch so that they appear soft
and natural.


PAGEBREAK
BANNERS AND ICONS

The following stages demonstrate
how to paint an icon of Slaanesh on
a purple banner. Before doing so,
paint the banner as follows:

1. Basecoat with Xereus Purple.

2. Apply a wash of Nuln Oil mixed
with Lahmian Medium in equal
parts (1:1) to the deepest recesses
of the banner.

3. Apply several thin coats of
Genestealer Purple to the
raised areas.

4. Apply a highlight of Pink Horror
on the edges and folds.

5. Finally,
apply thinner highlights
of Slaanesh Grey.

1

2

Using slightly thinned Ulthuan Grey,
carefully paint a circle. Position it
off-centre so you have enough room
for the rest of the symbol.

Paint two parallel
lines coming out
of the circle at around two o’clock.

3

4

Paint two crescents onto the lines, as
shown above.

Fill in the shapes you’ve painted
with a few coats of thinned-
down Ulthuan Grey, and broaden
the crescents.

Top Tips: We recommend sketching
out your chosen design on a piece
of paper prior to painting it onto
the banner. This wi l l allow you
to familiarise yourself with the
design, as well as providing a useful
reference to copy.

It’s also a good idea to use a circular
transfer if you have one available,
instead of drawing the circle free-
hand – circles can be tricky!

Finally, don’t worry if you make a
mistake – these can be easily tidied
up by re-applying the base colour
that you used on the banner – in this
case, Xereus Purple.

DAEMONETTE HAIR

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Screamer Pink.

Then shade the area with
Druchii Violet.

Drybrush the raised
details with Pink Horror.

Apply a fine highlight
using Emperor’s Children.


PAGEBREAK
DAEMONETTE HAIR VARIANTS

For this blue scheme,
basecoat with Stegadon
Scale Green, drybrush
with Sotek Green, then
highlight with Temple
Guard Blue.

CLOTH VARIANTS

Straight over Corax White,
apply a mix of Druchii
Violet/Lahmian Medium
(1:1). Then drybrush White
Scar and apply a further
White Scar highlight using
the edge of your brush.

For this red scheme,
basecoat with Abaddon
Black. Then apply Khorne
Red to the edges of the
hair strands. Finally,
highlight these edges with
Pink Horror.

Basecoat the hair with
Naggaroth Night. Then
shade with Nuln Oil.
Drybrush the area first
with Xereus Purple, then
with Genestealer Purple.

Baharroth Blue basecoat,
Blue Horror edge
highlight, Ulthuan Grey
fine highlight.

Abaddon Black basecoat,
Mechanicus Standard
Grey edge highlight,
Dawnstone fine highlight.

Genestealer Purple
basecoat, Warpfiend Grey
highlight, Slaanesh Grey
fine highlight.

Screamer Pink basecoat,
Nuln Oil (apply to
recesses), Pink Horror and
Ulthuan Grey highlights.

DAEMONETTE ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Abaddon Black.

Next, use Eshin Grey to
apply a generous highlight
to the edges and patterns.

Follow this with a
fine highlight using
Administratum Grey.

Dot Stormhost Silver onto
the studs to give them a
metallic finish.


PAGEBREAK
DAEMONETTE FLESH VARIANTS

Pallid Wych Flesh
basecoat, Emperor’s
Children/Lahmian
Medium 1:1, White Scar
soft highlight.

Screaming Skull basecoat,
thinned Lamenters
Yellow glaze, Screaming
Skull
layer, Pallid Wych
Flesh highlight.

Ulthuan Grey basecoat,
thinned Drakenhof
Nightshade, Pallid
Wych Flesh layer, White
Scar highlight.

Cadian Fleshtone
basecoat, thinned Druchii
Violet shade, Cadian
Fleshtone layer, Kislev
Flesh highlight.

HELLSTRIDER DETAIL VARIANTS

Skin: Kislev Flesh
basecoat, thinned
Reikland Fleshshade
(apply to recesses), Kislev
Flesh layer, Flayed One
Flesh highlight, Pallid
Wych Flesh soft highlight.

METAL VARIANTS

Skin: Rhinox Hide
basecoat, Doombull
Brown layer, Tuskgor
Fur highlight, Cadian
Fleshtone highlight.

Horn: Ushabti Bone
basecoat, thinned Agrax
Earthshade (build up
in layers so that the
shade is darker at the
joins). Ushabti Bone
highlight, Pallid Wych
Flesh highlight.

Silver Armour :

Ironbreaker basecoat,
thinned Druchii Violet
shade, Stormhost
Silver highlight.

Ironbreaker basecoat,
Druchii Violet/Lahmian
Medium (1:1) shade,
Stormhost Silver
edge highlight.

Retributor Armour
basecoat, Reikland
Fleshshade Gloss shade,
Auric Armour Gold
layer, Stormhost Silver
edge highlight.

Ironbreaker basecoat,
Nuln Oil Gloss
shade, Necron
Compound dr ybrush.

Warplock Bronze
basecoat, Nuln Oil
Gloss shade, Runelord
Brass drybrush, Necron
Compound dr ybrush.


PAGEBREAK
SEEKER FLESH AND SCALES VARIANTS

Flesh: Pallid Wych Flesh basecoat,
thinned Reikland Fleshshade recess
shade, Pallid Wych Flesh layer,
White Scar soft highlights.

Flesh: Jokaero Orange basecoat,
Fuegan Orange recess shade, Jokaero
Orange layer, Kislev Flesh and
Screaming Skull highlights.

Flesh: Ulthuan Grey basecoat,
Lothern Blue/Lahmian Medium (1:1)
recess shade, Ulthuan Grey layer,
White Scar soft highlight.

Scales: Abaddon Black
basecoat, Eshin Grey and
Dawnstone highlights.

CLAW VARIANTS

Scales: Mephiston Red basecoat,
Agrax Earthshade wash, Mephiston
Red layer, Evil Sunz heavy highlight
and Jokaero Orange fine highlight.

Scales: Abaddon Black
basecoat, Eshin Grey drybrush,
Dawnstone dr ybrush.

Caledor Sky basecoat, Drakenhof
Nightshade shade, Teclis Blue
highlight, Lothern Blue fine
edge highlight.

Over Abaddon Black, apply ever
finer highlights of Caliban Green,
Warpstone Glow and Moot Green.
Finish with flicks of Yriel Yellow.

Mephiston Red basecoat, Evil Sunz
Scarlet edge highlight, Fire Dragon
Bright fine edge highlight.

THE CONTORTED EPITOME – MIRROR OF ABSORPTION

1

2

3

4

Basecoat with
Celestra Grey.

Shade with a mix of
one part Drakenhof
Nightshade to two parts
Lahmian Medium (1:2).

Then apply a layer of
Celestra Grey mixed with
Lahmian Medium (1:1),
avoiding the recesses.

Highlight the raised
ripples with an Ulthuan
Grey and Lahmian
Medium mix (1:1).


PAGEBREAK
DETAILS

59

Crenellated Tentacles: Abaddon

Black basecoat, Khorne Red layer,
Pink Horror edge highlight,
Screaming Skull fine edge highlight.

Gemstones: Over an Abaddon Black
basecoat, paint ever finer layers
of Khorne Red, Pink Horror and
Fulgrim Pink, blending each layer
and leaving a circle of black showing
at the top. Add a White Scar dot at
top of gem. Paint ’Ardcoat over the
whole gemstone.

White Skin Markings: Use slightly

thinned White Scar to draw a large
swirl and then add smaller swirls
that spiral off it. We recommend you
practice your designs on a piece of
paper first.

Dark Daemon Flesh: Abaddon Black

basecoat, Dark Reaper highlight,
Administratum Grey fine highlight.

Heartstring Lyre: Apply Blood

For The Blood God over Cadian
Fleshtone,
leaving areas of
fleshy colour showing for a
gruesome effect.

Flesh Brands: Build up Screamer
Pink and Lahmian Medium (1:1)
around the area for an inflamed
effect. Then paint Blood For The
Blood God into the brand itself.

BASES

1

2

Affix pieces of slate around base,
leaving gaps for ichor bubbles.

To make the bubbles, roll Green Stuff
into small balls, leave to dry, then cut
in half and glue in place.

Slate: Drybrush Mechanicus
Standard Grey, Administratum
Grey,
then Ulthuan Grey.

Ichor : Basecoat with Naggaroth
Night,
layer Xereus Purple, then add
Genestealer Purple and Slaanesh
Grey pattern highlights.

Top Tips: When placing the slate
on the base, make a note of where
your model’s feet are going to be
positioned. It is best if you can
arrange the slate so that the model is
standing on one piece, or straddling
two pieces, so that the model isn’t
standing at an angle.

When applying the pattern
highlights on the purple ichor, use
thinned down paint so that it is
easier to control, and build up the
colour in increasingly lighter layers.


PAGEBREAK
THE HEDONITE HOSTS

THE HEDONITE HOSTS

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Slaanesh miniatures on the battlefields of the
Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The
rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Slaanesh
army. The rules for using allegiance
abilities can be found in the
core rules.

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in
a Slaanesh army (pg 61), as well
as abilities specific to units from
an Invaders Host army (pg 62), a
Pretenders Host army (pg 64), and a
Godseekers Host army (pg 66).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of
an Invaders Host army (pg 62), a
Pretenders Host army (pg 64) and a
Godseekers Host army (pg 66) if it is

a HERO.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in
an Invaders Host army (pg 63), a
Pretenders Host army (pg 65) and a
Godseekers Host army (pg 67).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Slaanesh army (pg 68-69).

FANE OF SLAANESH

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Fane of
Slaanesh (pg 70-71).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Slaanesh army (pg 72-73).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Slaanesh collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 74-77).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Slaanesh miniatures.

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Slaanesh units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 78-79).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Slaanesh
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 80-93).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that
can be summoned by Slaanesh
WIZARDS (pg 94-95). The rules for
playing games with endless spells
can be found in the Warhammer

Age of Sigmar Core Book , and
in Warhammer Age of Sigmar :
Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 96).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Slaanesh army can include (pg 96).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

Battle Traits

THRILLING COMPULSIONS

All units in a Slaanesh army

FEAST OF DEPRAVITIES

With violence and excess, the walls of reality can be
made thin enough to draw forth Slaaneshi daemons.

You can summon units of SLAANESH DAEMONS
to the battlefield if you collect enough depravity
points (DPs). Each time a wound or mortal wound
is inflicted on an enemy model by an attack made
by a friendly SLAANESH HERO or a spell cast by a
friendly SLAANESH HERO, and that enemy model is
not slain by that wound or mortal wound, you receive
1 depravity point. In addition, every time a wound or
mortal wound is allocated to a friendly SLAANESH
HERO and not negated, and that friendly model is not
slain by that wound or mortal wound, you receive 1
depravity point.

If you have any depravity points at the end of your
movement phase, you can summon one or more units
from the list below to the battlefield, and add them
to your army. Each unit you summon costs a number
of depravity points, as shown on the list, and you can
only summon a unit if you have enough depravity
points to pay its cost. Summoned units must be set up
wholly within 12" of a friendly SLAANESH HERO and
more than 9" from any enemy units. Subtract the cost
of the summoned unit from the number of depravity
points you have immediately after it has been set up.

HOSTS OF SLAANESH

The disappearance of Slaanesh has divided his followers
into several factions, each with their own agenda.

After you have chosen the Slaanesh allegiance for
your army, you must also choose a Host of Slaanesh
keyword for your army. You can choose for your army

to be an INVADERS HOST, a PRETENDERS HOST, or a

GODSEEKERS HOST. All units in your army gain the

keyword of the host that you have chosen. All units
with that keyword benefit from the host’s allegiance
abilities, which are presented on the following pages,
in addition to the allegiance abilities they have for
being from a Slaanesh army.

LOCUS OF DIVERSION

Hedonite leaders can fill the minds of those nearby with
perverse and compelling desires.

At the end of the charge phase, each friendly
HEDONITE HERO that is within 6" of an enemy unit
can create a locus of diversion. If they do so, pick 1
enemy unit that is within 6" of that HEDONITE HERO
and roll a dice, adding 2 if that HEDONITE HERO is a
GREATER DAEMON . On a 4+, that enemy unit fights at
the end of the following combat phase, after the players
have picked any other units to fight in that combat
phase. You cannot pick the same unit as the target for
this ability more than once in the same charge phase
(whether the roll is successful or not).

If a unit that is affected by this battle trait is also
affected by any rules that would allow it to fight at the
start of the following combat phase, that unit is not
affected by this rule or those other rules (the effects
cancel each other out).

EUPHORIC KILLERS

The followers of Slaanesh revel in slaughter,
the frisson
of battle driving them to strike again and again.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon by a CHAOS SLAANESH model is 6, that
attack inflicts 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make
a wound and save roll for each hit. If the attacking
model’s unit has 20 or more models, its attacks inflict 3
hits on an unmodified hit roll of 6 instead.

1 Keeper of Secrets
3 Seeker Chariots
30 Daemonettes
1 Contorted Epitome
1 Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted Chariot
3 Fiends
20 Daemonettes
1 Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer

30
30
25
18
18
18
18
15

1 Exalted Chariot
1 Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh
1 Bladebringer, Herald on Seeker Chariot
1 Hellflayer
1 Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh
1 Seeker Chariot
5 Seekers
10 Daemonettes

15
12
12
12
10
10
10
9


PAGEBREAK
INVADERS HOST BATTLE TRAITS

THE DESPOILER’S ART

INVADERS HOST units only

FIGUREHEADS OF THE DARK PRINCE

ESCALATING HAVOC

An Invaders host is led by numerous warlords, each
vying with the others for control and glory. Below these
figureheads fight a whirling riot of Slaanesh’s minions.

Invaders Host Battle Traits

Invaders wreak havoc upon the lands in their attempts
to outdo one another in Slaanesh’s name.

An INVADERS HOST army can have up to 3 generals
instead of 1. Only 1 of the generals (your choice)
can have a command trait, but all 3 are considered
to be a general for the purposes of using command
abilities. However, an INVADERS HOST general
cannot use a command trait or command ability while
they are within 12" of any other friendly INVADERS
HOST generals. In addition, each time 1 of your
generals is slain for the first time, you receive 1 extra
command point.

At the start of your hero phase, you receive D3
depravity points if any friendly INVADERS HOST units
are wholly within enemy territory. If 3 or more friendly
INVADERS HOST units are wholly within enemy
territory at the start of your hero phase, you receive D6
depravity points instead of D3.

INVADERS HEDONITE HOST

An Invaders host contains a vast multitude
of Daemonettes.

A Hedonite Host (pg 78) in an INVADERS HOST army
must contain 2-4 Epicurean Revellers battalions and
0-2 Seeker Cavalcade battalions instead of 1-3.

Invaders Host Command Traits

INVADERS HOST COMMAND TRAITS

OBSESSIONS OF THE INVADER

INVADERS HOST HERO general only

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Best of the Best: This warlord has to be the
apex at all times, and will fight all the harder if
another threatens to eclipse them.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
by this general while this general is within 6" of
another HERO.

Glory Hog: This warlord wants nothing more
than to revel in the defeat of their enemies.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
units were destroyed in that combat phase and
this general is on the battlefield, you receive 1
command point.

Hurler of Obscenities: The wicked tongue of

this warlord can drive a foe into a reckless rage.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy HERO within 6" of this general. Until the
end of that combat phase, add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by that enemy HERO that target
this general, but subtract 1 from save rolls for
attacks that target that enemy HERO.

4

5

6

Territorial: This warlord has staked their claim,
and will not relinquish it this side of the grave.

Add 1 to the number of depravity points you
receive from the Escalating Havoc battle trait if
this general is wholly within enemy territory at
the start of your hero phase.

Skin-taker: This warlord takes trophies to show
their supremacy, and finds bursts of power in
each act of self-aggrandisement.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
general’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal D3 wounds allocated to this general.

It doesn’t even enter this warlord’s head that
failure might be possible, and that unshakeable
confidence gives them great stamina.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of
this general.


PAGEBREAK
INVADERS HOST ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Invaders Host Artefacts of Power

SACRED SPOILS OF WAR

INVADERS HOST HERO only

D6

1

2

3

Artefact

The Rod of Misrule: This bejewelled staff of
office plants suggestions of megalomania in the
mind of those that hold it,
lending them great
charisma while also spurring them on to ever
greater acts of tyranny.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. On a
1, your opponent receives 1 command point. On
a 2-5 you receive 1 command point. On a 6, you
receive D3 command points.

Rapier of Ecstatic Conquest: This thin, elegant

blade is engraved with thousands of whispering,
red-lipped mouths. It can bestow crippling bliss
with the slightest scratch.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Whip of Subversion: The Whip of Subversion
is a snaking strap of spiked leather soaked in the
spittle of a hundred lasciv ious daemons. With
but a single caress,
it can drive a victim – or a
rival – to attack its own allies.

At the end of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO within 6" of the bearer. Pick
1 melee weapon that HERO is armed with,
and then pick 1 other enemy unit within 1" of
that HERO. The other unit suffers a number
of mortal wounds equal to the Attacks
characteristic of the melee weapon that
you picked.

4

5

6

Icon of Infinite Excess: Slaanesh’s most opulent
standard drives both the followers and enemies
of the Dark Prince into orgiastic fits of v iolence.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
until the end of that combat phase, add 1 to hit
rolls for units that were wholly within 12" of the
bearer at the start of that combat phase.

Fallacious Gift: To the beholder,

this cursed
gewgaw appears to be a sacred weapon that must
be held tightly at all costs, not the life-sapping
creation that it truly is.

After set-up is complete, but before the battle
begins, pick one enemy HERO, and then pick
one of their weapons. At the end of each battle
round in which that HERO has attacked with
that weapon, that HERO suffers 1 mortal wound.

The Beguiling Gem: Any that gaze upon this
intricately carved talisman are transfixed by its
otherworldly appearance.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
HERO within 3" of the bearer and roll 3D6. If
the roll is greater than that HERO ’s Bravery
characteristic, subtract 1 from the Attacks
characteristic of all of that HERO ’s melee
weapons (to a minimum of 0) until the end of
that phase.


PAGEBREAK
PRETENDERS HOST BATTLE TRAITS

Pretenders Host Battle Traits

MAGNIFICENCE MADE FLESH

PRETENDERS HOST units only

HEIR TO THE THRONE

Pretender hosts are made up of large throngs of
Slaaneshi warriors led by a power ful and charismatic
individual. In many cases, this will be a Keeper of
Secrets, or an especially arrogant, vain and ambitious
mor tal champion.

If the general of a PRETENDERS HOST army is a HERO,
they have 2 different command traits instead of 1
command trait. If you randomly generate the traits,
roll again if the second result is the same as the first.
In addition, you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee and missile weapons by friendly
PRETENDERS HOST units while they have 10 or
more models.

PRETENDERS HEDONITE HOST

A Pretender will rarely brook any rivals.

A Supreme Sybarites battalion (pg 79) in a

PRETENDERS HOST army must have only 1 CHAOS

SLAANESH HERO instead of 3-6.

WARLORD SUPREME

Pretender warlords must constantly prove their prowess
in order to deter any challengers that might otherw ise
rise from the ranks.

At the start of your hero phase, you receive D3
depravity points if your general is within 3" of any
enemy units. If your general is within 3" of 3 or more
enemy units at the start of your hero phase, you receive
D6 depravity points instead of D3.

PRETENDERS HOST COMMAND TRAITS

Pretenders Host Command Traits

ASPECTS OF THE PERFECT LIEGE

PRETENDERS HOST HERO general only

D6

1

Command Trait

Strength of Godhood: This warlord is so sure of
their own divinity they draw physical streng th
from their self-belief.

Once per combat phase, in step 4 of the attack
sequence, you can add D3 to the damage
inflicted by 1 successful attack made by
this general.

2

Monarch of Lies: With a flicker of their hooded
eyes, this warlord can learn the secrets of those
around it – and whisper unsettling truths that
distract their foes at a critical moment.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
HERO within 3" of this general. Subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that enemy HERO
in that phase.

3

True Child of Slaanesh: This warlord’s aura of

depravity is so thick it is almost palpable.

At the start of the first battle round, before
determining which player has the first turn, roll
6 dice. You receive 1 depravity point for each
roll of 5+.

4

5

6

Strongest Alone: This warlord fights most
fiercely on their own, lest their followers sully
their greatness with their lesser presence.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
general while there are no other friendly models
within 6" of this general.

Hunter of Godbeasts: This warlord seeks to

prove their divinity by hunting the largest prey
of all, for they reason only a god can defeat
a godbeast.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by successful
attacks made by this general that target

a MONSTER .

Inspirer: The warlord’s
followers are driven to
acts of heroism by the sheer presence of their
demigod liege – to be close to such greatness is
truly inspiring.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
PRETENDERS HOST units while they are wholly
within 9" of this general.


PAGEBREAK
PRETENDERS HOST ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Pretenders Host Artefacts of Power

REGALIA OF THE RIGHTFUL HEIR

PRETENDERS HOST HERO only

D6

1

2

3

Artefact

The Crown of Dark Secrets: This diadem reveals

to the wearer hellish truths. Each lends power
over a par ticular foe, but the price of learning
them is eternal servitude to Slaanesh.

At the start of the first battle round, pick 1
enemy HERO. You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made by the bearer that target that HERO, and
you can re-roll unbinding rolls for unbinding
attempts made by the bearer for spells that were
cast by that HERO.

Pendant of Slaanesh: This pendant burrows

deep into the owner’s chest and nestles next
to their hear t, invigorating them with sublime
energy whenever they feel pain.

At the start of your hero phase, you can heal up
to D3 wounds allocated to the bearer.

Sliverslash: Said to be a sliver of Slaanesh’s
own
elegant blade, this arcane sword is bathed in the
energies of excess, and moves like quicksilver to
slake its deadly thirst.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to
the Attacks characteristic of that weapon.

4

5

6

Sceptre of Domination: The bearer of this

bejewelled sceptre can seduce the minds of
their foes.

At the start of the hero phase, if the bearer is
within 12" of any enemy HEROES , and your
opponent has any command points, roll a dice.
On a 4+, your opponent loses 1 command point
and you receive 1 command point.

Breathtaker: Laced with ornate filigrees and
capable of moving with unnatural grace, this
gorgeous blade captivates
those around it and
saps their will to retaliate against attacks.

You can re-roll the dice roll that determines
if an enemy HERO within 3" of the bearer is
affected by the Locus of Diversion battle trait
(pg 61).

Mask of Spiteful Beauty : This mask fills the

souls of those who behold it with disgust at their
own grotesque appearance.

At the start of your hero phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 6" of the bearer. Subtract 2 from
that unit’s Bravery characteristic until your next
hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
GODSEEKERS HOST BATTLE TRAITS

Godseekers Host Battle Traits

BLESSINGS OF THE GLEEFUL CHASE

GODSEEKERS HOST units only

THUNDERING CAVALCADE

Hosts of Slaaneshi Godseekers are thundering
cavalcades of cruel-eyed hedonists that gallop forth on
Steeds of Slaanesh or ride atop whirl-bladed chariots.

Add 1 charge rolls for units in a GODSEEKERS
HOST army.

GODSEEKERS HEDONITE HOST

A Godseekers host contains a vast vanguard of Seekers.

A Hedonite Host (pg 78) in a GODSEEKERS HOST
army must contain 0-2 Epicurean Revellers battalions
and 2-4 Seeker Cavalcade battalions instead of 1-3.

MANIACAL HUNTERS

Trilling and shrieking,
laughing and groaning,
Godseekers sweep down upon their prey in a wild mass.

At the end of your charge phase, you receive D3
depravity points if any friendly GODSEEKERS HOST
units made a charge move in that phase. If 3 or more
friendly GODSEEKERS HOST units made a charge
move in that phase, you receive D6 depravity points
instead of D3.

GODSEEKERS HOST COMMAND TRAITS

Godseekers Host Command Traits

TRAITS OF THE SEEKER SUPREME

GODSEEKERS HOST HERO general only

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Hunter Supreme: The sense of ecstasy when the
hunter has its prey at bay is thrilling, but to this
warlord it is beyond compare – they are exper t at
cornering their victims before the kill.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for
attacks made by this general if this general
made a charge move in the same turn.

Thrill-seeker : This warlord seeks out sensation,
the more extreme the better – and will go to the
ends of the realms to find it.

This general can run and still charge later in
the same turn. If this general already has an
ability that allows them to run and still charge
later in the same turn, add 3 to run rolls for this
general instead.

Into the Fray : The first blow struck is the
sweetest, and this warlord makes sure they slake
their desire for violence with force and skill.

The hit roll for the first attack made by this
general during the battle is automatically a 6 (do
not roll the dice).

4

5

6

Trail-sniffer: Finding even the tiniest hint of
Slaanesh’s presence sends this warlord into a
violent ecstasy.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for
this general if this general is wholly within
enemy territory. On a 3+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this general’s melee weapons
until your next hero phase.

Symphoniac: The warlord is attuned to the
lilting strains of Slaanesh’s music – when they
add their voice to the chorus of screams, the
enemy’s ears bleed and minds fray apar t.

At the start of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit within 3" of this general. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Speed-chaser: To be slow is to die! This warlord
must keep moving, going ever faster and
reaching a deadly velocity that leaves a trail of
corpses in their wake.

This general can retreat and still charge later in
the same turn.


PAGEBREAK
Godseekers Host Artefacts of Power

GODSEEKERS HOST ARTEFACTS OF POWER

TREASURES OF THE HUNT

GODSEEKERS HOST HERO only

D6

1

2

3

Artefact

Cameo of the Dark Prince: This tiny locket

holds a cameo magically sculpted to emit
Slaanesh’s
radiance. To look upon it is to feel a
great surge of inspiration and resolve.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do
so, you receive 1 command point, and until
your next hero phase you do not have to take
battleshock tests for friendly CHAOS SLAANESH
units while they are wholly within 18" of
the bearer.

Girdle of the Realm-racer : This magic belt

cinches in the waist,
its teeth digging in painfully.
It renders the wearer and their steed feather-
light, allowing them to skip across their enemies
and even the most hazardous terrain.

Subtract 1 from the bearer’s Wounds
characteristic. In addition, the bearer can fly.

Threnody Voicebox: When swallowed and

held in the gullet, this tiny music box allows the
bearer to let fly a mournful melody that can drive
enemies into a half-manic stupor.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO that is within 3" of the bearer.
Subtract 1 from the Attacks characteristic
of melee weapons used by that HERO (to a
minimum of 1) until the end of that phase.

4

5

6

Lash of Despair : The cords of this whip are
span of soul-stuff, and when the lash cracks the
soul-streamers
splay outward, striking wildly at
all nearby.

At the start of your shooting phase, you
can roll a dice for each enemy unit within
6" of the bearer. On a 4+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Enrapturing Circlet: The variegated tendrils
exuding from this daemonic band capture and
ensnare nearby warriors.

Enemy units within 3" of the bearer cannot
retreat. In addition, at the start of your hero
phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit within 3"
of the bearer. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Bindings of Slaanesh: This champion is clad

in writhing chains and leather straps that have
burrowed deep in their flesh. In combat,
these
bindings lash out at their foes.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO within 3" of the bearer and
roll 2D6. If the roll is greater than that enemy
HERO ’s Move characteristic, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that enemy HERO
until the end of that phase. In addition, if the
roll is greater than that enemy HERO ’s Wounds
characteristic, that enemy HERO suffers D3
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
SPELL LORES

Spell Lores

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each SLAANESH WIZARD in a Slaanesh army.
In addition, any number of different SLAANESH WIZARDS in a Slaanesh army that have the Acquiescence spell on
their warscroll can use it in the same turn, as long as the same WIZARD does not attempt to cast it more than once in
that turn.

LORE OF SLAANESH

SLAANESH DAEMON WIZARDS only

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Lash of Slaanesh: A long tongue-like whip of
energy erupts from the caster’s
forehead and
lashes into the ranks of the enemy.

Lash of Slaanesh has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 point on the battlefield
within 12" of the caster that is visible to them,
and draw an imaginar y straight line 1mm wide
between that point and the closest part of the
caster’s base. Roll a dice for each enemy model
passed across by this line. On a 4+ that model’s
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Pavane of Slaanesh: The caster whistles the
tune to one of the darkling dances of Slaanesh,
causing their foe to jerk spasmodically until their
bones break.

Pavane of Slaanesh has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HERO within
6" of the caster that is visible to them, and roll
a number of dice equal to that HERO ’s Move
characteristic. For each 5+, that HERO suffers 1
mortal wound.

Hysterical Frenzy : The caster’s victims

are engulfed by a torrent of unreasoning
emotion, causing them to claw at themselves in
blissful rapture.

Hysterical Frenzy has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit wholly
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them,
and roll 1 dice for each model in that unit. For
each 6, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

4

5

6

Soulslice Shards: The caster flicks their wrist
and a cloud of ethereal dar ts bursts from their
hand, flensing the minds and souls of their foes.

Soulslice Shards has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them, and roll
2D6. If the roll is higher than that unit’s Bravery
characteristic, that unit suffers a number of
mortal wounds equal to the difference between
its Bravery characteristic and the roll.

Phantasmagoria: The sorcerer summons illusory
creatures that flit across the battlefield, seducing
and bew ildering the sorcerer’s
foes.

Phantasmagoria has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them, and roll 6
dice. For each 5+, until your next hero phase,
subtract 1 from that unit’s Bravery characteristic
(to a minimum of 1).

Born of Damnation: The sorcerer creates a
small portal though which the raw power of
Slaanesh can flow.

Born of Damnation has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly HEDONITE
HERO within 6" of the caster that is visible to
them. You can heal 1 wound allocated to that
HERO. If the casting roll was 10+, you can heal
D3 wounds allocated to that HERO instead of 1.


PAGEBREAK
FORBIDDEN SORCERIES OF SLAANESH

SLAANESH GREATER DAEMONS only

D3

1

Spell

Song of Secrets: Everyone has deep-rooted
secrets, and greater daemons of Slaanesh are
adept at divining them and manipulating them
to their own ends.

Song of Secrets has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit wholly
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them,
and roll 1 dice for each model in that unit. For
each 6, you receive 1 depravity point.

2

Progeny of Damnation: The greater daemon

rips a massive portal though which the raw
power of Slaanesh can flood .

Progeny of Damnation has a casting value of
7. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly DAEMON

HEDONITE HERO within 6" of the caster that
is visible to them. You can heal D3 wounds
allocated to that HERO. If the casting roll was
10+, you can heal D6 wounds allocated to that
HERO instead of D3.

3

Slothful Stupor : No natural malaise is this,
but a deep spiritual ennui that saps all sense of
purpose and enthusiasm.

Slothful Stupor has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HERO within
12" of the caster that is visible to them. Until
your next hero phase, that HERO cannot use
command abilities, and cannot run or attempt
to charge.

LORE OF PAIN AND PLEASURE

MORTAL SLAANESH WIZARDS only

D3

1

Spell

Battle Rapture: The caster fills an ally with a
glorious delight in battle that drives out any
feelings of fear or need for self-preservation.

Battle Rapture has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly MORTAL
SLAANESH unit wholly within 18" of the caster
that is visible to them. Do not take battleshock
tests for that unit until your next hero phase.
If the casting roll is 10+, you can pick up to 3
friendly MORTAL SLAANESH units that are
wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to
them, instead of 1.

2

Dark Delusions: The caster creates an illusion of
the enemy’s darkest desire and dangles it before
them, breaking their concentration and leaving
them vulnerable to attack.

Dark Delusions has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit wholly
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them,
and roll 2D6. If the roll is equal to or greater
than that unit’s Bravery characteristic, add 1
to hit rolls for attacks that target that unit until
your next hero phase.

3

Hellshriek: The sorcerer summons a chorus of
diabolical screams that torture the soul with a
symphony of pain.

Hellshriek has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, roll a dice for each enemy unit
within 6" of the caster. On a 5+, that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
FANE OF SLAANESH

Fane of Slaanesh

After territories have been chosen
but before armies are set up, you

can set up the FANE OF SLAANESH

wholly within your territory and
more than 3" from any other terrain
features or objectives.

A Slaanesh army can include 1
FANE OF SLAANESH terrain feature
(see opposite).

If both players can set up a terrain
feature before armies are set up, they
must roll off, and the winner can
choose the order in which the terrain
features are set up.

Wherever the hosts of Slaanesh gather in the Mortal Realms they raise up Fanes of Slaanesh – beautifully crafted
structures that bear the icon of the Dark Prince and dominate the surrounding landscape. They act as conduits to
the Palace of Slaanesh, allowing the greatest of the usurpers within to lavish blessings – or curses – on a whim.
F olding his fleshy wings like a cloak, Vothrons crested the ridge
of the hill to see a scene of utter bedlam unfolding below. There
was the sacred Fane Glorias, capping an outcrop of rock just as
Vothrons’ map of human skin had said it would be. It was surrounded
by the milling, crashing tides of a brutal melee between his fellow
Slaaneshi Hedonites and the Khorne-worshipping beasts that walked
as men. Excellent, thought Vothrons. Let this be a festival of v iolence to
honour my coronation.
‘They seek to profane the sigil of the Dark Prince!’ he shouted, drawing
his blades and waving his warband of exper t sinners forwards. He
smirked, unable to contain his glee at finally having found the lodestone
of power after seven years of hard searching.
‘Teach these oafs the
meaning of agony, before the hour is too late!’ Too late for him to claim
the Fane’s
legendary blessing for himself, he thought.
Already one of his rival Hedonites, the snake-bodied Zharaghaz, was
fighting through a scrum of bare-chested Bloodreavers towards the Fane
Glorias – he flung the last of the blood-worshippers from the edge of a
high escarpment, slithered up to the Fane on that disgusting tail of his,
and placed his g ilded trident reverently atop the piles of treasure that
surrounded it. Vothrons
seethed with envy as Zharaghaz was limned
with crackling lilac energy, before leaping back into the fray to tear the
Khornate reavers limb from limb with his bare hands.
Vothrons
spread his wings, leapt from the cliff ’s edge and soared over
the thrashing, blood-spraying melee. He landed with a crunch amidst
the scattered mounds of gold, glimmerings and jewel-studded bones
that surrounded the Fane. A gore-spattered reaver, cut in half at the
waist and with his arms severed, tried to bite at his legs; he kicked the
mutilated fool over the rocky outcrop.
‘Great Slaanesh, w itness my offering!’ Vothrons
shouted, placing his
finely crafted blades atop the pile.
‘I claim that which is rightfully mine!’
The skies roared, more that of an angered predator than a peal of
thunder. Then Vothrons began to change. Tentacles burst from his chest,
then his neck, then his waist in a skir t-like frond. He grew grotesquely
fat in a hear tbeat, then fell backwards, bleating in terror as his head
changed to that of a sheep. He was dead before he hit the rocks below.


PAGEBREAK
FANE OF SLAANESH

A Fane of Slaanesh is a focus of worship wrought in precious metal. Around it are laid offerings to the Dark
Prince, but in truth it is one of his most exalted greater daemons that peers through. Those whose offerings meet
with the creature’s approval are rewarded highly – but those who offend are justly punished.

do so, that artefact of power can
no longer be used (if a weapon was
picked when the artefact of power
was selected, that weapon reverts to
normal). However, on a roll of 2+,
you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made by that HERO for the rest of the
battle instead of only until your next
hero phase.

DESCRIPTION

A Fane of Slaanesh is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

Damned Conduit: Slaanesh’s

minions can make sacrifices at a Fane
of Slaanesh to gain mar tial prowess.

SCENERY RULES

Power of Slaanesh: A Fane of

Slaanesh channels arcane power to
the Dark Prince’s
sorcerers, while
filling their foes with dread.

If you spend depravity points to
summon a unit to the battlefield, and
that unit is set up wholly within 12"
of this terrain feature, you receive D3
depravity points after that unit has
been set up.

At the start of your hero phase,
you can pick 1 friendly CHAOS
SLAANESH HERO within 6" of this
terrain feature to make a sacrifice.
If you do so, that HERO suffers 1
mortal wound, and you must roll a
dice. On a 1, nothing happens. On a
2+ you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made by that HERO until your next
hero phase.

If that HERO has an artefact of
power, they can sacrifice that instead
of suffering 1 mortal wound. If they

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, SLAANESH, FANE OF SLAANESH


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Two Hosts go to War

TWO HOSTS GO TO WAR

BATTLEPLAN

The hosts of Slaanesh have long held
bitter rivalries. With their deity
missing, many warlords hope to
claim dominion over all their kith
and kin, and in doing so dominate
the realms and consecrate them in
the name of their fell patron – or
even replace him entirely. Invaders
seek to conquer the territory and
material possessions of their
foes, while Godseekers tr y to get
as close to Slaanesh as possible –
usually through committing acts
of depravity on the altar of war.
Pretenders merely seek to eliminate
the strongest of their rivals, and
in doing so prove their right to
become a living god.

You can use this command ability at
the end of the combat phase if there
are any friendly HEROES within 12"
of the Fane of Slaanesh (see ‘The
Battlefield’, below). If you do so, pick
1 friendly unit wholly within 12" of
the Fane of Slaanesh and within 3" of
an enemy unit. That unit can pile in
and attack with its melee weapons.
You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability
more than once per combat phase.

Designer’s Note: If both players

wish to use this command ability at
the end of the same combat phase,
remember that the player whose turn
is taking place does so first.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. Both
players must use a Slaanesh army.
Neither army can include a Fane
of Slaanesh.

Both players can use the following
command ability.

COMMAND ABILITY

Glory of the Dark Prince: The

leaders of the host entreat
their
followers to fight their hardest to
capture the Fane of Slaanesh.

THE BATTLEFIELD

Set up 1 FANE OF SLAANESH terrain

feature in centre of the battlefield, as
shown on the map below.

SET-UP

The players roll off, and the winner
decides which territory each side wi l l
use. The territories are shown on the
map below.

The players then alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with the
player that won the roll-off. Units

must be set up wholly within their
own territory.

Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies. If
one player finishes first, the opposing
player sets up the rest of the units in
their army, one after another.

OBJECTIVES

This battle is fought to control the
Fane of Slaanesh, and to achieve a
quest. The Fane of Slaanesh is located
at the centre of the battlefield, as
shown on the map, and is treated as
an objective in addition to the other
rules that apply to it.

QUESTS

The quest each player is tr ying
to achieve is determined by the
Host of Slaanesh the player’s army
belongs to:

Invaders Host Quest: You complete

your quest if any friendly units with
5 or more models are wholly within
your opponent’s
territory at the end
of the battle.


PAGEBREAK
Pretenders Quest: You complete

your quest if the Leader with
the highest points value on your
opponent’s
roster is slain at the end
of the battle. If 2 or more models are
eligible, pick 1 at the start of the first
battle round.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

Starting from the third battle round,
at the end of each battle round, roll
a dice and add the number of the
current battle round to the roll. On a
9+ the battle ends. On any other roll,
the battle continues.

Godseekers Quest: You complete

your quest if, at the end of the
battle, you have 6 or more unspent
depravity points.

When the battle ends, if one player
controls the objective and has
completed their quest, then that
player wins a major victory. If

neither player controls the objective,
but only one has completed their
quest, then the player that has
completed their quest wins a minor
victory. Any other result is a draw.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in

and roll on the followers tables
instead. To make a followers roll,
pick a column from one of the
followers tables and then roll
a dice.

the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a warband with the Slaanesh
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

PATH TO
GLORY

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.
No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their fu l l roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than
the minimum size shown on its
pitched battle profile.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can
be chosen from the followers
tables for your allegiance. If your
allegiance has more than one
followers table you can freely
choose which ones you use,
selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate


PAGEBREAK
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

D3
1

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

2

Option
Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
SLAANESH WARBAND TABLES

Slaanesh Warband Tables

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

Keeper of Secrets

Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted Chariot

The Contorted Epitome

Chaos Lord of Slaanesh

Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh

Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer or
Bladebringer, Herald on Seeker Chariot

Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh

Lord of Slaanesh on Daemonic Mount

1 unit

3 units

3 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

1-4

5-6

3 Fiends

Exalted Chariot

1-3

4

5

6

1-4

5-6

5 Hellstriders
with Claw-spears

5 Hellstriders
with Hellscourges

5 Hellstriders
with Hellscourges

5 Hellstriders
with Hellscourges

Daemon Followers

10 Daemonettes

5 Seekers

Seeker Chariot

Hellflayer

Chaos Lord
of Slaanesh

Lord of Slaanesh on
Daemonic Mount

Viceleader, Herald
of Slaanesh

Bladebringer, Herald
on Hellflayer or
Bladebringer, Herald
on Seeker Chariot

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Sworn Disciples: These loyal retainers will
follow their leader to death and beyond.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this unit while it
is wholly within 12" of your champion.

Rapturous Oblivion: The fierce joy of battle has
so overwhelmed these warriors that they have
forgotten the meaning of fear.

Do not take battleshock tests for this unit.

Unnatural

Swiftness: Heightened senses
allow these warriors to strike before all but the
fastest opponent.

Once per battle,
in the combat phase, this unit
can fight at the start of the combat phase, before
the players pick any other units to fight with in
that combat phase.

4

5

6

Violent Excess: Bloodshed causes these
hedonists to commit acts of heinous v iolence.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this unit is 6, add 1 to
the damage inflicted by that attack.

Fuelled by Pain: A wound that would fell
another creature only drives these warriors to
fight all the harder.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target this unit.

Twice-blessed Followers: These hedonists have

the favour of Slaanesh.

Roll twice on this table and apply both results
to this unit. Re-roll any duplicates or further
rolls of 6.


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

8

9

Cruel Tormentor: This champion glories in
making their rivals writhe and flinch in pain.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by this champion
that target a HERO.

Exalted Champion of Slaanesh: This

champion’s
exploits have earned them high
status among Slaanesh’s
champions.

In your hero phase, roll a dice for this
champion. On a 1, you lose D3 depravity points
(to a minimum of 0). On a 2-5, you receive
1 depravity point. On a 6, you receive D3
depravity points.

10

Insensate to Pain: This champion relishes pain,
and even a terrible wound will not slow them.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this champion.

11

Daemonic Armour : This champion’s armour
is infused with protective energies stolen from a
daemon of Slaanesh.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this champion. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

12

Twice-blessed Champion: This champion

has pleased the Dark Prince and is
rewarded accordingly.

Roll twice on this table and apply both results.
Re-roll any duplicates, rolls of 2 and further
rolls of 12.

2D6

Reward

2

What the Gods Give…: This champion

has offended the Dark Prince and is
punished accordingly.

You lose D3 Glory Points (to a minimum of
0). In addition, remove all Champion Rewards
this champion has previously gained from your
warband roster.

3

Self-obsessed: This champion is justifiably
proud of their own incredible prowess.

In your hero phase, roll a dice for this
champion. On a 1, you lose D3 command points
(to a minimum of 0). On a 2-5, you receive
1 command point. On a 6, you receive D3
command points.

L ightning Riposte: This champion replies to an
attack with a lightning fast counter-attack.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack that
targets this champion is 6, the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after all of its attacks
have been resolved.

Ensorcelled Weapon: Slaanesh gifts this

champion with a magical weapon.

Pick 1 of this champion’s melee weapons when
you receive this reward. Improve the Rend
characteristic of that weapon by 1.

Aura of Acquiescence: Few can resist the

charms of this refined warrior.

You can re-roll the dice roll that determines
if an enemy HERO within 3" of the bearer is
affected by the Locus of Diversion battle trait
(pg 61).

Graceful Feint: The champion side-steps
round an opponent,
leaving them flat-footed
and confused.

This champion can retreat and still charge later
in the same turn.

4

5

6

7


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Hedonites of Slaanesh warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls.
Updated May 2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication
date or no publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

HEDONITE HOST

Hedonite Host

When gathered together in large numbers, the followers of Slaanesh wail, scream and howl in a cacophony of
dark rapture. Eyes rolling and tongues lolling in bliss, the Hedonites are all but immune to fear and pain. The
Supreme Sybarites leading the host are inspired as much by bitter rivalr y as they are comradeship, but they still
form an unstoppable nexus of command. Around them, Epicurean Revellers work together to make the feast of
destruction a thing of nightmarish perfection. Dashing past them all come the riders of the Seeker Cavalcades,
with the scents of slaughter thri l ling in their flaring nostrils and spilt blood reflected in their wide, black eyes.

A Hedonite Host consists of the
following warscroll battalions:

• 1 Supreme Sybarites

• 1-3 Epicurean Revellers

• 1-3 Seeker Cavalcades

ABILITIES

Transcendental Warriors: A

Hedonite Host strides into battle
heedless of anything but their desire
to transcend the limits of mor tal
sensation – and earn the favour of
the Dark Prince in the process.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic
of units in this battalion. In addition,
if this battalion is part of a Slaanesh
army, at the start of your hero phase
you receive D3 depravity points.


PAGEBREAK
Supreme Sybarites

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SUPREME SYBARITES

A Supreme Sybarites battalion consists of the
following units:

• 3-6 CHAOS SLAANESH HEROES

ABILITIES
Ruling Cabal: The combined leadership skills of the
Supreme Sybarites can outwit any foe.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice. If the roll
is less than or equal to the number of HEROES from
this battalion that are on the battlefield, you receive 1
command point.

Epicurean Revellers

WARSCROLL BATTALION

EPICUREAN REVELLERS

An Epicurean Revellers battalion consists of the
following units:

• 2-6 units of Daemonettes

• 0-4 Hellflayers, Exalted Chariots or units of
Fiends in any combination

ABILITIES
Perfect Destroyers: The warriors that make up an
Epicurean Revellers battalion cut down their foes with
deadly precision.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon by a DAEMONETTE from this battalion is
6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target and
the attack sequence ends (do not make a save roll).

Seeker Cavalcade

SEEKER CAVALCADE

WARSCROLL BATTALION

A Seeker Cavalcade consists of the following units:

• 2-6 units of Seekers or Hellstriders in
any combination

• 0-4 units of Seeker Chariots

ABILITIES
Drawn to Battle: For the warriors of a Seeker
Cavalcade, there is little as tormenting as seeing another
experience the joy of battle but being too distant to take
part themselves.

A model from this battalion is eligible to fight in the
combat phase if it is within 6" of an enemy unit instead of
3", and can move an extra 3" when it piles in.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

KEEPER OF SECRETS

Keeper of Secrets

A Keeper of Secrets is a greater daemon of Slaanesh, a consummate warrior and spell-
master of the Dark Prince’s hosts. Their four powerful limbs move languidly as they
slink forwards – only to explode into lethal motion when their prey is in reach.

MISSILE WEAPONS

L iving Whip

MELEE WEAPONS

Ritual Knife or Sinistrous Hand
Elegant Greatblade
Impaling Claws

Range

6"

Range

1"
2"
3"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

2

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Hit

2+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1
-2

Damage

1

Damage

1
2

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Elegant Greatblade

4
3
3
2

2

Impaling Claws

5
4
3
3

2

DESCRIPTION

A Keeper of Secrets is a single model armed
with an Elegant Greatblade and Impaling Claws.
In addition, it is also armed with one of the
following: a Ritual Knife, a Sinistrous Hand, a
Living Whip, or a Shining Aegis.

ABILITIES

Ritual Knife: The Keeper of Secrets despatches a
badly wounded victim with a final dagger thrust.

If this model is armed with a Ritual Knife, at the
end of the combat phase, you can pick 1 enemy
model within 1" of this model and roll a dice.
On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-5, that enemy
model suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 6, that
enemy model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Dark Temptations: Few can resist the

temptations whispered by a Keeper of Secrets.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO within 3" of this model and ask
your opponent if they wish that HERO to accept
temptation. If they refuse, that HERO suffers D3
mortal wounds. If they accept, add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made by that HERO. Then, at the start
of the next combat phase, roll a dice. On 1-3, that
HERO no longer receives this modifier to their
hit rolls. On 4-6, that HERO is slain.

Delicate Precision: A Keeper of Secrets attacks
their foes with a dazzling array of exquisitely
measured blows.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this model is 6, that

attack inflicts a number of mortal wounds equal
to the Damage characteristic of the weapon used
for the attack and the attack sequence ends (do
not make a save roll).

L iving Whip: A living whip can be used to
entangle the weapons of a larger opponent.

If this model is armed with a Living Whip, at the
start of the combat phase, you can pick 1 enemy
MONSTER model within 6" of this model and
roll a dice. On a 3+, pick 1 melee weapon that
enemy MONSTER model is armed with. Subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks made with that
weapon until the end of that combat phase.

Shining Aegis: This master fully created shield
can turn aside blows and magical spells.

If this model is armed with a Shining Aegis, roll
a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to this model. On a 6+, that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

Sinistrous Hand: Reaching out with their long-
nailed fingers, the Keeper of Secrets rips the hear t
from their dying victim’s
chest and consumes the
still beating organ.

If this model is armed with a Sinistrous Hand,
at the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal D3 wounds allocated to this model. If any
enemy HEROES were slain by wounds inflicted
by this model’s attacks in that combat phase,
you can heal D6 wounds allocated to this
model instead.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Cacophonic Choir spells.

Cacophonic Choir : The Keeper of Secrets
unleashes a sanity-shattering chorus of
magical sound.

Cacophonic Choir has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, roll 2D6. Each enemy
unit within 6" of the caster that has a Bravery
characteristic of less than the roll suffers D3
mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Excess of Violence: With the most subtle of
gestures, a Keeper of Secrets can order their
followers to attack with redoubled aggression.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase, when it is your turn to pick a unit to fight
with. If you do so, pick 1 friendly HEDONITE
unit that has already fought once in that combat
phase and is wholly within 12" of a model with
this command ability. That unit can be selected
to fight for a second time if it is within 3" of any
enemy units. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than
once in the same combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, MONSTER, WIZARD,
KEEPER OF SECRETS


PAGEBREAK
Syll’Esske,

the Vengeful Allegiance

WARSCROLL

SYLL’ESSKE

THE VENGEFUL ALLEGIANCE

Syll Lewdtongue has inspired thousands of warlords to acts of tyranny and misrule,
but since uniting their powers with the megalomaniacal daemon monarch Esske, the
Herald of Slaanesh has become a force of conquest like no other.

MELEE WEAPONS

Axe of Dominion
Scourging Whip

Range

2"
2"

Attacks

4
8

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

D3
1

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 1
spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Subvert spells.

Subvert: Syll torments the foe with whispers and
v isions, distracting them from their duties.

Subvert has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, you can pick 1 enemy HERO within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. That HERO
cannot use any command abilities until your
next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Regal Authority : Syll’s

consor t is revered as a
mighty ruler by their followers.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase if this model is your general
and is on the battlefield. If you do so, until the
end of that phase, you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
friendly CHAOS SLAANESH units while they are
wholly with 18" of this model.

In addition, you can use this command ability
at the start of the battleshock phase if this
model is your general and is on the battlefield.
If you do so, until the end of that phase, do
not take battleshock tests for friendly CHAOS
SLAANESH units while they are wholly with 18"
of this model.

DESCRIPTION

Syll’Esske, the Vengeful Allegiance is a named
character that is a single model. Syll is armed
with a Scourging Whip.

COMPANION: Esske attacks with its Axe of
Dominion. For rules purposes, Esske is treated
in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Deadly Symbiosis: When they attack, either Syll
or Esske will strike first, creating openings that the
other can take advantage of.

When this model fights in the combat phase,
you must pick either its Axe of Dominion or
its Scourging Whip, and you can only make
attacks with that weapon that phase. Then, after
the players have picked any other units to fight,
this model can pile in and attack with the other
weapon, and you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made with the other weapon in that phase.

Lithe and Swift: Spurring one another on, Syll
and their consor t stride across the battlefield with
uncanny sw iftness.

This unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
SYLL’ESSKE, THE VENGEFUL ALLEGIANCE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Shalaxi Helbane

SHALAXI HELBANE

Known as the Monarch of the Hunt, Shalaxi Helbane is Slaanesh’s weapon against the
daemons of the other Chaos Gods. Able to discern the secrets of the Dark Prince's foes
through blended senses, this statuesque warrior has slain a thousand rivals and more.

MISSILE WEAPONS

L iving Whip

MELEE WEAPONS

Soulpiercer
Impaling Claws

Range

6"

Range

3"
3"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

3+

To Hit

2+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-3
-2

Damage

1

Damage

D6

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Soulpiercer
2+
2+
3+
3+

4+

Impaling Claws

5
4
3
3

2

DESCRIPTION

Shalaxi Helbane is a named character that is a
single model. It is armed with Soulpiercer and
Impaling Claws. In addition, it is also armed
with one of the following: a Living Whip, or a
Shining Aegis.

ABILITIES

Cloak of Constriction: Any opponent

that

draws too close to Shalaxi Helbane finds
themselves ensnared by the Cloak of Constriction,
its tentacular pseudopods making it impossible to
make a clean attack.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by enemy HEROES that target
this model.

Delicate Precision: A Keeper of Secrets attacks
their foes with a dazzling array of exquisitely
per formed blows.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a missile or melee weapon by this model is
6, that attack inflicts a number of mortal wounds
equal to the Damage characteristic of the weapon
used for the attack and the attack sequence ends
(do not make a save roll).

Irresistible Challenge: Few can resist the

sorcerous challenge delivered by Shalaxi Helbane
– those who do find their cowardice rewarded with
crippling agony.

The Ki l ling Stroke: Shalaxi Helbane can out-
think and outwit any foe, delivering a subtle series
of attacks and feints that sets them up for a final
killing blow.

At the start of the enemy charge phase, you can
pick 1 enemy HERO within 12" of this model and
more than 3" from any models from your army,
and ask your opponent if they wish that HERO
to accept Shalaxi Helbane’s
challenge. If they
refuse, that HERO suffers D3 mortal wounds. If
they accept, that HERO must attempt
to charge,
and must finish the charge move within ½"
of this model if it is possible for it to do so. In
addition, if the challenge is accepted, any attacks
that HERO makes in the following combat phase
must target this model.

L iving Whip: A living whip can be used
to entangle the weapons used by a large
enough opponent.

If this model is armed with a Living Whip, at the
start of the combat phase, you can pick 1 enemy
MONSTER model within 6" of this model and
roll a dice. On a 3+, pick 1 melee weapon that
enemy MONSTER model is armed with. Subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks made with that melee
weapon until the end of that combat phase.

Shining Aegis: This master fully created shield
can turn aside blows and magical spells.

If this model is armed with a Shining Aegis, roll
a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to this model. On a 6+, that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy HERO within 3" of this model. If you do
so, all attacks made by this model in that combat
phase must target that model, but the Damage
characteristic for this model’s Soulpiercer is 6 in
that combat phase instead of D6.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Refine
Senses spells.

Refine Senses: The sorcerer channels magical
power into their senses, so that nothing can
be hidden from them, and none can escape
their wrath.

Refine Senses has a casting value of 4. If
successfully cast, until your next hero phase, you
can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by the caster
that target a HERO , and you can re-roll save
rolls for attacks made by HEROES that target
the caster.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, GREATER DAEMON, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, MONSTER, WIZARD,
KEEPER OF SECRETS, SHALAXI HELBANE


PAGEBREAK
The Contorted Epitome

THE CONTORTED EPITOME

WARSCROLL

The Contorted Epitome writhes across the battlefield on lashing metallic tentacles,
twisting under the control of its Daemonette attendants to reflect its enemy ’s darkest
desires and deepest fears.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ravaging Claws
Coiled Tentacles

Range

1"
3"

Attacks

9
2

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-1
-2

Damage

1
2

DESCRIPTION

The Contorted Epitome is a single model.
It is armed with Ravaging Claws and
Coiled Tentacles.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Overwhelming
Acquiescence spells.

Overwhelming Acquiescence: The Herald

engulfs the foe in an arcane haze of dreams and
unattainable desires.

Overwhelming Acquiescence has a casting value
of 7. If successfully cast, you can pick up to D3
enemy units within 24" of the caster that are
visible to them. You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks that target those units until your next
hero phase.

ABILITIES

Gift of Power : The Heralds that guard a
Contorted Epitome can use its power to enhance
their own spells.

You can re-roll casting, unbinding and dispelling
rolls for this model.

Swallow Energy : A Contorted Epitome
steals the most intense and excessive energies,
channelling them back to Slaanesh’s Temple of
Twisted Mirrors.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 2+, that mortal
wound is negated.

Horrible Fascination: When a warrior stares

into the Contorted Epitome’s mirror,
they see all of
their hopes and fears reflected there, and cannot
tear their eyes away.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit that is within 6" of any friendly
models with this ability. On a 4+, that unit fights
at the end of that combat phase, after the players
have picked any other units to fight with in that
combat phase.

If a unit that is affected by this ability is also
affected by any rules that would allow it to fight
at the start of the combat phase, that unit is not
affected by this rule or those other rules (the
effects cancel each other out).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
THE CONTORTED EPITOME


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

INFERNAL ENRAPTURESS

HERALD OF SLAANESH

Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh

Maestros of discordance, Infernal Enrapturesses fill the battlefield with screams of
pain and unrestrained elation. They are virtuosos among Slaanesh’s
infernal choir,
towards whom the Dark Prince’s daemonic legions are drawn.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Heartstring Lyre: Cacophonous Melody
Heartstring Lyre: Euphonic Blast

MELEE WEAPONS

Ravaging Claw

Range

18"
24"

Range

1

Attacks

6
1

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+
2+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+
3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1
-3

Rend

-1

Damage

1
D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

An Infernal Enrapturess, Herald of Slaanesh is a
single model armed with a Heartstring Lyre and
a Ravaging Claw.

Discordant Disruption: An Infernal

Enrapturess can play discordant music that is so
intense it causes physical harm to those that are
attuned to magic.

Re-roll successful casting rolls for enemy
WIZARDS that are within 24" of any friendly
models with this ability. In addition, if the
re-rolled casting roll is a double, that WIZARD
suffers D3 mortal wounds after the effects of the
spell (if any) have been carried out.

In addition, this model can attempt
to dispel 1
endless spell at the start of your hero phase, in
the same manner as a WIZARD. If it does so, add
1 to the dispelling roll.

Harmonic Alignment: The music played by

an Infernal Enrapturess harmonically aligns the
realm they are in with the realm of Slaanesh,
allowing Slaaneshi daemons to manifest more
easily upon the battlefield.

At the start of your hero phase, you receive 1
depravity point for each friendly INFERNAL
ENRAPTURESS that is on the battlefield and
part of a Slaanesh army.

Versatile Instrument: An Infernal Enrapturess
can quickly switch between playing a swift medley
of short notes with their hear tstring lyre, or a
single massive blast of sound.

Before attacking with a heartstring lyre, choose
either the Cacophonous Melody or Euphonic
Blast missile weapon characteristics for that
shooting attack.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
INFERNAL ENRAPTURESS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

The Masque

THE MASQUE

The Masque once entertained Slaanesh, but then displeased him, and was exiled. Since
then the Herald has been cursed to dance across the Mortal Realms. Those drawn into
this endless performance are doomed to a swift and spectacular death.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ravaging Claws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

6

3+

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

The Masque is a named character that is single
model. It is armed with Ravaging Claws.

ABILITIES

Staff of Masks: The masks on this staff
constantly flicker and change, enhancing the
Masque’s attacks or protecting them from harm.

At the start of your hero phase, you can either
add D3 to the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s melee weapons until your next hero
phase, or you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to this model.

The Endless Dance: The Masque dances

eternally, flying through the air and striking down
the foes that stumble, flat-footed,
in their wake.

This model is eligible to fight in the combat phase
if it is within 6" of an enemy unit instead of 3",
and can fly and move an extra 3" when it piles in.
In addition, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made by this model that target an enemy unit
with a Move characteristic of 10" or less, and you
can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by this
model that target an enemy unit with a Move
characteristic of 5" or less.

Lithe and Swift: Daemonettes surge across the
battlefield with impossible swiftness.

This model can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

Inhuman Reflexes: The Masque is a constant
blur of motion, stepping out of the way of the
enemy’s attacks with uncanny precision.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 4+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
THE MASQUE

WARSCROLL

VICELEADER

HERALD OF SLAANESH

Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh

The Viceleader is a masterful artiste in the grand theatre of war. To look upon these
surreal, quicksilver Heralds is to feel a yearning for forbidden arts and excesses that
addles the mind. Woe to those who acquiesce to their strange allure.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ravaging Claws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

6

3+

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh is a single
model armed with Ravaging Claws.

ABILITIES

L ightning Reflexes: Heralds of Slaanesh move
with lightning speed, stepping out of the way of the
enemy’s attacks with disdainful ease.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Lithe and Swift: Daemonettes surge across the
battlefield with impossible swiftness.

Acquiescence: The Herald engulfs the foe in an
arcane haze of dreams and unattainable desires.

This model can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Acquiescence spells.

Acquiescence has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target
that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
VICELEADER


PAGEBREAK
Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer

BLADEBRINGER

WARSCROLL

HERALD ON HELLFLAYER

Those Slaaneshi Heralds who wish to glut themselves on as much sensation as possible
– and inflict the most suffering in doing so – ride to war on great threshing Hellflayer
chariots. These release an intoxicating soulscent that drives the crew into ecstasies.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ravaging Claws
Piercing Claws and Flensing Whips
Poisoned Tongues

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

6
6
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer is a single
model armed with Ravaging Claws.

CREW AND STEEDS: A Hellflayer has a

Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws
and Flensing Whips, and is drawn by Steeds
of Slaanesh that attack with their Poisoned
Tongues. For rules purposes, the Daemonettes
and Steeds of Slaanesh are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Soulscent: The whirling blades of this fearsome
chariot mow down the enemy,
transmuting their
souls into an exhilarating incense that drives its
riders into an ecstatic frenzy.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 1" of this model. On a
4+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
In addition, for each 4+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this model’s melee weapons
until the end of that phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Acquiescence spells.

Acquiescence: The Herald engulfs the foe in an
arcane haze of dreams and unattainable desires.

Acquiescence has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target
that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
HELLFLAYER, BLADEBRINGER

WARSCROLL

Hellflayer

HELLFLAYER

Hellflayer chariots drive through the meadows of Slaanesh’s realm, dismembering
those cursed to lie there in purgatory. On the battlefields of the Mortal Realms, they
are roving weapons of war, their many sc ythes delivering death by a thousand cuts.

MELEE WEAPONS

Piercing Claws
Piercing Claws and Flensing Whips
Poisoned Tongues

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

4
6
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Hellflayer is a single model commanded by an
Allurer, who is armed with Piercing Claws.

CREW AND STEEDS: A Hellflayer has a

Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws
and Flensing Whips , and is drawn by Steeds
of Slaanesh that attack with their Poisoned
Tongues. For rules purposes, the Daemonettes
and Steeds of Slaanesh are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Soulscent: The whirling blades of this fearsome
chariot mow down the enemy,
transmuting their
souls into an exhilarating incense.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 1" of this model. On a
4+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
In addition, for each 4+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this model’s melee weapons
until the end of that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HELLFLAYER


PAGEBREAK
Bladebringer, Herald on Seeker Chariot

WARSCROLL

BLADEBRINGER

HERALD ON SEEKER CHARIOT

Heralds of Slaanesh that value the thri l l of speed above all else w i l l take to battle
mounted on a Seeker Chariot. These bladed machineries of war smash into the foe in a
blur of whirring, slashing blades, mutilating all those who stand their ground.

MELEE WEAPONS

Flensing Whips
Piercing Claws
Poisoned Tongues

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

6
3
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Bladebringer, Herald on Seeker Chariot is a
single model armed with Flensing Whips.

CREW AND STEEDS: A Seeker Chariot has
a Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws,
and is drawn by Steeds of Slaanesh that attack
with their Poisoned Tongues. For rules purposes,
the Daemonettes and Steeds of Slaanesh are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Impossibly Swift: Seeker Chariots surge across
the battlefield with unnatural
swiftness.

This model can retreat and still charge later in
the same turn.

Mutilating Blades: This deadly chariot inflicts
carnage when it charges into the foe.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within
1" of this model when this model finishes a
charge move. On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Acquiescence spells.

Acquiescence: The Herald engulfs the foe in an
arcane haze of dreams and unattainable desires.

Acquiescence has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target
that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
SEEKER CHARIOT, BLADEBRINGER

WARSCROLL

SEEKER CHARIOTS

Seeker Chariots

Seeker Chariots lead the charge of many Hedonite armies, for the beasts that pull
them to war are as fleet-footed as Aqshian cheetahs. Whips lash out to strip flesh from
bone as the Allurer drives the blade-wheeled conveyance into the thick of the foe.

MELEE WEAPONS

Flensing Whips
Piercing Claws
Poisoned Tongues

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

4
3
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Seeker Chariots has any number of
models, each commanded by an Allurer armed
with Flensing Whips.

CREW AND STEEDS: A Seeker Chariot has
a Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws,
and is drawn by Steeds of Slaanesh that attack
with their Poisoned Tongues. For rules purposes,
the Daemonettes and Steeds of Slaanesh are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

Impossibly Swift: Seeker Chariots surge across
the battlefield with unnatural
swiftness.

This unit can retreat and still charge later in the
same turn.

Mutilating Blades: The bladed wheels and

razor-sharp scythes of this deadly chariot inflict
carnage when the chariot charges at a foe.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 1"
of a model from this unit after the model from
this unit finishes a charge move. On a 2+ that

enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. If this
unit has more than 1 model, roll to determine
if mortal wounds are inflicted after each model
completes its charge move, but do not allocate
the mortal wounds until after all of the models in
the unit have moved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, SEEKER CHARIOTS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLADEBRINGER

Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted

HERALD ON EXALTED CHARIOT

Some Heralds of Slaanesh, having tasted the illicit thri l l of riding flesh-shredding
chariots into the enemy, become so intoxicated by the act that they commission ever
larger and grander conveyances, the better to harvest the souls of mortals.

Chariot

MELEE WEAPONS

Flensing Whips
Piercing Claws
Poisoned Tongues

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

6
9
8

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Bladebringer, Herald on Exalted Chariot is a
single model armed with Flensing Whips.

CREW AND STEEDS: An Exalted Chariot has
a Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws,
and is drawn by Steeds of Slaanesh that attack
with their Poisoned Tongues. For rules purposes,
the Daemonettes and Steeds of Slaanesh are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

Excess of Blades: The bladed wheels and razor-
sharp scythes of this deadly chariot inflict carnage
when it charges into a foe.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 1"
of this model after this model finishes a charge
move. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-4, that
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 5+, that
unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Pungent Soulscent: The whirling blades of
this fearsome chariot mow down the enemy,
transmuting their souls into an exhilarating
incense that drives its riders into an
ecstatic frenzy.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 1" of this model. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
In addition, for each 2+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this model’s melee weapons
until the end of that phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Acquiescence spells.

Acquiescence: The Herald engulfs the foe in an
arcane haze of dreams and unattainable desires.

Acquiescence has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of the caster that is visible to them.
You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks that target
that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HERO, WIZARD, HERALD OF SLAANESH,
EXALTED CHARIOT, BLADEBRINGER


PAGEBREAK
Exalted Chariot

EXALTED CHARIOT

WARSCROLL

The massive chariots ridden by Allurers of the highest rank are machineries that
embody excess. Their purpose is to bring to bear the most number of blades in the
shortest time, and hence fill the air with the scent of carnage.

MELEE WEAPONS

Flensing Whips
Piercing Claws
Poisoned Tongues

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

4
9
8

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

An Exalted Chariot is a single model
commanded by an Allurer, who is armed with
Flensing Whips.

Excess of Blades: The bladed wheels and razor-
sharp scythes of this deadly chariot inflict carnage
when it charges into a foe.

CREW AND STEEDS: An Exalted Chariot has
a Daemonette crew armed with Piercing Claws,
and is drawn by Steeds of Slaanesh that attack
with their Poisoned Tongues. For rules purposes,
the Daemonettes and Steeds of Slaanesh are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 1"
of this model after this model finishes a charge
move. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-4, that
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 5+, that
unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Pungent Soulscent: The whirling blades of
this fearsome chariot mow down the enemy,
transmuting their souls into an exhilarating
incense that drives its riders into an
ecstatic frenzy.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 1" of this model. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
In addition, for each 2+, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this model’s melee weapons
until the end of that phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, EXALTED CHARIOT


PAGEBREAK
Fiends

WARSCROLL

FIENDS

Horrific nightmares given bestial shape, Fiends of Slaanesh emit a harsh, tri l ling cal l
as they race towards their prey. A cloud of dream-inducing musk hangs thick around
the Fiends, reducing their foes to a stupor, and sapping them of their w i l l to fight.

MELEE WEAPONS

Deadly Pincers
Barbed Stinger

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
See below

Disruptive Song: Fiends of Slaanesh let out a
keening song that disturbs the concentration of
spellcasters that hear it.

Subtract 1 from casting rolls for enemy
FIENDS
WIZARDS while they are within 12" of any
models with this ability.

FIENDS

Soporific Musk: A Fiend exudes a pervasive
and oily musk that numbs a foe to all but the most
extreme of stimuli.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this unit. In addition,
while this unit has 4 or more models, subtract 1
from wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this unit.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Fiends has any number of models, each
armed with Deadly Pincers and a Barbed Stinger.

BLISSBRINGER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Blissbringer. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of a Blissbringer’s Deadly Pincers.

Crushing Grip: A Fiend’s pincers are capable
of inflicting immense damage on a victim that is
caught in their grasp.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with Deadly Pincers is 6, the Deadly Pincers have
a Damage characteristic of D3 instead of 1 for
that attack.

Deadly Venom: A Fiend of Slaanesh’s
stinger is
laced with venom capable of sending any foe into
a deep coma.

If the target of an attack made with a Barbed
Stinger has a Wounds characteristic of 1, the
Barbed Stinger has a Damage characteristic
of 1 for that attack;
if the target of an attack
made with a Barbed Stinger has a Wounds
characteristic of 2-3, the Barbed Stinger has a
Damage characteristic of D3 for that attack;
if the target of an attack made with a Barbed
Stinger has a Wounds characteristic of 4 or more,
the Barbed Stinger has a Damage characteristic
of D6 for that attack.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, FIENDS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Daemonettes

DAEMONETTES

Possessed of impossible grace and grotesque beauty, Daemonettes of Slaanesh bound
across the battlefield with sadistic glee. They are in constant competition with one
another to see who can inflict the most pain on the enemies of the Dark Prince.

MELEE WEAPONS

Piercing Claws

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

ABILITIES

Lithe and Swift: Daemonettes surge across the
battlefield with impossible swiftness.

This unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Daemonettes has any number of
models, each armed with Piercing Claws.

ALLURER : 1 model in this unit can be an
Allurer. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of an
Allurer’s Piercing Claws.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can either be a Daemonette Banner
Bearer or Daemonette Icon Bearer.

Daemonette Banner Bearer : You can re-roll

charge rolls for this unit while it includes any
Daemonette Banner Bearers.

Daemonette Icon Bearer : If an unmodified

battleshock roll of 1 is made for this unit while it
includes any Daemonette Icon Bearers, you can
add D6 models to this unit, and no models from
this unit wi l l flee in that phase.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Daemonette Hornblower.
If
the unmodified roll for a battleshock test for an
enemy unit that is within 6" of this unit while
this unit includes any Daemonette Hornblowers
is 1, that battleshock test must be re-rolled.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, DAEMONETTES


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SEEKERS

Seekers

The Seekers of Slaanesh are the vanguard of the Dark Prince’s daemon armies,
insatiable outriders who track their foes with unrelenting swiftness, feeding on the
growing terror of their prey.

MELEE WEAPONS

Piercing Claws
Poisoned Tongue

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Quicksilver Speed: Seekers of Slaanesh are
daemonic hunters, and swift beyond belief.

You can roll 2D6 instead of D6 when you make
a run roll for this unit. In addition, this unit can
run and still charge later in the same turn.

Soul Hunters: Slaanesh rewards his Seekers and
Hellstriders with intoxicating energy when they
slay his foes.

If any enemy models were slain by wounds
inflicted by this unit’s attacks in the combat
phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
unit’s melee weapons in the next combat phase.

A unit of Seekers has any number of models,
each armed with Piercing Claws.

MOUNT: This unit’s Steeds of Slaanesh each
attack with their Poisoned Tongue.

HEARTSEEKER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Heartseeker. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of a Heartseeker’s Piercing Claws.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Seeker Banner Bearer, and
1 in every 5 models in this unit can be a Seeker
Icon Bearer.

Seeker Banner Bearer : You can re-roll charge

rolls for this unit while it includes any Seeker
Banner Bearers.

Seeker Icon Bearer : If an unmodified

battleshock roll of 1 is made for this unit while it
includes any Seeker Icon Bearers, you can add D3
models to this unit, and no models from this unit
wi l l flee in that phase.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Seeker Hornblower.
If the
unmodified roll for a battleshock test for an
enemy unit that is within 6" of this unit while
this unit includes any Seeker Hornblowers is 1,
that battleshock test must be re-rolled.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, DAEMONETTE, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, SEEKERS


PAGEBREAK
Hellstriders with Claw-spears

WARSCROLL

HELLSTRIDERS

WITH CLAW-SPEARS

Devotees of torment, the Hellstriders are mortals who have dedicated their lives to
dealing out agonising pain in return for physical power. They inflict crippling and
ultimately fatal wounds with the strange spear-like claws that grow on their arms.

MELEE WEAPONS

Claw-spear
Poisoned Tongue

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
2

3+
3+

4+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Hellstriders with Claw-spears has
any number of models, each armed with
a Claw-spear.

MOUNT: This unit’s Steeds of Slaanesh each
attack with their Poisoned Tongue.

HELLREAVER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Hellreaver. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
a Hellreaver’s Claw-spear.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Hellstrider Banner Bearer,
and 1 in every 5 models in this unit can be a
Hellstrider Icon Bearer.

Hellstrider Banner Bearer : You can re-roll

charge rolls for this unit while it includes any
Hellstrider Banner Bearers.

Hellstrider Icon Bearer : Add 2 to the Bravery

characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Hellstrider Icon Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be a Hellstrider Hornblower.
If the
unmodified roll for a battleshock test for an

enemy unit that is within 6" of this unit while
this unit includes any Hellstrider Hornblowers is
1, that battleshock test must be re-rolled.

ABILITIES

Soul Hunters: Slaanesh rewards his Seekers and
Hellstriders with intoxicating energy when they
slay his foes.

If any enemy models were slain by wounds
inflicted by this unit’s attacks in the combat
phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
unit’s melee weapons in the next combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HELLSTRIDERS

WARSCROLL

Hellstriders with Hellscourges

HELLSTRIDERS

WITH HELLSCOURGES

Hellstriders ride daemonic Steeds to war – indeed, they have no choice, for once they
climb into the saddle they can never dismount. Those who use the long, whip-like
Hellscourge as their weapon of choice are expert in inflicting painfu l wounds.

MELEE WEAPONS

Hellscourge
Poisoned Tongue

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"
1"

1
2

3+
3+

4+
4+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Hellstriders with Hellscourges has
any number of models, each armed with
a Hellscourge.

MOUNT: This unit’s Steeds of Slaanesh each
attack with their Poisoned Tongue.

HELLREAVER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Hellreaver. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
a Hellreaver’s Hellscourge.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Hellstrider Banner Bearer,
and 1 in every 5 models in this unit can be a
Hellstrider Icon Bearer.

Hellstrider Banner Bearer : You can re-roll

charge rolls for this unit while it includes any
Hellstrider Banner Bearers.

Hellstrider Icon Bearer : Add 2 to the Bravery

characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Hellstrider Icon Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be a Hellstrider Hornblower.
If the
unmodified roll for a battleshock test for an

enemy unit that is within 6" of this unit while
this unit includes any Hellstrider Hornblowers is
1, that battleshock test must be re-rolled.

ABILITIES

Soul Hunters: Slaanesh rewards his Seekers and
Hellstriders with intoxicating energy when they
slay his foes.

If any enemy models were slain by wounds
inflicted by this unit’s attacks in the combat
phase, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
unit’s melee weapons in the next combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAANESH, HEDONITE, HELLSTRIDERS


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

WHEELS OF EXCRUCIATION

Wheels of Excruciation

The Wheels of Excruciation whirl around the minarets of the Dark Prince’s palace as flocks of crows fly around a
temple’s spires. They can be called into the Mortal Realms by a devotee of Slaanesh to lacerate and even decapitate their
enemies, hunting down untainted flesh and delivering the agony of uncounted cuts.

DESCRIPTION

MAGIC

Wheels of Excruciation is a single model.

PREDATORY: Wheels of Excruciation is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 12" and
can fly.

Summon Wheels of Excruciation: Throwing

a small multi-bladed knife into the air and
channelling magical energy into it, the caster
summons forth a storm of swiftly moving
razor-sharp blades.

Summon Wheels of Excruciation has a casting

value of 5. Only CHAOS SLAANESH WIZARDS

can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up 1 Wheels of Excruciation model wholly
within 6" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Swirling Death: Once unleashed,

the Wheels
of Excruciation scythe unchecked across
the battlefield.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Exquisite Agony : The Wheels of Excruciation
deliver death by a thousand exquisite cuts to those
that get in their way.

After this model has moved, roll 6 dice for each
unit that has any models that this model passed
across. That unit suffers 1 mortal wound for
each roll that is less than that unit’s unmodified
Save characteristic.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, WHEELS OF EXCRUCIATION

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

Mesmerising Mirror

MESMERISING MIRROR

A Mesmerising Mirror is a cursed thing indeed, sent from Slaanesh’s palace to ensnare the unwary. Those who manage
to tear their gaze away feel a ripping pain in their soul – but those who do not suffer an even worse fate. Their essence is
drawn from their body, trapped in the mirror forever more as a plaything for Slaaneshi daemons.

DESCRIPTION

A Mesmerising Mirror is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Mesmerising Mirror is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 6" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Mesmerising Mirror : Smashing a

small glass mirror to the ground, the wizard uses
magical energy to cause it to reform and grow
in size.

Summon Mesmerising Mirror has a casting value

of 6. Only CHAOS SLAANESH WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set
up 1 Mesmerising Mirror model wholly within
18" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Irresistible Lure: The mirror lures mor tals as
a candle draws moths to its light. Those strong
enough to turn away feel knives of anguish and
loss driven into their hear ts.

If a unit starts a move within 12" of this model,
it suffers D3 mortal wounds unless it finishes the
move closer to this model than it was before the

move was made. This ability has no effect on

CHAOS SLAANESH units.

Gaze Not into its Depths: A Mesmerising

Mirror can enthral a warrior’s
soul, dragging his
essence screaming from his body if he looks too
long upon its glory.

After this model is set up, and after this model
has moved, roll 6 dice for each HERO within 6"

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, MESMERISING MIRROR

of this model (roll separately for each HERO).
For each 6, that HERO suffers a number of
mortal wounds equal to the number of 6s that
were rolled for that HERO.

For example,
if you rolled one 6 for a HERO,
that HERO would suffer 1 x 1 = 1 mortal
wound. If you rolled two 6s, that HERO would
suffer 2 x 2 = 4 mortal wounds,
if you rolled
three 6s, that HERO would suffer 3 x 3 = 9
mortal wounds, and so on. This ability has no

effect on CHAOS SLAANESH HEROES .


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

DREADFUL VISAGE

Dreadful Visage

The sorcerous entity known as the Dreadful Visage is said to be a mask that once adorned Slaanesh’s own face during
the Masquerade of the Palace Grandiose. On that fell night, it is said, the visage took on an evil sentience of its own,
and it can be called forth to bring a measure of its wearer’s horrific aura into the Mortal Realms.

DESCRIPTION

A Dreadful Visage is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Dreadful Visage is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Dreadful Visage: By inhaling great

lung fuls of hallucinogenic incense, the caster can
cause an aspect of their own worst fears to solidify
in reality – and then set the results upon their foes.

Summon Dreadful Visage has a casting value

of 7. Only CHAOS SLAANESH WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set
up 1 Dreadful Visage model wholly within 12" of
the caster.

Terrifying Entity : Gibbering, howling and
shrieking with cruel pleasure,
the Dreadful Visage
destroys the will of Slaanesh’s
enemies – while
his worshippers find themselves energised by its
discordant barrage of noise.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
units while they are within 12" of this model.
Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of CHAOS
SLAANESH units while they are within 12" of
this model instead of subtracting 1.

ABILITIES

Swooping Horror : The dreadful

face, an avatar
of pure horror, descends towards its terrified foes.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Flensing Tongues: Opening its soul-sucking
maw,
the Dreadful Visage lets fly a plethora of
hooked tongues that lash and flense the flesh of
those nearby.

After this model has moved, roll 6 dice for the
closest other unit within 6". If more than 1 other
unit is equally close, the player that moved this
model can choose which unit to roll the 6 dice
for. That unit suffers 1 mortal wound for each
roll of 4+.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, DREADFUL VISAGE

The dance of death intensifies as a Herald of Slaanesh summons the surreal enchantments of the Dark Prince. Whips and blades lacerate the
oncoming Tzeentchian daemons even as a cursed mirror entraps the mind of their leader,
the Changeling.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes, and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to
take a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger
units are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied
their size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum
sized unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit
that has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Slaanesh army. Updated
May 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

Daemonettes
Bladebringer, Herald on
Exalted Chariot
Bladebringer, Herald on Hellflayer
Bladebringer, Herald on
Seeker Chariot
The Contorted Epitome
Infernal Enrapturess,
Herald of Slaanesh
Syll’Esske, the Vengeful Allegiance
The Masque
Viceleader, Herald of Slaanesh
Keeper of Secrets
Shalaxi Helbane
Exalted Chariot
Fiends
Hellflayer

Hellstriders with Claw-spears

Hellstriders with Hellscourges

Seeker Chariots

Seekers

Epicurean Revellers
Hedonite Host
Supreme Sybarites
Seeker Cavalcade
Fane of Slaanesh
Dreadful Visage
Mesmerising Mirror
Wheels of Excruciation

10

30

110/300

Battleline

1

1

1

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
3
1

5

5

1

5

-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

1

1

1

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
9
1

20

20

3

20

-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

220

180

160

200

140

200
120
120
360
340
180
210
140

100

100

120

120

180
120
120
140
0
40
60
40

Leader

Leader

Leader

Leader

Leader

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Unique
Unique

Unique

Battleline in Slaanesh
army
Battleline in Slaanesh
army
Battleline in

GODSEEKERS HOST

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Scenery
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell

Slaanesh

Beasts of Chaos, Everchosen, Monsters of Chaos, Nurgle, Slaves to Darkness, Tzeentch.
KHORNE units cannot be taken as allies for a Slaanesh army.


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

As the Bad Moon fills the skies above, so the Gloomspite Gitz surge up from the darkness below in a
murderous horde.


PAGEBREAK
