
PAGEBREAK
From the maelstrom of a sundered world, the Eight Realms
were born. The formless and the divine exploded into life.
Strange, new worlds appeared in the firmament, each one
gilded with spirits, gods and men. Noblest of the gods was
Sigmar. For years beyond reckoning he illuminated the
realms, wreathed in light and majesty as he carved out his
reign. His strength was the power of thunder. His wisdom
was infinite. Mortal and immortal alike kneeled before his
lofty throne. Great empires rose and, for a while, treachery
was banished. Sigmar claimed the land and sky as his own
and ruled over a glorious age of myth.

But cruelty is tenacious. As had been foreseen, the great
alliance of gods and men tore itself apart. Myth and legend
crumbled into Chaos. Darkness flooded the realms. Torture,
slavery and fear replaced the glory that came before. Sigmar
turned his back on the mortal kingdoms, disgusted by their
fate. He fixed his gaze instead on the remains of the world he
had lost long ago, brooding over its charred core, searching
endlessly for a sign of hope. And then, in the dark heat of
his rage, he caught a glimpse of something magnificent. He
pictured a weapon born of the heavens. A beacon powerful
enough to pierce the endless night. An army hewn from
everything he had lost. Sigmar set his artisans to work and
for long ages they toiled, striving to harness the power of the
stars. As Sigmar’sgreat work neared completion, he turned
back to the realms and saw that the dominion of Chaos was
almost complete. The hour for vengeance had come. Finally,
with lightning blazing across his brow, he stepped forth to
unleash his creation.

The Age of Sigmar had begun.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

IDONETH DEEPKIN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4

A Strange Genesis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
The Great Emptiness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
The Deep Places . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
The Unseen Menace. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
The Idoneth Deepkin at War . . . . . . . . . . . .
16
Underwater Empires. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Isharann and Akhelian. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Idoneth Military Structure
. . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
The Idoneth Enclaves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
Ionrach
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
Dhom-hain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Fuethán . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Mor ’phann . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Nautilar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
32
Briomdar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
The Greatest Whirlways. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
34

FROMTHE SEASTHEYCOME. . . . . . . 37

Eidolons of Mathlann . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
38
Akhelian Kings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
High King Volturnos
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Isharann Agents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Akhelian Cavalry. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Namarti
Infantry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48

SPLENDOURSOF THE DEEPS . . . . . . . 51

High Tide of Destruction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Painting Your Idoneth Deepkin . . . . . . . . . 72

THE RULERS
BENEATH THE WAVES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83

Forces of the Idoneth . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
The Enclaves. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
85
Allegiance Abilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
Artefacts of Power. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
88
Lore of the Deeps. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
Isharann Rituals
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 93
The Ethersea . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 94
Gloomtide Shipwreck. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
95
Ionrach
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
Dhom-hain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97
Fuethán . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 98
Mor ’phann . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 99
Nautilar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
100
Briomdar . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
101
Battleplan: An Incoming Tide . . . . . . . . . . 102
Battleplan: The Harvest
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 104
Battleplan: The Pursuit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 106
Path to Glory Campaigns . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 108
Idoneth Deepkin Warband Tables . . . . . . 110
Battleplan: Undersea Attackers. . . . . . . . . 112
Idoneth Deepkin Tactics
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 114

WARSCROLLS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 118

Royal Council . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 120
Akhelian Corps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 121
Namarti Corps . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 122
Phalanx . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 123
Alliance of Wood and Sea . . . . . . . . . . . . . 124
Eidolon of Mathlann,
Aspect of the Storm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 126
Eidolon of Mathlann,
Aspect of the Sea . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 127
Volturnos, High King of the Deep . . . . . . 128
Akhelian King . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 129
Isharann Tidecaster . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 130
Isharann Soulscryer . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 131
Isharann Soulrender . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
131
Akhelian Allopexes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 132
Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers . . . . 132
Akhelian Leviadon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 133
Akhelian Morrsarr Guard . . . . . . . . . . . . . 134
Akhelian Ishlaen Guard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 134
Namarti Thralls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
135
Namarti Reavers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 135

PITCHED BATTLEPROFILES. . . . . . . 136

WHAT’S NEXT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .137

DESIGNEDBY GAMESWORKSHOPIN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Order Battletome: Idoneth Deepkin © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2018. Order Battletome: Idoneth Deepkin, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome,
Stormcast Eternals, and all associated logos, illustrations,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or ©
Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. All Rights Reserved.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise,
without
the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for illustrative purposes only.

Certain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrectly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under

the age of 16 without adult supervision.

Whatever your age, be careful when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instructions on the packaging.

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

ISBN: 978-1-78826-362-7

games-workshop.com

2


PAGEBREAK
3


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH

DEEPKIN

From out of blackness they come, emerging from the depths of the realms’ seas upon a surging tide
of magic. Thesemerciless raiders do not seek merely to slaughter or enslave, however, for they are the
Idoneth Deepkin – they have come to take their victims’ very souls.

The oceans of the Mortal Realms do
not easily divulge even the least of their
secrets. In those unplumbed depths lie
wonders untold, sunken treasures and
a diversity of creatures beyond count.
Occasionally some hint of these watery
marvels is wrested from the gloom,
brought up from the crushing depths
upon a fisherman’s line or carried to
shore by wayward tides. The greatest
of the seas’ secrets use layered veils of
powerful magics to ensure that none
who bear witness to them live to tell
the tale.

The Idoneth Deepkin are a mysterious
race of aelves that dwell in absolute
secrecy in the most profound reaches
of the realms. When they emerge
upon the surface world, they do so
for one purpose and one purpose
only: war. They are raiders, constantly
sending forth their armies – known
as phalanxes – in waves. Their attacks

are swift, yet there are warning signs
for those perceptive enough to pick up
upon them. Even hundreds of miles
from water, a salt tang hangs heavy in
the air, an eerie keening and the sound
of crashing waves can be heard in the
roar of the wind, and a chill mist rises.
Sailors and coast dwellers have learned
to recognise and fear such portents.

These invaders seek neither plunder
nor land, but rather
they hunt mortal
souls. The Idoneth Deepkin arrive in
a mystic haze, a swell of fear rolling
before them. Even when they fight
upon dry land, the Idoneth Deepkin
bring with them the magic of their
kingdoms, an ethersea of roiling
currents and crushing pressures. Many
a stunned landsman has gasped in
disbelief to see legendary behemoths
of the deep swimming through the air,
fighting under
the command of the
cold-eyed aelf warriors.

With the speed of a flood tide, the
Idoneth attack, massed Namarti
infantry advancing to the fore with
eel-mounted cavalry darting in upon
the flanks. Sinister, finned shapes skim
menacingly from the murk, aelf-
riders upon their backs pouring out
a fusillade of harpoon fire. Pounding
drums radiate distorting magic as
hulking Leviadons glide through the
air, missiles glancing off their thick
armoured shells.

At the zenith of the battle, the Idoneth
surge, unstoppable in their fury. As the
tide recedes, so too does the Idoneth
battle line, yet they continue to rain
arrows and launch counter-attacks even
as they withdraw. In their passing, the
Idoneth leave ruin, death and sleepers
that will never awaken – victims whose
souls have been stolen. Retreating
beneath the waves, the Idoneth return
to the utter isolation of the depths.

‘Ishall tell thee, boy, of what happened to the town
of Westmorr, what you know now as just the Old
Ruins. ’Twas an odd day, for that morn we awoke
to the smell of the sea – passing strange, for the salt
winds had never carried so far. At sunset the fog rose,
thickening while we slept, rolling across the village like
a damp shroud. The air itself grew heavy, so thick that
the torches of the nightwatch fizzled out, and a man had
to gasp to draw breath. From out of those mists they
came – writhing dragons and hulking behemoths from

the old tales, their great fangs flashing in the murk. They
came floating over the land, swarming over the town
walls. I have never seen anything like it. The watchmen,
the militia – all slain. Cruel phantoms danced among
them too, the beasts answering to their commands. In
the morning the mists were gone, and so were all of
Westmorr’s folk ’cept for those that slept unwaking. It
is no myth, I was there! I alone escaped to tell thee, I–
pardon me lad, but it feels like the Six Smiths themselves
are hammering my skull…’

4


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
First there is blackness, a
fathomless nothing. Yet
something stirs the void,
ripples sent forth from what
lies beyond.

Victims do not believe what
they are seeing, their heartbeats
quickening even as their
movements slow. Disoriented,
they feel as though they are
underwater, their vision
refracting as if they peer
through shifting currents.
Unsure if their eyes are playing
tricks, menacing shapes seem to
take form just beyond the edge
of their sight. And then, sliding
from out of utter darkness
comes the stuff of nightmares –
man-eating sea monsters out of
old fishermen’s tales.

Rising out of tempestuous
waters, the Idoneth Deepkin
rush in like the tide, bringing
their eldritch seas along with
them. They terrorise those who
dwell along the shorelines, but
nowhere, no matter how far
inland, is safe from their raids.
Striking swiftly, the Idoneth
collect their tally of souls before
retreating as suddenly as they
arrived. In their wake they
leave the dead and the doomed,
sleepers whose souls have been
stolen, fated to soon wither and
join their slain kin. The magic
of the Idoneth ensures that
any survivors remember little,
their memories smothered by a
lingering fear of the mysteries
that lie hidden within the
sea’s depths.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
A STRANGE GENESIS

Theywere born out of agony and unimaginable suffering, delivered from an eternity of torment
and temptation. This horrific beginning has twisted and shaped every aspect of how the aelves
known as the Idoneth Deepkin have developed. Theirs is a long history of shadow and pain.

The tale of how the Idoneth Deepkin
came to be begins before the Age
of Myth. It is a time that only the
immortal gods recall, an era when the
forces of Chaos battled for dominion
of the world-that-was. So great were
the destructive forces unleashed during
that period that
the planet began
to break apart, and the Dark Gods
revelled in their victory.

Slaanesh – the Chaos God of excess –
hungers for all mortal souls, but none
more so than those of aelfkind. With
their long lifespans and heightened
senses, aelves produce the sweetest
spirit-stuff, a luscious delicacy that
the Dark Prince will stop at nothing
to consume. At the end of the world-
that-was, Slaanesh gorged himself
nearly unto sedation in the grandest
feast of all. Even the underworlds were
plundered and a banquet made of every
aelf that had ever been, until
there
were no more souls to ingest… or so
it seemed.

Those aelves who worshipped
Mathlann, Lord of the Deeps, remained
out of sight, at least for a short while,
for their god was King of Storm and
Sea, and the fathomless depths were
part of his domain. There, hidden at
the bottom of the darkest of oceans,
he had long collected his due in secret.
Yet as the world-that-was shattered,
it
was not
long before even the watery
underworlds of Mathlann were drained
and laid bare. Slaanesh scented more
aelf souls, and rooted out each remote
enclave. Those souls he worked hardest
to find tasted best, and Slaanesh
devoured them all, destroying the sea-
god that sought to protect
them.

Thus, when the surviving deities awoke
and explored the eight realms of Azyr,
Aqshy, Ghur, Ghyran, Shyish, Hysh,
Chamon and Ulgu they found no
sign of aelfkind or their gods of old.
Desperately the newborn aelf gods
Teclis, Tyrion and Malerion searched,
but
they found no trace of any kin. The

8


PAGEBREAK
three did encounter Sigmar, however,
and they joined his growing pantheon.
They helped to bring civilisation to
the primitive tribes of mankind that
populated the realms. Some few aelves
were discovered, and they inhabited
the newly built city of Azyrheim in the
Realm of Heavens, but
this was but
the
barest fraction of a once prosperous
and noble race. The aelf gods continued
their search, at last following a
mysterious thread to discover where
Slaanesh attempted to recuperate from
his unbridled gluttony.

The tale of how Slaanesh was lured and
entrapped in the Hidden Gloaming
– a twilight territory between Hysh
and Ulgu – is a venture replete with
masterworks of arcana and dire peril.
In the end, Slaanesh was frozen like an
insect in amber. The Dark Prince was
tortured, and the process of drawing
out
that upon which he had glutted
himself was begun. Under a pact
agreed between them, Teclis, Tyrion
and Malerion would receive a share
of any souls that were recovered to
reshape and settle as they felt best. The
first souls regurgitated into being were
the last Slaanesh had swallowed, those
aelves that had been hidden in the sea
god Mathlann’s sunken underworlds.

It was Teclis who received these spirit-
essences, and he used them to remake
aelves in the image he most fondly
recalled – noble and bright of spirit.
In Hysh, Teclis wrought for his new
charges the luminescent city of Léiriú,
the Bright Haven or City of Reflection.
He taught
the Cythai – the Awakened
– of the elder days, of their dreaded
foes and of the aelven pantheon of
old. Although it was believed that
the aelf gods had been slain by their
archenemies the Ruinous Powers,
theirs had always been a cyclical tale,
and it was Teclis’ desire to revive the
old gods, bringing them back with a
new generation of worshippers. Yet
something was amiss.

The new aelves were not adjusting
well. They were withdrawn, and grew
resentful under Teclis’ tutelage. The
Cythai fought amongst
themselves and
split into factions. The god’s inner eye
could penetrate anything given time,
yet within each of the newly formed
aelves there remained shadows into
which Teclis could not yet peer. Fearing
contamination, Teclis wove purifying
spells, seeking to root out
the darkness.
The new aelves shied from this light
of truth, and its glare sent some
into madness.

Fearful for their lives, the remaining
aelves fled. They scattered across the
Mortal Realms, seeking sanctuary in
the deep places beneath the waves,
for the sea called to them. Teclis’
caution bid him destroy his failed
creations, for he felt in them repressed
horror, a legacy of their nightmarish
incarceration. It was his brother
Tyrion’s plea for leniency that stayed
his hand, and thus he allowed them to
escape. And so were the seeds of the
Idoneth Deepkin planted.

Over time each of the Cythai’s enclaves
developed differently, but all were
affected by their new environs and
self-imposed isolation. The magic they
learned from Teclis was adapted to
allow them to live underwater, even at
the most crushing of depths. They grew
attuned to their new surroundings,
learning to trust vibrations and changes
in pressure more than sight or sound,
and some of them became adept
in the
art of seeing the flaring soul-stuff that
animates the living. The deep places
forced the aelves to overcome new
dangers, yet there was another dilemma
that
threatened to send them into early
extinction. They soon discovered that
desperate new measures were needed if
they were to survive.


PAGEBREAK
THE GREAT EMPTINESS

No matter how far the Cythai fled, no matter how isolated their deepwater refuges were, there was one
threat from which they could never escape. The Awakened were doomed, cursed by a choice between
extinction and a grim plight, forever to be haunted by the ramifications wrought by their sinister past.

Although they did not realise it, a
curse hung heavy over the aelves that
fled from Teclis’ tutelage. Despite the
rigours of arcane purification to which
they had been subjected, the souls
reclaimed out of Slaanesh were each
irrevocably marked. Some descended
into what the aelves called mallachi,
a state of raging madness that ended
in savage debauchery. Luckily, few
suffered such degradations. There was,
however, a more prevalent flaw that
was discovered just as the undersea
settlements became more established,
and newborn aelves began to appear.

Since learning of their origins and
of Slaanesh, the Awakened held a
lingering fear that
they might suffer
from contamination. Those fears were
realised when almost none of their
offspring lived beyond infancy. Like
their parents, newborn aelves were
perfect in form, yet those who had
learned to perceive spirit-essence
could see that
the vast majority of

their progeny were born with swiftly
withering souls. The lives of those
so afflicted would be cut short with
cruel inevitability.

enclaves were rapidly dwindling in
number, with precious few offspring
surviving to replace the dead and
the forsaken.

Each of the enclaves realised their
doom – with only one in a hundred
of their children surviving, their race
would be a short-lived one. The word
the aelves had begun to use to refer to
themselves – Idoneth – meant ‘extreme
seclusion’.However, like many of the
words in the rich language taught
to
them by Teclis, the term could also
have different meanings dependent
upon inflection. The root word of
Idoneth could also mean ‘desperate
measures’, an irony in the name that
only later became apparent.

The Idoneth sought an arcane cure to
secure some kind of future for their
race. Aelfkind had always been blessed
with long lifespans, but between losses
to deepwater monstrosities and those
who succumbed to mallachi, the

No spell provided any type of cure,
until some groups of Idoneth learned
how to remove a creature’s animating
life-force from its body, and others
discovered how to implant
it within
an afflicted shell. At first, the Idoneth
attempted to transplant
the spirit-stuff
of undersea beasts, but early trials
met only with dismay as the energies
flickered and went out within days.
Realising the souls of such creatures
offered but a dim light compared to
their own, the Idoneth sought quarry
richer in spirit. That search brought
them once more to the surface world.

Souls stolen from mankind proved
capable of sustaining Idoneth offspring,
although it often took a half-dozen
such spirits to empower an aelf to live
even a third of their normal
lifespan.


PAGEBREAK
the noble class, destined to become
either Akhelians, the warrior caste,
or Isharann, priests and users of
magic. The majority are Namarti,
who are treated as subservient
thralls beneath the
command of the nobles,
and typically serve as
soldiers and workers
within the thriving
underwater cities.

Other souls, such as those of duardin,
Sylvaneth and orruks, worked equally
well for the Idoneth’s purpose. The
aelves tirelessly experimented and
perfected techniques that would
aid them in finding, stealing and
safekeeping this vital resource.

Even as new generations of Idoneth
were born,
the same ratio of healthy
to cursed offspring remained, and
so a constant supply of souls was
required to maintain their populations.
At first, these spirit-essences were
harvested simply to avoid their people’s
extinction. Soon, however, more were
needed to fund expansion, and to
continue the raids required to meet the
growing demand. So did the Idoneth’s
attacks become the stuff of folklore and
legend across the Mortal Realms.

Those born with atrophied souls but
granted an extended life through a
stolen spirit are Namarti, a word
meaning both blessed and
damned. The Namarti are
physically flawless,but far
shorter-lived than those born free
of their race’s curse. To make matters
more difficult for their kind, many of
their formative years must be spent
undergoing long arcane rituals, and so
they develop skills more slowly. Most
burdensome of all, however, is the
belief held by other Idoneth that
the
Namarti are tainted, a lesser class of
being because they possess the stolen
soul of some creature traditionally
considered low-cultured and barbaric
by aelves. As a consequence, the
Idoneth have a distinct caste system.
Those few born with intact souls are

THAT WHICH IS THE SOUL

The soul is the animating life-force of a living creature, the being’s divine spark.
It typically departs only in death, travelling out
towards the underworld of
the deceased’s belief system, or drifting into the Realm of Chaos. The Idoneth
Deepkin, however, have perfected the art of severing this spirit-force from a
creature’s physical form entirely, drawing it out and collecting it. Once a soul
is removed, the victim falls into a deep sleep, never to wake. Such spirit-
theft means that Idoneth raids typically leave settlements as empty ruins,
inhabited only by the dead and by those who soon will be.


PAGEBREAK
THE DEEP PLACES

The Idoneth Deepkin come from the fathomless depths. There,
at the lowest reaches of the Mortal Realms, they have built
secluded strongholds, great bastions that have grown to
become aelf nations. Uncharted by other races and utterly
isolated, such deep places are full of both mystery and horror.

As vast as the Mortal Realms are, there are few places above ground that
have not felt, at some point
in their history,
the tread of intrepid explorers
or marching armies seeking to plant flags and establish kingdoms. From the
dark hearts of the wildest forests to the heavens above the clouds themselves,
territories are claimed, lands cultivated and resources mined. The oceans and seas
of the realms, however, have largely resisted exploration. While the waves might
be travelled by trade convoys and war fleets, what lies beneath the surface remains
uncharted,
its secrets inscrutable.

Those who make their living upon the seas, such as sailors or fishermen, speak in
awe of the beasts that breach the surface or oddities that are pulled up from the
depths. Air breathers who do submerge into the watery worlds below bring back
astonishing tales. Coastal freedivers and beast-hunting Scourge Privateers
return with reports of strange and terrible creatures. The rarely seen aquatic
races – like the merwynn or kelpdar – are known to go deeper still,
although even they do not dare travel beyond the strata where the light
of the sun still penetrates, however weakly. They speak with whispered
horror of the deeper twilight waters and the ultimate blackness beneath,
where the crushing pressures and near-freezing temperatures are filled
with the most dreadful of underwater predators. Rumours abound about
the depths, but
it is known that
there hunts the krakigon, the kalypsar,
kharibdyss and the lurkinarth. What else prowls that forbidding zone is more
speculation than fact, but
it is a commonly held belief that even the fiercest
predators of the upper levels of the oceans are prey to what lies beneath. When
even the wolfpack shoals of razor-fanged flensfins show signs of fear, fleeing from
threats below, then truly does dread flow.

It is into these depths that
the ancestors of the Idoneth fled. In the short
term
they sought escape from Teclis’ light of reason, but
there was something more,
something deeper. The Cythai sought escape from the horrors of their past, a racial
memory of incarceration within the Chaos God Slaanesh that was buried
within their very souls. And what better way to escape the Lord of Excess
than to flee to a realm where so many of the senses became obsolete? In
the blackest abyss sight is useless, touch is rendered null by the chilling
cold, and emotion is drowned out by the bleak emptiness. To survive
the torment
in their souls, the aelves of old fled within the deepest
recesses of their minds,
locking out all stimuli, numbing themselves
entirely. The closest physical approximation of such complete solitude
was found only the deepest, darkest of places imaginable.

12


PAGEBREAK
The first destination of the reborn aelves was at the bottom of the Gealus Ocean
in the Realm of Light. There, they discovered the whirlways, whirlpools that
connected many of the other deepest places beneath the oceans, seas and lakes of
the other Mortal Realms. Using the whirlways, the six distinct factions of the
Cythai each struck out
to establish their own independent kingdoms.

The largest faction – they who called themselves the Ionrach – were to
become the widest spread. They maintained a garrison at their original
founding in Hysh, but also used the whirlways to establish a capital – the
glowing city of Príom – in Ghyran, and other lesser holds across each
of the realms. It was they who made the most effort to maintain contact
with their widely dispersed kin. Those who would become the Dhom-
hain settled at the bottom of the Black Trough in the Realm of Beasts.
There, a long scar runs along the seabed, descending miles down. The myths
claim that
it was created by the footfall of Gorkamorka when he waded into the
waters to battle the Father of Krakigon. The Dhom-hain built their sprawling city
along the chasm’s walls, learning to craft the living coral into shapes more pleasing
to them. The most
impulsive of the factions – the Fuethán – travelled to Aqshy,
finding a route at last to the vitriolic reaches of the Mordacious Sound. The most
secluded of all were the Mor’phann. They haunt
the bleached shorelines of Shyish,
raiding out from their capital of Mor’drechi at the base of the Great Quagmire.

No matter where each group of aelves settled, they were confronted with the
same difficulties, and forced to fight many battles. To begin with, the magics
taught by Teclis were barely enough to allow them to survive beneath the
waves. Those aelves most gifted with magic – the Isharann – developed
all manner of new spells and arcane lores. Those in the Chorralus
could shape coral and shell with song, and would become the
builders of the Idoneth, while Tidecasters learned to merge air
and sea so that
those with lungs might cohabit the same sphere as
the gilled with equal ease. Soulscryers learned how best to hunt
that spark of life-force that would enable the Namarti
to survive.
While few armies ever assailed the growing Idoneth cities, the
threat from marine creatures was constant and severe. From
swarms of gnawfish and lampriachs to colossal monstrosities like
the gargadon or the thousand-tentacled sithilopod, the Idoneth
quickly learned to defend themselves and their growing empires.

At one time the Cythai faced the extinction of their kind, yet after
countless ebbs and flows of the tide, the Idoneth Deepkin are expanding.
One of the original factions of the Awakened has disappeared into the gloom
altogether, although it is unknown whether they are destroyed or simply gone
where none can track them. But the others remain and have themselves split, each
spawning splinter factions of their own, such as the Nautilar, who built their city
upon the back of a bottom-dwelling creature, and the Loknath, spectral raiders
out of the shadow realm of Ulgu. Across all realms, across all types of water –
from arctic to volcanic – the descendants of the Cythai have established their own
burgeoning kingdoms.

13


PAGEBREAK
THE UNSEEN MENACE

The Idoneth Deepkin rely not only upon their soul raiding to survive, but also secrecy, for they
need solitude like surface dwellers need air. For entire ages the Idoneth Deepkin’s isolation has been
assured, yet a new era is dawning upon the Mortal Realms.

To simply sustain their undersea
empires, each enclave of the Idoneth
Deepkin must secure a tremendous
number of souls. However, in order
for them to grow their kingdoms, even
more are required. Although the first of
the Idoneth struggled with the moral
dilemma of wresting the life-force from
others so that
their own kind could live,
such considerations have long since
worn away. All through the Age of
Chaos and into the Age of Sigmar the
Idoneth have launched their raids, for it
has become their very way of life.

Over the millennia, the Idoneth have
adapted their forces, battlefield tactics
and even their magic to not only
perfect these raids, but
to prevent
others from discovering the truth
behind them. They attack with speed
and surprise, striking quickly from
under
the cover of their magically
conjured etherseas. Yet these incursions
are not
the careless rampages of
bloodthirsty savages, for the Idoneth
are aelves, and all their deeds are
approached with the utmost skill and
precision. Their efforts often require
both military and arcane assets to work
in perfect conjunction.

While the depths are subject to
constant assault from predatory
creatures, they are not
threatened by
the nation-building activities of other
empires, and are far removed from

political intrigue or even well-meaning
diplomacy. The Idoneth’s craving for
seclusion is regarded by the other races
who know of their existence not as
aloofness but obsessive isolationism. To
preserve the secrecy of their kingdoms
the Deepkin would go to any lengths,
and they frequently do.

The Tidecasters of the Idoneth are
masters of current and motion.
Their spells can transport entire
phalanxes across the oceans at speeds
unimaginable to surface dwellers. With
such ability to traverse great distances,
the Idoneth can launch raids easily
along any coastline. Using rivers and
waterways they can travel far inland.
This means they can pick and choose
their quarry,
letting their Soulscryers
guide them towards the richest yields
of souls. Most enclaves are careful not
to overtax the same areas, and so the
Idoneth’s raids are often spaced out
over several generations of their targets’
lifespans. The eldest amongst
their
prey might recall legends of nearby

14

settlements left abandoned save for
mysterious sleepers, or tall tales of
sea monsters that once swam across
the fields, but
there are seldom any
actual witnesses.

That few members of other races gaze
upon the Idoneth Deepkin and survive
can be attributed to the prowess of
the phalanxes and the efficiencyof
their raids, but
there is also another
factor. Surrounded by their ethereal
sea, the spell-casting Isharann and the
supernatural Eidolons of Mathlann
can harness the obliviating energies of
the tide and the abyss. It is true that
those whose souls are stolen fall into a
comatose state, a slumber from which
they never waken. Yet the remainder
– terrified onlookers, keen-eyed night
watchmen or even warriors in the
grips of battle fury – are entranced by
the lulling sound of lapping waves, the
tranquil whisper of rhythmic surf and
the siren call of the primordial sea.
Those lucky enough to stir from their
mystic stupor find they remember
nothing. Even those wounded in the
raid recall scant little of their attackers.

Though the Idoneth are masters of
clouding their victims’ memories using
the bewitching magic of the ocean
deeps, their own history has taught
them that some experiences are so
horrifying that
the mind does not need
to be compelled to suppress them.


PAGEBREAK
NAUGHT

BUT MYTH

As the Age of Chaos dawned, the
Idoneth felt more strongly than ever
about maintaining their secrecy.
Even other enclaves did not know the
whereabouts of their distant kin, for
each group met but rarely. Even those
who attended the assembrals – periodic
gatherings of the leaders of each faction
so that
they might not wholly lose
contact with each other – took pains
to conceal their movements so that
none might divine the locations of their
strongholds. To other races and the
growing forces of Chaos, the invaders
from the ocean were little more than a
myth. The few who survived the raids
and by chance avoided the memory-
wiping magic of their attackers were
reckoned madmen, and their warnings
fell on deaf ears.

Around the borders of the Idoneth’s
cities the wreckage and waste resulting
from their raids began to pile, so that
each was encircled by a zone of sunken
ships and the fish-picked bones of
giant predators. These became another
form of defence, for any cover upon
the sea bed soon became the hunting
grounds of the voracious sea monsters
that stalked the deeps. The Idoneth felt
secure, but
it would not
last.

The first few chinks in the era of
solitude began with the return of
an age-old nemesis. The Seekers of
Slaanesh – wayward armies of daemons
and tainted mortals – roamed the lands
and seas of the realms in search of
their missing god. One such questing
army sought traces of their patron in
Ulgu and chanced upon an Idoneth
attack. Intrigued,
the army’s leader,

the Keeper of Secrets known as Sslish
the Depraved, followed the aelves and
assailed them. At first the daemons
were successful, but when an Eidolon
of Mathlann was summoned the Chaos
forces were annihilated. Yet daemons
are immortal, and Keepers of Secrets
often prove to be ill named.

Nigh on a century later, the Gaunt
Summoners, seers and spellcasters of
immense power in thrall
to Archaon,
began to follow strange threads of
magic. Their unanswered questions
led them to the true name of Sslish the
Depraved, and so the greater daemon
was brought out of banishment
to
stand before the Summoners’ master.
Seeking still more information of what
he suspected was an elusive foe of old,
the Everchosen commanded the skaven
Lords of Decay to plunder
the oceans
of the realms, to dredge their depths
in search of these mysterious aelves.
Most of the interlopers were caught
and destroyed by the vigilant Idoneth
Deepkin. Yet not all.

So began a new era for the aelves of
the abyss. It was a time of invasions,
of carefully crafted ambushes awaiting
them in seemingly peaceful coastal
settlements. The hunters had once

15

again become the hunted, and many
eyes sought to peer into a watery world
previously considered the haunt of
nothing more than beasts.

In a vicious cycle, the Idoneth Deepkin
were forced to raid more often, for
they needed to bolster their phalanxes
and replace warriors that had been lost
defending their empires. So were the
Idoneth revealed at last to many of the
other races of the Mortal Realms. To
some it was as if the myths of old had
come alive – the stories of cold-eyed
raiders who rose from the waters to
prey upon them proved to be true. To
others it was simply confirmation of
something they had long suspected.
More importantly,
it represented a
chance to strike back against the raiders
who had attacked them and then fled
so quickly back to the impenetrable sea.

With the Age of Sigmar a new era was
dawning. The forces of Order sought
to negotiate with the Idoneth Deepkin,
to count
them amongst
their growing
civilisations and to ally with them
against the forces of Chaos. However,
their militant and isolationist views
put
them in frequent conflict with the
races of the surface world, including
other aelven factions. The Idoneth are
compelled to raid, and some enclaves
see no difference in the life-force of the
Sylvaneth or Daughters of Khaine to
that of men or orruks. Indeed, some
enclaves far prefer it. Souls and their
people’s solitude are the only currency
the Idoneth Deepkin care about,
giving not a whit for money, gems
or diplomatic ties. So it is, at best, a
fragile peace they hold with the forces
of Sigmar and his allies.


PAGEBREAK
THE IDONETH

DEEPKIN AT WAR

Most other races of the Mortal Realms know nothing about the Idoneth save perhaps myths or
rumours. The aelves of the deep have worked very hard to maintain their reclusive status, and the
secret to their success has been the devastating thoroughness of their attacks.

Sudden ambushes and hit-and-run
assaults are the forte of the Idoneth
Deepkin’s phalanxes. Whether
raiding
for souls or sallying forth to attack
foes approaching too closely to their
underwater strongholds,
the Idoneth
advance with the speed of a surging
wave. However, as swift as their
warriors are, they are not
the first thing
to assail the foe.

Wherever the Idoneth Deepkin go, they
bring the magic of their kingdoms with
them. Before any troops arrive upon a
battlefield a strange force washes over
their destination, subtle at first, but
becoming more and more pronounced.
The area affected by this supernatural
atmosphere can range from the size
of a small fishing village to that of a
sprawling city and its outlying defences.
On land, no matter how far from a
body of water, sea mists rise and the
salt tang of the ocean hangs in the
air. Underwater
the effect is equally
singular, as the liquid shimmers,
growing ever murkier as if clouds of silt
were wafting in upon some alien tide.
This is the ethersea, a pervading aura
of magic that
lends aid to the Idoneth
while thwarting the efforts of their foes.

As it manifests slowly, most observers
surrounded by the ethersea dismiss
the first signs, thinking them as tricks
of the light. From the edges of the
thickening mists phantasmal
forms

flicker from the nothingness,
lone
shapes at first, then entire shoals of
fish dart
through coral formations that
rise from the ground. In the distance
can be seen sunken relics that seem
to materialise out of the darkened
periphery. There lie the rotting hulks
of shipwrecks or the half-buried bones
of some enormous leviathan. Ethereal
sea life gathers around such relics, a
sight not so unusual underwater, but
startling to see upon dry land.

Many opposing warriors drop their
weapons in amazement, streams of
bubbles issuing from their slackened
jaws as they watch fish and other
creatures of the deep glide in from the
edges of the battlefield. Like mirages,
they appear and disappear. Most are
illusions, figments conjured to the
battlefield by the spellcasters of the
Idoneth, which vanish before a waving
hand can reach out
to brush them aside
like gossamer. Sometimes, however,
a hand sweeping out
to scatter an
illusionary shoal comes back missing

16

fingers, clouds of blood billowing
forth as if immersed underwater. Yet
these are just distractions as the true
threat arrives.

From the murky cover of the ethersea
an Idoneth phalanx begins to
arrive. Waves of Namarti act as light
skirmishers. Reavers loose flights of
arrows while Thralls advance, twirling
two-handed blades in nimble arcs. The
appearance of these graceful warriors
is unnerving to those foes close enough
to see, for the Namarti have no eyes.
A thin veil of unbroken flesh stretches
over each socket, lending them a
disturbingly impassive aspect. Yet the
aelves move as if they could see clearly,
deftly reacting to any enemy attack.

For those who have not faced the
Idoneth before – or have no memory of
doing so – the next attack wave is more
disconcerting still, for it is comprised
of the Akhelians, the warrior nobility
of the enclaves. More heavily armoured
than the Namarti,
they advance to
war mounted atop creatures of the
deeps – hulking Leviadons, voracious
Allopexes or slithering Fangmora Eels.
These aquatic beasts seldom breach
the surface of the oceans, and to see
them swimming through the air is a
terrifying sight for those unaccustomed
to such wonders. Many of the Idoneth’s
victims flee at this point, but
in truth
the horrors are only just beginning.


PAGEBREAK
As one wave of the assault recedes
another
rushes in to take its place. Like
the rising tide, each onrush seems to
grow stronger,
to penetrate further
into any remaining defences. The brief
lulls between these attacks are far from
soothing, for disturbing shapes flit in
the ethersea, playing upon victims’
minds until
they leap at every shadow.

Such apparitions are not simply
evidence of fear running rampant
amongst
the enemy ranks, but also the
panic-inducing magic of the Isharann
at work. It is these practitioners of the
arcane who bring the ethersea, and
who wield the power of repression
as a weapon just as their Akhelian

counterparts wield the blade. As the
foe scatters before this mental assault,
mask-helmed figures bearing wicked
scythe-hooks stride through the
confusion, cruelly harvesting life-force
as it departs bodies rent by sweeping
blows. Meanwhile, those among the
Isharann gifted with the spirit-sight
single out particularly bright souls,
illuminating them as blazing beacons
which other Idoneth Deepkin are
drawn towards like ocean predators in
a feeding frenzy.

Finally, amidst
the maelstrom of
combat comes the shimmering form
of an Eidolon of Mathlann. To foes it
appears as a wrathful incarnation of an

ocean deity, or some terrible daemon
of the deeps. Whatever the truth,
the
Eidolons manifest as cloaked aelf-like
figures that radiate the irresistible
power of the seas, and inspire the aelves
to greater feats of magic or fury.

As the tide rushes in, swift and
unstoppable, so too does it ebb.
Whether
they feel the magic of the
ethersea fading, have collected enough
souls, or wish to avoid being drawn
into a prolonged battle, the Idoneth
Deepkin soon enact a strategic retreat,
loosing volleys and counter-attacks as
they leave. As suddenly as it arrived,
the phalanx is gone, retreating back
beneath the waves once again.


PAGEBREAK
BOND-BEASTS

Since the founding of their undersea
kingdoms, the Idoneth Deepkin have
been forced to fight all manner of
hostile sea creatures. As the aelves
became more accustomed to their new
environments, many turned their hand
towards taming these animals, seeing
their potential as beasts of burden or
allies in war.

Most attempts to subdue sea monsters
ended in violence. There were a few
successes where a handful of Ochtar
and Deepmares cooperated with the
Idoneth, but no creatures could be
domesticated, and most remained
dangerously wild despite the best
efforts of would-be beast handlers.
Eventually, a new school of Isharann
was founded – the Embailors.

There are many peoples of the realms
that demonstrate a special sympathy
with certain creatures, such as the
Stormcast Eternals and their Dracoth
allies, or the Fyreslayers and their
Magmadroth steeds. Although such a
bond was sought by the Idoneth with
the beasts of the deeps, it was not
to be.

by any Akhelians brave enough to ride
them. It was a long and distasteful
process, punctuated by violent
outbreaks and great loss of life. Many
times sea monsters broke their bonds to
rampage into densely populated cities,
wreaking havoc before being hunted
down and slain.

‘We soon learned that the
best way to halt rampaging
sea monsters was to employ
our own.’

- Mor ’u, first of the Embailors

Unable to tame most creatures, the
Embailors instead used magic to
break them, wearing the beasts down
mentally so that
they might be directed

For the magical domination to work it
was discovered that
the blinding of the
bond-beasts was required. Besides, the
Embailors reasoned, in the deep places
sight was seldom needed, and in the
ethersea there were many other senses
that could be attuned to work as well as
or better than eyesight. So it was in this
way that many ocean monsters were
subdued and eventually enlisted into
the Idoneth’s work forces. The deadliest
of the beasts were swiftly pressed into


PAGEBREAK
service with the phalanxes, where their
strength and ferocity could be brought
to bear against the Idoneth’s foes.

Throughout
the strongholds of each
of the enclaves can be found all
manner of bond-beasts at work. In the
rare instances where light is needed,
luminar
fish are floated into position,
their bioluminescence able to brighten
even the largest abyssal vaults. The
rock-boring druilfish aids Namarti
in
carving out underhalls or expanding
the cave networks of some undersea
cities. The arcane charge of the stórá
is drained to power many of the fanes
of the Isharann, while the molten
discharge of the fuiadon is channelled
to fire the forges. It is in war, however,
that
the bond-beasts have truly earned
their place amongst
the Idoneth.

Akhelian cavalry are the elite heart
of the Idoneth Deepkin military. The
mighty Leviadon is the living fortress
of the phalanxes, able to hold the centre
of the Idoneth battle line or plough
straight
through the enemy no matter
how deep or well armoured their
formations. The blood-seeking Allopex
rends gaping holes in enemy monsters
and armies alike. Most common of
all bond-beasts are the serpentine
Fangmora Eels, creatures famed for
their swiftness, aggressive tenacity and
razor-sharp teeth.

Thus have some of the most ferocious
creatures of the ocean depths been
forced to serve those they once preyed
upon. To this day, the Embailors are
still seeking new creatures that
they
might bind into service.

THE SAFETY OF SOLITUDE

It is not only beasts that
the Idoneth
struggle to connect with, but also
other races and even members
of their own kind. The enclaves
routinely feud or withdraw from
each other. In extreme cases
they even go to war. This fervent
isolationism pervades Idoneth
society, and typically the aelves
seek long periods of reclusion.
During such times they attempt
to minimise their cognitive
processes, numbing their minds
so that
they might not
think, feel
or dream. Although it is long since
their founders escaped Slaanesh,
something terrible remains buried
deep in their collective psyche.


PAGEBREAK
UNDERWATER

EMPIRES

The Idoneth Deepkin are secretive, their every move shrouded by spells of forgetfulness. Unbeknownst
to the surface dwellers whom they prey upon, these mysterious aelves have fought and died to preserve
their undersea kingdoms for thousands of years.

The true history of the Idoneth
Deepkin begins before their ancestors
arrived in the Mortal Realms. It
was during the final stages of the
destruction of the world-that-was that
Slaanesh uncovered the last clusters of
aelf-kind. These had been secreted by
Mathlann,
the aelven god of the deeps,
but
they were devoured all the same.

THE AGE OF MYTH

To other races this is a time of gods
and legends, but to the Idoneth
Deepkin it
is neither.

A NEW BEGINNING

The first souls to be freed from bloated
Slaanesh are the last the god consumed.
Teclis the Illuminator
reshapes this new
race, teaching them magic in hopes of
rebuilding the noble and glorious aelf
empires of old.

THE TIME OF EXODUS

The aelves moulded by Teclis prove
volatile, first factionalising and then
rebelling against their saviour. They
grow to resent the god and shy away
from his light of truth. Referring to
themselves as the Cythai, or Awakened,
these aelves flee, seeking sanctuary
in the deepest place they can find –
beneath the waves. They settle, albeit
briefly, deep beneath the waves of the
Gealus Ocean in Hysh, the Realm of
Light. There they establish the city
of Gealrachi, but
the aelves are too

divided to remain as a single people.
Upon discovering the whirlways, they
use them to spread out across the
Mortal Realms. So are the first of the
Idoneth Deepkin kingdoms founded.

yet by the end of the battle, half the
mountainhold inhabitants are dead
and the remainder
lie sleeping, never to
awaken. Not a single gemstone or ingot
of gold is taken.

BLEAK REALITY

Now scattered across the Mortal
Realms, each Idoneth faction makes the
same discovery – no gods answer their
calls. Worse is to come. To their horror,
the aelves find that
the vast majority of
their offspring are born with withered
souls. After many trials they find the
means by which to steal replacement
souls, and begin raiding immediately.

THE MISSING FLEETS

Travel at sea has always been a perilous
venture, for ships disappear without
trace due to storms or sea monsters.
The Idoneth hunt
the shipping lanes of
the rapidly growing civilisations that
have sprung up across the realms. They
ambush fleets, sending the wrecks of
entire convoys sinking to the sea floor.
Such is the demand for souls, however,
that coastal raids soon begin.

THE SLEEPING CITY

The Ionrach enclave depletes all the
fishing villages along the coast of
Chósta-Fe, but
they require more
souls. Mustering all their forces, the
Ionrach invade the underhalls of the
duardin of Gronbek. The duardin fight
hard to protect
their treasure hoards,

20

THE FLOTSAM ISLES WAR

During a long campaign against orruk
forces, Volturnos of the Ionrach earns
a Kingship. His destruction of the
flotsam islands constructed by the
greenskins all but ends the threat
they
once posed, and begins the meteoric
rise that eventually sees him named
High King.

LEGENDS OF THE SEA

By this point every coastline and
shipping lane near to an Idoneth
Deepkin colony is rife with myths
and legends attempting to explain
missing convoys, ransacked towns and
strange discoveries of villageswith
sleeping populations that will not stir.
The Idoneth’s development of magics
which centre around the repression of
memories ensures that even those foes
who witness the Idoneth Deepkin and
live soon forget about
the sea aelves.
Most losses suffered by their victims are
blamed on the rising Chaos powers.

THE WHITE BLADE

Gwyth Banríonic, the first, and many
say greatest, of the Dhom-hain Queens,
leads a soul raid on the Sylvaneth
inhabiting the coasts of Ghyran’s


PAGEBREAK
Tendril Sea. The legendary general
falls in battle after Alarielle herself
arrives to aid the beleaguered forest
folk. The famous Bánmhar – the White
Blade enchanted by Teclis himself – is
lost during the hasty retreat from the
enraged life-goddess. Since that
time
many questing parties have been sent
out from Rúndhar seeking the lost
sword, but no sign of it has yet been
found. Some say that Alarielle herself
keeps the heirloom, for the Everqueen
proves immune to the Idoneth’s
enchantments, and has not forgiven
them since that day.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

The wonders of the Age of Myth slowly
crumble away beneath a growing
Chaos assault. The mainlands of the
surface dwellers are assailed, at first
by daemons but soon also by mutated
traitors and their own corrupted
kinsmen. The undersea kingdoms
of the Idoneth remain undiscovered
by the servants of the Dark Gods,
although many mindless monsters
tainted by Chaos energies find their
way to the ocean depths.

BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER

When Ionrach colonies begin probing
the Ominod Sea near the Black
Trough they spark a simmering feud
that culminates in a brief but violent
war between the Dhom-hain and
Ionrach enclaves. Several additional
Idoneth Deepkin factions take sides,
but most remain neutral and call for
peace. Several battles – including
the infamous Battle of Tears and the
ambush at Glyngulch – take place in
Ghur, Ghyran and Hysh. The Dhom-
hain cease to attend the assembrals.

THE NAUTILAR

Following disagreements over the
recent internal strife, nearly a quarter
of the Akhelians and Isharann of the
Ionrach split off to form the Nautilar.
They establish a city atop the shell of
a Great Scaphodon, a continent-sized
beast that wanders the seabeds of Ghur.

but concentrating especially upon
Ulgu. In the Realm of Shadows, an
army led by the Keeper of Secrets
Sslish the Depraved picks up the scent
of an Idoneth Deepkin raid from the
Aighmar enclave and follows them
back to their colony. Sslish is defeated
but more trouble is soon to follow.

RED TIDES

The Nautilar and Dhom-hain put aside
old grievances to annihilate a massive
Bonesplitter orruk fleet. Appearing
amidst
the greenskins’ vast raft-flotillas,
the Idoneth smash apart
the crude
ships, dooming tens of thousands of
orruks. So much blood is spilled in
the water that
it attracts all manner
of Ghurish marine predators, which
partake in a vast feeding frenzy.

AN ILL OMEN

Following seams of realmstone, a
skaven army tunnels up into one of
the lesser colonies of the reclusive
Mor’phann enclave in Shyish. There,
along the base of the sea floor of the
Great Quagmire, the battle is swift and
one-sided. The victorious Mor’phann
are put on high alert, redoubling their
protective measures around their
capital of Mor’drechi.

HUNTERS OF CHAOS

The Briomdar actively send raids into
the thick forests off the Mantle Coast,
not
to secure souls, but rather
to cull
the rising numbers of beastmen that
infest the once-verdant glades. The
Idoneth Deepkin form no alliance with
the Sylvaneth there, and sometimes
prey upon them, yet even they cannot
bear to see the Children of Alarielle fall
to Chaos.

AELF WARS

Conflicts begin between the Daughters
of Khaine and the Idoneth Deepkin.
Several enclaves, notably the Fuethán
and the Dhom-hain,
show a preference
for stealing aelf-souls over those of
other races, whom they deem inferior.
Although the temples of Morathi’s kin
prove difficult to find, hidden as they
are in the Shadowlands of Ulgu, several
war covens are found by the Idoneth
and ambushed. The Khainites known
as the Kraith vow revenge upon all
Idoneth Deepkin.

DISCOVERED BY DAEMONS

The questing armies of Slaanesh grow
more and more prolific. They seek any
sign of their missing god, leaving no
corner of the Mortal Realms unturned,

21


PAGEBREAK
THE AGE OF SIGMAR

A new age begins as Sigmar ’s
reopening of Azyr to the other Mortal
Realms heralds a time of great change
for the isolationist enclaves of the
Idoneth Deepkin.

BY ORDER OF
THE EVERCHOSEN

Archaon, Exalted Grand Marshal of
the Apocalypse, has long suspected
the deep waters of the realms to
harbour
some sort of aelven presence.
Although it takes a great deal of time,
the Everchosen wrings the knowledge
he seeks out of Sslish the Depraved and
a number of Verminlords. Archaon
puts great pressure upon the skaven to
plumb the realms’ oceans until
they
find definitive signs of the Idoneth.

SOUL SHATTERING

Over the course of a decade, three
new skaven tunnels are detected and
destroyed by the Mor’phann before the
Idoneth are discovered by the ratmen.
Alas, Aighmar, a descendent enclave,
does not fare so well. In a series of
campaigns culminating in the Siege
of Blackfire,Aighmar’s domains are
breached and ultimately annihilated
by the skaven, and its chorrileum is
damaged beyond salvation.

COUNCIL OF DISHARMONY

When the Ionrach attempt
to
organise an assembral to aid the
beset Mor ’phann – who would never
themselves ask for help – the Fuethán
instead instigate what threatens to
become a civil war. Staving off all-out
conflict, the councils of the Ionrach
steer the dispute towards de’comhrac,
honour duels between Akhelian Kings.

All too often, however, these ritual
combats between Kings grow to larger
battles where multiple phalanxes clash
with one another.

THE COAST OF HORNS

The Idoneth of Dhom-hain become
the first of their kind to encounter
the Stormcast Eternals when Sigmar’s
Warriors arrive on the battlefield along
Ghur’s Coast of Horns. The desperation
of the situation as well as the Idoneth’s
inability to sever the souls of the
Stormcasts leads the two factions to
form a temporary alliance.

THE TIDE OF FILTH

The Briomdar stronghold of Green
Gulch is invaded by Nurgle’s Plague
Legions, who seek the hidden refuge
of Alarielle. Led by a triumvirate of
Great Unclean Ones, the daemon
armies threaten to contaminate the
entire underwater
fortress. Timely
reinforcements are delivered by the
Ionrach,
led by High King Volturnos,
who himself hunts down and slays the
trio of greater daemons. Thanks to the

22

magics of the Tidecasters, the filth is
soon washed away. Following the battle,
Volturnos
seeks the Everqueen, hoping
to make amends for the rift that
lies
between her and the Idoneth Deepkin.
Alarielle, fearing a Chaos trap, remains
in seclusion.

DOOMPOOLS

Tzeentchian forces tamper with
many of the whirlways, the deep-sea
Realmgates that
the Idoneth use to
traverse the realms. Many whirlways
spawn strange vortexes that spin away,
spewing daemons. Several grow into
vast doompools that
threaten to suck
everything nearby into the Realm of
Chaos. Many enclaves band together
to close these swirling portals, fighting
numerous campaigns against the
daemons that seek to keep them open.

WARDEN OF THE
SOUL-LEDGERS

Thanks to his exemplary work, Lotann,
greatest of Soul Wardens,
is granted
the title Warden of the Soul Ledgers
at an historic Idoneth assembral. Thus
does Lotann begin to aid not only the
Ionrach, but all the enclaves of the
Idoneth Deepkin.

AN ALLIANCE FORESTALLED

Stormcast Eternal emissaries visit the
Ionrach capital of Príom, beseeching
the aid of the largest of the Idoneth
enclaves. An assembral is held, with
many enclaves abstaining or voting
against any such alliance, despite
the impassioned pleas of High King
Volturnos. So did Sigmar’sStormhosts
fight the battles of the Realmgate Wars
with little to no help offered from the
Idoneth Deepkin.


PAGEBREAK
SIEGE OF THE
GREAT SCAPHODON

Many enclaves report skaven
incursions, but none are as damaging as
the invasion of the Nautilar. The skaven
fleet of decrepit submersibles and
carc-ships, little more than the vermin-
infested corpses of sea monsters,
invade
the Idoneth city-nation built upon the
back of a Great Scaphodon. Spires are
toppled, and the inner-whorl sectors of
the titanic beast’s shell are overrun with
ratmen. Using strange drills, the skaven
burrow deep into the Nautilar’s capital.

The battles last for six years, spreading
through nearly all of the hundreds of
miles of shell-structures built upon
the Great Scaphodon. The stubborn
defence of the Nautilar staves off defeat,
but
it is only the arrival of High King
Volturnos and the Stormcast Eternals
that allows the Idoneth to take the
offensive.At last, the skaven leader –
Grystleback the Grey – is slain, but
the damage caused to the Nautilar’s
empire is catastrophic, and the ratmen’s
lingering taint remains. The Nautilar go
on to join the Ionrach in allying with
the Stormcasts in several key conflicts.

THE UMBRAL SEA AMBUSH

Hoping to bring an end to hostilities
between the Idoneth Deepkin and
the Daughters of Khaine, High King
Volturnos accepts a meeting with their
leader, Morathi. He is eager to work out
a truce between the two aelf peoples,
but Volturnos
is deceived. He has been
lured into a meeting not with the High
Oracle of Khaine, but with the Masque
– a powerful daemon of Slaanesh. In
the ensuing battle Volturnos
loses an
eye, but escapes with his life.

GROWING CIVILISATIONS

In many places across the Mortal
Realms the forces of Chaos have been
beaten back. Sigmar’sStormhosts lead
the way in establishing settlements
where none have stood since the Age
of Myth.

Despite the obvious signs that
the
seeds of hope have been planted and
are sprouting,
the majority of Idoneth
Deepkin remain isolationists. Only
the Ionrach and their direct offshoots
make any real effort to form alliances.
Instead, the new cities raised by the
resurgent forces of Order prove too
tempting a target for the Fuethán, and
the enclave launches a series of raids to
claim the souls of their inhabitants. The
trade routes that stretch from Azyrheim
to the newly founded colonies become
rich hunting grounds.

THE DRAINING OF
THE KHAPHTAR SEA

When a skaven gnawhole drains the
Khaphtar Sea, the Idoneth Deepkin
who dwell there are exposed. Although
the enclave cunningly escapes
destruction with the aid of their kin
from the Laebrean Basin, they are
revealed to Nagash for the first time.
Upon learning of a new race that
steals the souls he regards as rightfully
his, Nagash marks a new target
for extermination.

THE STIRRING OF SLAANESH

The greatest of threats to aelven kind
begins to stir once more. Due to the
machinations of Morathi,
the self-
proclaimed High Oracle of Khaine,
the trap that has long held the Chaos
God Slaanesh has begun to shift.

23

Sensing their patron more than ever,
Slaaneshi armies grow more daring
in their searches, and dread fills the
hearts of the Idoneth. The Ionrach call
an emergency assembral, beseeching
their disparate kin to join forces with
the Stormcast Eternals and the growing
coalition of Order.
It is not so much the
fact that
the enclaves all share the same
enemy which sways more of them to
join, but
that
the undersea kingdoms
no longer offer the unassailable
sanctuary they once did.

THE NECROQUAKE

A vast spell of Nagash’s creation
reaches its climax, sending waves of
necromantic energy coursing over all
of the Mortal Realms. In Shyish, the
endless reservoirs of death magic are
pulled towards a common point, a
great Nadir that sinks through all of the
underworlds. The Ymmerloc Idoneth
of the arctic Helfrost in Shyish send
warnings to their kin, but enclaves
throughout
the realms have already
begun to feel the spell’s effects.

Even as the domains of the Idoneth
Deepkin are assailed by the undead,
pleas for aid begin to arrive from the
surface worlds as many of the nascent
cities of Order
find themselves sorely
pressed by the legions of the Great
Necromancer. Reluctantly, many
enclaves send some of their phalanxes
to aid the land dwellers. The Briomdar
and Motlynians go to Alarielle’said,
whilst the Mor’phann and Ymmerloc
join forces to aid the Stormhosts
in Shyish. The Ionrach send troops
everywhere, diverting significant
resources to help their deep-sea kin and
Order allies alike.


PAGEBREAK
ISHARANN

& AKHELIAN

The leaders of the Idoneth Deepkin are either Isharann, practitioners of magic, or Akhelian, the
warrior nobility. They are the inheritors of rich, vibrant souls, the fortunate few elevated above the
majority, who are born with withering souls and doomed to a life of servitude.

As the ancestors of the Idoneth
Deepkin gave birth to new generations,
three distinct castes developed within
their society. The great majority of
their kind are classed as Namarti,
those
aelves doomed to die prematurely
unless they can be revitalised through
stolen life-force. Yet one in a hundred
are born as hale as were the Cythai
themselves. These blessed individuals
are destined to join one of the two
noble classes of the Idoneth Deepkin.

The Isharann wield magic, using
their talents for a wide range of tasks,
including city-building, healing, soul-
harvesting and war. They draw such
energies from the fabric of the realms
themselves, the seas, and the darkness
in their own souls. All Isharann are
identified at birth by a Soulscryer, and
marked to attend the túrscoll, a temple
of learning. During their formative
years, they are taught scholarly pursuits
until
they are ready to decide upon
a particular sphere of the arcane to
specialise in. There are over a dozen
different areas of expertise within the
Isharann, and each school maintains
a fane dedicated to their chosen art.
Most Isharann feel a pull towards a
certain calling.

Some of the Isharann disciplines centre
around control of the environment,
most notably that of the Tidecasters,
who are masters of the sea and its

currents. Many branches specialise
in the magic of souls, unsurprisingly
perhaps due to the crucial role this
resource plays in Idoneth culture.
The Soulscryers navigate the dark via
spirit-light, the Soulrenders specialise
in removing the animus from others,
while the Soul Wardens practise the
art of preserving souls long separated
from their physical forms. Other
fanes
perform an eclectic mix of duties; the
Tru’heas are the Idoneth’s healers, the
Embailors tame wild beasts, and the
Chorralus are those who craft living
structures using a process of eldritchly
controlled growth.

The other ruling caste of the Idoneth
Deepkin are the Akhelians. These
aelves are the warrior elite, the lords,
princes and other nobles of martial
rank that command the Idoneth’s
armies. No matter who holds the power
within an enclave, the Akhelians are the
undisputed leaders on the battlefield.

At a young age, Akhelians are entered
into the asydrazor, a programme of
study that prepares them for military
leadership. Grand strategy and tactics
are studied, and they embark on a strict
physical regime that will inure them to
hardship. Blessed with long lifespans,
these warrior apprentices remain in
training for decades, and will only be
named full-fledged Akhelians after
passing the trials of mhair (endurance).

Novice Akhelians join the Idoneth’s
armies as crew, manning the weapons
of bond-beasts such as Leviadons or
Allopexes. Those who prove themselves
worthy in battle rise to become crew
leaders or Fangmora Eel riders. It is the
goal of every Akhelian to one day be
given command of their own phalanx,
an honour which is earned rather
than
inherited. Consequently, each phalanx
is led by its most experienced warrior,
who is named King or Queen. Should
a commander
fall, a military council
of enclave elders convenes to name
their successor.

With the exception of the Fuethán,
most enclaves seek a balance of power
between the members of their Isharann
and Akhelian castes. Even if one faction
outnumbers
the other,
they share
rule of the enclave. Throughout
the
histories of many of the major enclaves,
however, this status quo has not always
been maintained; for long periods of
time, either the Isharann or Akhelians
have dominated.

Despite the Idoneth’s constant research,
they still possess no understanding of
how bloodlines are passed on among
their people. Isharann, Akhelian and
Namarti all bear the same chances of
producing healthy or cursed offspring,
hence a tendency for merit
to be
the determining factor in matters of
promotion rather
than lineage.


PAGEBREAK
25


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH MILITARY STRUCTURE

The Idoneth Deepkin are split into enclaves, each of which can field many different armies, generally
known as phalanxes. Although there are notable exceptions, a phalanx is typically composed of three
elements – Namarti infantry, Akhelian cavalryand Isharann support.

It is only by might of arms that
the
Idoneth Deepkin are able to protect
their enclaves. At first, military
force was needed solely to carve out
kingdoms and guard against sea-beast
attacks, but
increasingly the phalanxes
are needed to ward off assaults from
outsiders as well. Yet the warriors of
the Idoneth are not
trained for defence
alone. Without a constant supply of
souls the aelves of the seas would
swiftly dwindle and die out. They must
conduct raids to acquire the spirit-stuff
needed to sustain growth.

It is for these reasons that
the military
is at the centre of all Idoneth Deepkin
life. Like their society in general, the
Idoneth’s forces are highly organised
and have a strict hierarchy.

An army of Idoneth Deepkin is known
as a phalanx, a word in their language
meaning a fighting formation but also
implying many parts working together
to make a more powerful whole. Each
phalanx has three distinct components
– the leadership triumvirate,
the Soul
Warden and the troops themselves.

The leadership triumvirate, also known
as the Royal Council, is composed of an
Akhelian King alongside a Tidecaster
and Soulscryer. They act as a command
group, and based on their enclave, their
individual skills or the mission, any one
of them might be appointed the overall
leader. However, upon the battlefield
even the most powerful Isharann
will defer to an Akhelian King. These
are the officers of the army, and may
split up to head separate contingents
or spread their leadership across
the formation.

Isharann
Soul Warden

Akhelian King, Isharann Tidecaster,
Isharann Soulscryer

AKHELIAN
BATTALION

Akhelian
Leviadon

Akhelian
Guard units

Akhelian
Allopex
units

AKHELIAN
BATTALION

Akhelian
Leviadon

Akhelian
Guard units

Akhelian
Allopex
units

AKHELIAN
BATTALION

Akhelian
Leviadon

Akhelian
Guard units

Akhelian
Allopex
units

NAMARTI
BATTALION

Isharann
Soulrender

Namarti
Thralls
units

Namarti
Reaver
units

NAMARTI
BATTALION

Isharann
Soulrender

Namarti
Thralls
units

Namarti
Reaver
units

NAMARTI
BATTALION

Isharann
Soulrender

Namarti
Thralls
units

Namarti
Reaver
units

26


PAGEBREAK
The Soul Warden stands alone
and apart from the phalanx, but
nevertheless renders an important
function in the force and to Idoneth
society. Soul Wardens are one of the
many classes of Isharann. They are part
of each phalanx, though they do not
travel to the battlefield, for they are not
warriors but rather planners with the
gift of spirit-sight and minds trained to
handle complex logistics.

It is the Soul Warden who liaises with
the custodian of the chorrileums,
the
Incubati – the keeper of those with
withering souls – and the Soulscryers.
It is their grim task to tally the souls
gathered by a raid, and with their spirit-
sight they can see how quickly the souls
of Namarti are fading. The discipline of
the Soul Wardens is one of calculation
and provision. Upon meeting others of
their kind, they emerge from their fane
to tell the leadership triumvirate when
new souls are required and how many
will be needed.

The largest portion of the phalanx is
composed of troops. These are divided
into battalions, of which there are two
distinct
types – Akhelian and Namarti.
At full strength, a typical phalanx
can draw upon three of each type of
battalion, with the most experienced
warriors forming the first battalion
and the newest, least proven warriors
forming the third. Of course, due
to near-constant
raiding and active
defence against sea monsters,
losses
and injuries typically leave most
phalanxes short a battalion or two.
Furthermore,
it is rare for phalanxes
to draw upon all of their number at
any given time, and they often leave

behind troops as garrison, taking to the
battlefield demi-phalanxes drawn from
roughly half-strength battalions known
as Akhelian or Namarti corps.

Each Akhelian battalion typically
consists of three formations of Akhelian
Guard and a Leviadon. All Akhelians,
regardless of gender, perform military
service, entering the asydrazor at an
early age to begin their training. This
is obligatory, though is not considered
a burden but rather an honour. Once
individuals born to the warrior class
complete their mhair trials and are
declared full Akhelians, some might be
drafted into existing units to replace
losses, while others are put
together
with those from their training group to
make new formations.

From this point onwards the
Akhelians’ fate is in their own hands,
for all promotions within the Idoneth
Deepkin military hierarchy are earned
based upon skill and proven leadership
ability. It takes a high degree of martial
talent, decades or more of battle
experience, a keen understanding of
tactics and no little amount of luck to
move up within the battalions, even
within individual units. Yet every
Akhelian King or Queen has completed
just such a journey.

27

Namarti battalions – sometimes
derisively known as auxiliary battalions
– contain far more warriors than their
Akhelian counterparts. Where an
Akhelian Guard unit might number
three to six Fangmora riders, a single
Namarti Thrall formation might
include thirty or more warriors.

Unlike the Akhelians, not all Namarti
serve in the military. Instead, only the
most athletic and skilled are chosen
– the rest become labourers who toil
under
the direction of various Isharann
fanes. Those Namarti who are selected
to join the phalanxes do so willingly,
for none understand better the need to
acquire more souls.

EXCEPTIONAL
FORMATIONS

In addition to standard phalanxes,
enclaves often field specialised
formations. For example,
Leviadons are sometimes grouped
together to form siege battalions.
The Dhom-hain field their Lasroch
Host, an entire Akhelian Guard
phalanx, as well as many unusual
captured creatures of Ghur. Other
unique units known to operate
within the Idoneth Deepkin’s
ranks are the heavily shelled Scaph
Brigade of the Nautilar, and the
pale, tentacled beasts used by the
Mor’phann. Once, the Fuethán
unleashed a flame-spewing spiny
gilotán against a Chaos army,
although none dare ask the fiery
aelves if it was a bond-beast or
simply a nearby wild creature that
was goaded towards the enemy.


PAGEBREAK
THE IDONETH

ENCLAVES

Throughout their history the Idoneth have fractionalised, with separatists claiming their own
territories and founding distinct nations known as enclaves. Each enclave is heavily influenced by the
temperament of its citizens and its environment, and maintains its own traditions and culture.

IONRACH
The wayfarersof the deep places, the travellers, the
best and brightest. The Ionrach consider themselves
first amongst their kind, and do not hesitate to aid other
Idoneth Deepkin. They have even been known to ally
with outsiders against a common enemy.

Of all the Cythai, the ancestors of the Ionrach came closest to matching Teclis’
vision when he shaped the aelf souls reclaimed from Slaanesh. Among the
Awakened, those who branched off to form the Ionrach were the most noble of
aspect. They were bright-eyed, honourable and fair to look upon, yet like all
their kind they shrank before Teclis’ light of reason, for even within the most
perfect of the remade aelves there was something deep in their psyches that
was so horrific that
they could not bear for it to be revealed.

Upon first fleeing from Teclis, all the Cythai gathered deep under
the Gealus
Ocean in Hysh. Before the divided peoples went their own ways, it was
the Ionrach who suggested that representatives from each enclave
periodically reconvene at gatherings which would come to be known
as the assembrals. Although still themselves isolationists, the Ionrach
reached out
to others of their kind, and even non-aelves, more than any
other of the Idoneth.

The Ionrach built their main city deep beneath the unsullied waters
of the Maithnar Sea in Ghyran, naming it Príom. From this glittering
capital they have grown to become the largest and most widespread of all
the enclaves, and they boast outposts and fortifications in each of the Mortal
Realms. Strong in magic, it was the Ionrach who first unlocked the secrets of the
soul, sending emissaries to the first assembrals to teach the other Idoneth how they
too might save themselves from dwindling and extinction by creating Namarti.

To the Soulscryers of the Isharann,
the spirits of the Ionrach blaze brightest,
and they live the longest lives of any of their race. Perhaps it is the Ionrach’s
consciousness of this that compels them to maintain a dignified bearing
before other members of their race. Alone of all the enclaves, the Ionrach
are led by a living Cythai, an ancient being who was brought
to life by the
magics of Teclis the Illuminator himself.

28


PAGEBREAK
DHOM-HAIN
Fierce and proud, the Dhom-hain are considered to be savage, even barbaric,by the other Idoneth
Deepkin enclaves. Independent and headstrong, the Dhom-hain have long since abandoned the
assembrals, relying instead upon their own skill and resourcefulness in the face of adversity.

The forebears of the Dhom-hain were among those of the Cythai who
parted ways with their kin in Hysh. They followed the whirlways to
settle in Ghur,
the Realm of Beasts, rejecting the righteous warnings
of the Ionrach’s ancestors. There, the seas were filled with the most
savage of creatures, and the further down they went the more horrific
the monsters became. It is from this journey that
the Dhom-hain took
their name, for it means ‘deep questors’.

During their emigration,
the Dhom-hain were attacked by
gyrfins, wolf gnarcuda packs and enormous krakigon.
Slithering Fangmora Eels darted out of caves, clamping
jaws around warriors and dragging them into their dens to
be devoured. Giant carcinclaws stalked the sea floor, their
spiked armour so thick the beasts were all but
invulnerable,
and their serrated pincers could easily cut an aelf in two.
Even though over half of their founding population was
slain during the journey,
the Dhom-hain persevered.
They were too proud to seek help and could not admit
that
their kin’s warnings about
the dangers of Ghur
were true. Instead, they turned inward, protecting each
other with great fervour.

Eventually the Dhom-hain discovered the Black
Trough, a miles-long trench at the deepest part of
the Ominod Sea. There, they established Rúndhar,
the Secret City, building it into the natural
chambers that honeycombed the canyon’s walls.
Their Isharann were among the first to learn how
to shape living coral, and they used this knowledge
to erect elegant towers and citadels to protect
their
newfound kingdom.

To this day the Dhom-hain remain fiercely loyal to their
own clans. They are renowned as especially savage fighters, a
necessity for survival in the Realm of Beasts, although other Idoneth
see them as having regressed to a more primitive state. They are masters
of the hit-and-run
attack, and their armies are built around their Akhelian bond-
beasts, especially the Fangmora Eels that still live in abundance along the steep
canyon walls.

29


PAGEBREAK
FUETHÁN
Aggressive, impetuous and bold, the Fuethán are quick to anger and ever ready to do battle. When
unleashed, their destructive wrath is second to none, and they have earned a reputation among their
watery kin for the devastating thoroughness of their assaults.

The most

impulsive of the Cythai followed the whirlways into the boiling seas
of the Realm of Fire, settling at last among the vitriolic reaches of the
Mordacious Sound. No doubt
the vibrancy of Aqshy called out
to
those brash spirits, who have only grown more hot-tempered after
their long exposure to the magic of that realm.

Many other enclaves blame the Fuethán for instigating the
longest civil war ever fought by the Idoneth, a period of strife
which lasted over two centuries. This is never claimed within
earshot of the Fuethán, however, for they have no patience for
those who make such petty accusations, and their rebukes
are as swift as they are violent.

The Fuethán are the most militant of the Idoneth
Deepkin, and they boast more Akhelians than Isharann
amongst
their numbers. Unlike the other enclaves, the
Fuethán raid constantly, and will continue to do so long
after their needs are met. Even when their chorrileum –
their reef of souls – is filled to capacity, these relentless
invaders do not cease their constant warring. Most
enclaves are satisfied to steal souls and leave behind
sleeping victims, and some, like the Ionrach, even avoid
harming younglings. However, the Fuethán withdraw
only when all their foes lie dead. Indeed, they even
revel in the slaughter.

When seeking beasts to enslave, the Embailors of
the Fuethán look for creatures whose aggressive
temperament matches that of their people. They are
the only Idoneth who dare to recruit such dangerous
breeds as the tiger-striped Mordacious Allopex and
diamond-backed Redfin Fangmora, creatures which,
upon scenting blood, are driven into a wanton killing
frenzy that does not distinguish between friend and
foe. It is this penchant
for violent excess that fuels the
distaste and open distrust of the Fuethán amongst
other enclaves of the Idoneth Deepkin.

30


PAGEBREAK
MOR’PHANN
All the Idoneth Deepkin inspire legends of dread with their raids, but none more so than the sinister
Mor’phann.They advance behind a chill sea mist, striking suddenly and without mercy, shrugging off
mortal blows to rise again and again until victory is secured.

There is no enclave of the Idoneth more insular than those whose progenitors left
their kin to settle in the Realm of Death. They are the Mor’phann, a word that can
be used to describe a death-like stare, or a despair so profound that
it can kill.

Considered gloomy and dour even by their own reclusive kind, the Mor’phann
made their refuge at the base of the Great Quagmire. That fog-shrouded sea
is noted for its oily waters, and a strange sheen seems to cover the
aelves of this enclave when they emerge to haunt
the bleached
shorelines of the Shyishan seas.

The Isharann of the Mor’phann are particularly adept at
soul magic, accomplished in both its reaping and healing
aspects. Their Soulrenders are known to raise Namarti
as quickly as they fall in battle. More menacing still,
the ethersea summoned by Mor’phann Tidecasters
can chill a foe to the bone, plunging them into a
nightmare where their reactions are slowed and
their feet seem to sink into suddenly quaggy
ground. All the while, the Mor’phann advance,
their pale skin blending in perfectly with the
mists, and a baleful glow emitting from their
eyes. Those few who get close enough to see the
Mor’phann Akhelians in action and survive tell
tales of horror. As they close upon their foe, the aelf
warriors’ eyes seem to roll back, showing only pallid white, a ghastly
image of cold-hearted and inhuman fury.

Since the destruction of their offshoot enclave, the Aighmar, by
the skaven, the continued seclusion of the Mor’phann has been
at risk, for Nagash himself sensed the souls released from
the Aighmar’s shattered chorrileum. Now that he
has become aware of the Idoneth’s existence with
the draining of the Khaphtar Sea, the Great
Necromancer has begun to act on his earlier
suspicions. Undead armies scour the Great
Quagmire, and it is only a matter of time before
he finds the black-shell fortresses of Mor’drechi.

31


PAGEBREAK
NAUTILAR
Masters of manipulating the form of shell and renowned for their tenacity, the Nautilar were once
the steadiest-growing of all Idoneth Deepkin enclaves. Although their monster-borne nation has
sustained heavy damage from prolonged skaven invasion in recent history, they are a people who
remain steadfast in the face of adversity and unified in purpose.

The Nautilar’s city, Galanaur, was established by their Ionrach ancestors upon
sweeping dunes formed from the broken shell and debris that drifts down like snow
from the upper levels of the Maithnar Sea in Ghyran. With an almost limitless
volume of material to work with, the aelves’Chorralus sang into shape mighty
structures,
turning the thick carpet of calcific detritus into what was to be the
grandest and most elegant of Idoneth cities, greater even than mighty Príom.
Little did the aelves realise that
the desert of shell they had settled lay not
upon the seabed, but upon the back of a Great Scaphodon.

Rare creatures, the Great Scaphodon can grow to truly vast proportions;
even their offspring are larger than many mountains of the realms. So
the Ionrach colony became a mobile one as the enormous sea monster
wound its way southwards, eventually leaving the Realm of Life for
the warmer waters of the Atleus Ocean in Ghur. The inhabitants of
the colony grew more and more independent, eventually ceding
from the Ionrach altogether to form their own enclave, calling
themselves the Nautilar.

The Nautilar moulded sections of the Great Scaphodon’s shell into
huge mansions and towers, which the aelves became accustomed
to guarding from the many perils that dwell within Ghur’s oceans.
The enclave’sTidecasters learned to craft bubble-like shields of
force to protect
their domain, and summoned unnatural currents to
drive back predators that drew too close, while the enclave’s
Akehelians and Namarti mastered the art of the fighting
withdrawal. Over time, the aelves formed a symbiotic
relationship with the Great Scaphodon, like the tiny
crustaceans that
live amongst
the stinging tendrils of sea
anemones. This harmony has become characteristic of the
Nautilar, and they work as well with each other as they do
with the beast upon which they have made their home.

The city of Galanaur has sustained much damage from a long and
hard-fought defence against skaven invasion. Although repairs have been
constantly under way, there is still much work left to be done to restore the city, for
the ratmen burrowed deep into its shell structures in many places. This ongoing
process of rebuilding has meant
that, for the first time in centuries, the city has
ceased expanding across the immense back of the Great Scaphodon.

32


PAGEBREAK
BRIOMDAR
The Briomdar are seaweed-drapedsoul-slavers from the congested underwater forests of the Green
Gulch in the Realm of Life. In them springs hope eternal, for their Isharann claim to have unlocked
several secrets that might someday allow the Idoneth to revitalise their entire race.

The Briomdar are another offshoot of the sprawling Ionrach empire, who forsook
the crowded city of Príom for the claustrophobic confines of the Green Gulch in
Ghyran. There, among the black boles of waving deep-sea forests, they established
the heart of their realm – the wood citadel of Crannstok.

The Briomdar are canny raiders, able to navigate dense terrain with ease. They
bypass walls and gates to raid hapless coastal towns, and have been known to
penetrate deep into the forests of Ghyran, attacking villages that
thought
themselves
safe from the terrors of the sea. What sets the Briomdar apart from others
of their kin, however, is the exemplary skill of their Isharann, and most
especially their Soulscryers. Working together,
the aelf mages have
unlocked many secrets of the soul, and how it can be healed. It is their
hope to one day ensure that all Idoneth are born with spirits as hale
as their bodies.

A SCATTERED PEOPLE

There are other enclaves of Idoneth Deepkin scattered
across the Mortal Realms. Some are small, breakaway
factions attempting to establish themselves, while others
rival the largest enclaves in size and power. Some are
but rumours even amongst
their own kind, and there
are those who remain wholly unknown to outsiders
due to the extreme seclusion of their strongholds and
obsessive secrecy. Amongst the lesser-known enclaves
are the bright and garish Motlynians of the Barricadius
Reef, the chill-hearted Ymmerloc of the Helfrost, and
the black-handed Morladron of Ulgu. The Ilmeth hail
from the bottom of the Lampleus Sea, a body of water
also known as the Wyrdglow for its luminescent waves.
The Illmeth have lived there so long they too now emit
an eerie radiance, which only adds to the horror of their
victims when the aelves surface to raid for souls. Most
enclaves, whether large or small, do little to stay in touch
with each other. Indeed, only the Ionrach consistently
strive to maintain contact with all other enclaves, and the
other factions greet the calls to join the assembrals with
anything from moroseness to open petulance.

33


PAGEBREAK
THE GREATEST WHIRLWAYS

The largest enclaves of the Idoneth Deepkin were all founded in proximity to major whirlways,stable
Realmgate routes that connect the deepest places. Although reclusive, the Idoneth use these paths to
make contact with each other when necessary, and to launch raids across the realms.

In Hysh, the Ionrach enclave control
the cave-like Uaimh
whirlway, while the Ilmeth enclave use the Gealgaeta at the
bottom of the Lampleus Sea. The Léirgaeta leads to shadow.

In Ghur,
the Dhom-hain enclave hold the Great
Ghyrpit and the Draktaer, while the Nautilar enclave
use the Clawgaeta.

The largest of the whirlways in Ghyran is the Glasway in the
Maithnar Sea. The Briomdar enclave use the Láthway and the
Caillegaeta, while the Motlynians hold Tolláni.


PAGEBREAK
Lava rivers at the bottom of the Mordacious Sound swirl into
the Fuestrom,
the main whirlway of the Fuethán. The Tinbéal
gate has been abandoned and is believed to be corrupted.

The main whirlway of Chamon is the Myrway, and it is
controlled by the Ionrach. The Oirthar enclave holds the
Oirgaeta at the bottom of the Dolmen Deeps.

The winged Umscáth is the main whirlway of the grim
Morladron enclave, who also use the Arthrúgaeta, although
that Realmgate is known to shift its location periodically.

The largest whirlway in Shyish is the Palegaeta, controlled
by the Mor’phann. Other notable gateways are the Rimeway,
used by the Ymmerloc enclave, and the ruins of Dreáth.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
FROM

Seas

THE SEAS

From the
they
come

THEY COME


PAGEBREAK
EIDOLONS

OF MATHLANN

Idolised echoes of a bygone era, the Eidolons of Mathlann are summoned to life in times of dire
need. These are no divine avatars,however, but collective manifestations of the ancestral souls of the
Idoneth Deepkin, spirits of vengeance wrapped in an image of a lost aelven god.

The ethersea ripples, and in a flash a
thousand points of silvery light appear.
Moving like a school of pelagic fish
forming a baitball, the shimmering
pinpoints shift, reposition, and at last
coalesce into a single aelf-like form.
There, floating above the ground hovers
the greatest weapon of the Idoneth
Deepkin – an Eidolon of Mathlann,
seemingly a gleaming incarnation of
the ancient aelven sea god.

Eidolons of Mathlann are spirit-
beings, apparitions summoned by the
Idoneth Deepkin. It was Mathlann
whom the predecessors of the Idoneth
worshipped, yet it is no spark of the
divine that creates the Eidolons, for
Mathlann is dead. The god of the deeps
was slain by Slaanesh even while trying
to protect
the souls that would one
day be reformed into the Idoneth. The
supernatural might of the Eidolons
is not power drawn from a deity, but
rather energies from the Idoneth’s past.

The Idoneth fear that when they die,
their souls might be reclaimed by
Slaanesh. Thus, when their physical
shells expire, their spirits are interred in
a living coral reef, or chorrileum. Each
enclave guards at least one of these
reefs, with the oldest factions housing
the souls of Awakened. In times of
need, the enclave’s leaders sanction
the disturbance of the dead, and so an
Eidolon is summoned.

38


PAGEBREAK
Eidolons are formed from the
combined energies of all those souls
that can be roused from an enclave’s
chorrileum. Each deceased aelf
sends forth but a portion of their
spirit, a tiny beacon of their own
willpower visible only to the Idoneth
or those with witch-sight. Bound
together by need, the spirits form a
gestalt of consciousness, a tangible
personification of ancestral memories.
It is an instinctive force, aiding the
Idoneth Deepkin or striking out against
their foes. There are two distinct
incarnations in which an Eidolon of
Mathlann might be summoned, each
drawing upon a very different facet of
the Idoneth Deepkin’s environment and
collective psyche.

THE SEA TAKETH

There is a time for rage and revenge,
a time when the darkest recesses of
the mind are plumbed and something
primal
is unleashed. When an Eidolon
of Mathlann is summoned in the aspect
of the storm,
it appears swelling like
a tidal wave before crashing into the
foe. Here is the power of the sea as
destroyer, a manifestation of anger that
has been pent up so long its release
is unstoppable.

In this form, the Eidolon’s mere
presence is enough to drench nearby
Idoneth with a fierce urge to bring ruin
to their enemies. Its spear – a mighty
fuathtar – crackles with power, for it is
a phantom weapon, composed wholly
of energy, its blade honed by thousands
of years of suppressed fury. In its other
hand,
the Eidolon wields a barbed
crulhook, with which it snares foes
before dragging them into the deeps.

Up rises the living tempest, before
swooping down, crashing and
reforming to dive once more. As the
waves bite away the shore, as the surf
gradually pulverises the hardest rock,
so does the Eidolon smite the enemy,
relentlessly pounding them to oblivion
and carrying away their broken bodies
on irresistible rip currents. Active,
violent, in this aspect an Eidolon is
without remorse, instinctive and blind
in its killing fury.

THE SEA BRINGETH

While the ebb tide takes away, none
know what bounties the rising tide
might bear. In the aspect of the sea,
an Eidolon of Mathlann is more
controlled than the rage-blinded aspect
of the storm, more Isharann in nature
than Akhelian. Yet this becalmed
demeanour
in no way suggests it
possesses a lesser degree of power, in
the same manner
that a placid ocean
surface belies the dormant energies that
lie beneath. To gaze upon this aspect of
the Eidolon is akin to standing on the
edge of the abyss.

With a sweep of its deep-sea sceptre,
an Eidolon in this form can summon
cloying sea mists, concealing friends
and confounding foes, and release
golden energies into the currents of
the ethersea to rejuvenate the Idoneth’s
wounded. However, the Eidolon can
turn its power to far deadlier purpose.
Keening notes combined with gentle
ripples of calm lull even the most
bloodthirsty warriors, bewitching them
into a mystic slumber from which they
never wake. Waves of despair evoking
the soul-crushing vastness of the open
ocean leave the weak-willed helpless

39

and fill the brave with paralysing doubt,
while sudden whirls of terror amid
the ethereal surf send mighty warriors
fleeing for their lives.

Whichever aspect it assumes, when
an Eidolon of Mathlann’s service is
done, its constituent spirits return to
the chorrileum whence they came.
However, if the Eidolon’s physical form
is destroyed, the sacred energies of the
Idoneth’s dead are dispersed, and if the
Soulrenders cannot collect them,
they
are lost forever.

GODLESS

The Cythai were taught of the
aelven gods of old, and made some
attempts to resurrect
them, most
especiallyMathlann. Alas, they
could not bring back that which
had been destroyed. In many ways,
this confirmed what the Idoneth
already knew – they could trust
in
no one but themselves. Isolationists
from the start, the Idoneth had
already fled their maker, rejecting
the aid of the mage-god Teclis. Yet
the deep places continued to call
to something within their souls.
From their secluded kingdoms,
the Idoneth grew to idolise their
past, envisioning a halcyon era
before their souls were tormented,
a time when Mathlann was their
protector. The power drawn from
a chorrileum could most likely
manifest any shape it pleased, but
it is no surprise that a gestalt of
ancient Idoneth chose that of their
most worshipped figure – their
fallen deity, Mathlann.


PAGEBREAK
AKHELIAN KINGS

Whether directing a raid for souls upon a coastline or heading the defence of an undersea stronghold,
the Akhelian Kings are the mightiest warriors of the Idoneth. They are the military leaders whose
commands and personal heroics will determine the difference between victory or defeat.

Spurring his Deepmare mount,
the
Akhelian King rises high, rearing up
to gather momentum and signal his
warhost. For a heartbeat he hangs
there, poised above his forces before
it all begins. Then, with a gesture,
the Akhelian King swoops, leading
the charge that crashes down upon

those who would oppose the Idoneth
Deepkin. Between the King’s flurry of
well-aimed blows and the Deepmare’s
horn, slashing claws and fanged bite,
foes before them are torn asunder.

To be given command of a phalanx a
warrior must first prove himself.

He must be swift and strong, able to
best any of his comrades in single
combat. Yet martial skill is not enough
to make an aelf lord, for a King is first
and foremost a leader. To repel an
attacking sea monster,
thwart a tide of
ravenous voracudas or defeat an army
upon a field of battle, an Akhelian
King’smind must be as deft as his
swordplay. He must make tactical
decisions without hesitation, and
possess the ability to inspire his troops,
pressing any advantage or rallying his
warriors should their courage falter.

While each enclave relies upon the
strength of its Akhelian Kings, their
judgement
is equally vital, for every
life lost in a raid is offset against any
that are saved by the capturing of souls.
Furthermore, Akhelian Kings must be
skilled statesmen, for they sit alongside
powerful Isharann as members of their
enclave’s ruling council.

It is traditional
for a King to ride to
war upon a Deepmare, a beast so
rare it is reserved for only the most
accomplished Akhelians. A King
bears a shield and fights with either
a rhomphaia , an elegant polearm, or
an astra trom , a greatsword. Some of
their kind forsake a shield, the better
to wield a weapon in each hand, using
a falchion in addition to their main
armament
for a more aggressive attack
style made famous by the Fuethán.

40


PAGEBREAK
HIGH KING VOLTURNOS

He was the first of his kind, and is the last of the Cythai still alive. All Ionrach bow before him, their
one acknowledged leader, the eldest and greatest of their race. He is Volturnos, High King of the Deep,
and he holds undisputed authority at the Idoneth’s assembrals.

The greatest warrior of the Idoneth still
leads his people, a position he earned
during the Age of Myth. Volturnos
once stood before the blinding light
of Teclis himself, receiving firsthand
the eolas, the great gift of learning and
magic that
the god bestowed upon the
newly created aelves.

Unlike many, Volturnos
survived
Teclis’ light of truth and fled Hysh
with his comrades. At the founding of
the Ionrach capital, Príom, Volturnos
was already building a reputation as a
warrior and leader. He eventually won
his Kingship through his actions at the
Battle of the Flotsam Isles, where he
was instrumental
in the destruction of
several greenskin fleets.

During those times, while the Idoneth
continued to expand their territories,
the Awakened died one by one.
Although long-lived, they gradually
perished in battle or fell victim to sea
monsters. Some few succumbed to
old age, their souls carefully stored
within the chorrileums. Yet Volturnos
lived on, growing wiser and more
cunning, whilst his taciturn manner
and calculating mind made him an
ideal commander.

According to the legends, Volturnos
was the very first of the souls rescued
and remade by Teclis. He was to be the
archetype of a new race – noble, erudite
and fair to look upon. Not all Idoneth
enclaves believe such tales, and some

of the more recalcitrant factions, most
notably the Dhom-hain and Fuethán,
are openly dubious about
them. They
respect Volturnos as an Akhelian
King of renown, but nothing more.
The Ionrach and their many branches,
however, revere their High King,
holding a day of remembrance for the
Ambush at the Umbral Sea, recalling
the duel in which he lost his eye. The
Nautilar tell the tale of how Volturnos
arrived at the head of an Ionrach-
led coalition to break the Siege of
Grystleback, the greatest threat
to ever
beset their great city. To the Briomdar
he is the Avenger, for he has in the
past aided them by punishing those
who have inflicted heavy losses upon
the enclave.

THE KING OF KINGS

When he takes to the field, High King Volturnos
is a majestic presence among the
battleline of the Idoneth Deepkin. He rides to battle atop Uasall, a prince amongst
Deepmares, and the mere sight of Volturnos’ back banner – the crest of the High
Kings – sends a surge of pride coursing through all those who fight beneath him.
A leader of legendary status, it is said that none can read the flow of battle better
than Volturnos. Yet the High King is not content
to command troops from afar. In
combat he bears the Astra Solus, whose name means ‘blade of light’. It is a sword
that was gifted to him by none other than Teclis, but
there is speculation as to
whether the mage-god forged the blade himself or came to possess it through some
other means. When swung, the Astra Solus cuts through armour and the scaled
hides of sea monsters with ease, and leaves a blazing trail of luminescence in its
passing. For protection, Teclis gifted Volturnos with Cealith, a shield that has the
ability to swallow hostile magics, rendering them null.

41


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
ISHARANN

AGENTS

The Isharann are born with a talent for harnessing arcane forces, and are intertwined with almost
every aspect of Idoneth Deepkin society. Some Isharann, with their particular spheres of power, are
vital to soul-raiding and their people’s war efforts, and are frequently found within the phalanxes.

TIDECASTERS

It is the Tidecasters who conjure the
phantasmal sea that allows aelf and
aquatic beast to move and breathe
within the same space as if they were
in their own natural environment.
The powers of these Isharann are not
solely concerned with manipulation of
the elements, however. They are able
to conjure spells from the repressed
anguish of the Idoneth,
the curse that
echoes still from their ancestors’ torture
within Slaanesh. Such magics take the
form of crushing waves of despair,
black pits of hopelessness or raging
maelstroms of horror
that shatter the
minds of the foe, leaving them wide
open to attacks from the Namarti
and Akhelians. So potent are these
enchantments
that some victims believe
themselves to be trapped underwater,
causing them to drown in their own
fear and sorrow.

SOULRENDERS

The Soulrenders are unusual amongst
the Isharann,
for they are trained
in combat alongside the Akhelians,
and well accustomed to acting at
the forefront of battle. Upon each
Soulrender’s helm dangles a lurelight,
its strange glow attracting and
absorbing souls, both those of fallen
allies and enemies. It is the Soulrenders
who collect the bounty of an Idoneth
raid, harvesting the spirits of their
victims. At need, a Soulrender can

use these souls to reinvigorate fallen
Namarti, healing their wounds so that
even those recently struck dead might
rise again. Once back in their undersea
strongholds the souls are transferred,
with those of Idoneth enshrined into
the chorrileums, and others made ready
to be seeded within newborn Namarti.

Armed with a hooked polearm known
as a talúnhook, Soulrenders fight
amongst
the Namarti, replenishing
their subordinates’ ranks even as they
reap spirit-stuff. A rope-catch attached
to the talúnhook is ideal for snaring
foes that attempt
to flee, making it
easier for the wielder to capture their
essence. To aid their hunting, each
Soulrender employs a Rakerdart, a
bond-beast
that glides at its master’s
feet, ready to stab prey with its sharp
bill to ensure none can escape.

SOULSCRYERS

With their cyfar compasses and
dowserchimes, the Soulscryers can
map the dark corners of a being’s soul
as well as those of the Mortal Realms,
marking them out as both priests
and navigators among the Idoneth.
Whether
their quest leads towards
spirit-plunder or along new paths of the
whirlways, the Soulscryers divine the
way. In addition,
the Soulscryers can
single out a battlefield’s richest quarry,
illuminating them as a prime target for
all Idoneth Deepkin.

43

In combat, Soulscryers defend
themselves with slashes of finger-claws
made from razor-sharp Allopex teeth.
They are also accompanied by Scryfish
shoals, etherfish that help point
the
way and vigorously attack foes with the
spikes that
jut out from their jaws.

LOTANN, WARDEN
OF THE SOUL LEDGERS

Gifted with the spirit-sight and keen
analytical minds,
the Soul Wardens
keep a tally of the souls interred within
the chorrileums,
tending to them and
calculating how many are needed for
certain tasks. Ordinarily they do not
accompany the phalanxes to war, but
there is one exception – Lotann of
the Ionrach. Holding the title Warden
of the Soul Ledgers, Lotann marches
alongside the armies of every enclave,
scribing down all in his catalogue of
souls, listing every spirit captured in a
raid, as well as those lost or overlooked.
Such is Lotann’s obsessive commitment
to his duty, his willpower stains the
ethersea, a presence that
inspires the
Idoneth, particularly the Namarti,
to
fight with heightened zeal. Though by
no means a renowned warrior,
in self
defence Lotann has been known to stab
foes with his bone quill. A much greater
threat
to foes is his multi-limbed,
highly intelligent Ochtar familiar,
who aids him in his counting whilst
keeping enemies at a safe distance with
a serrated blade and spiked cudgel.


PAGEBREAK
AKHELIAN CAVALRY

The Akhelians are the warrior elite of the enclaves. Trained from an early age in the military arts, no
other Idoneth Deepkin can equal them in discipline, strength or martial prowess. As the Idoneth say,
the Namarti are called upon to hold a line, while the Akhelians are called upon to break the enemy’s.

The foundations of the Akhelian caste
can be traced back to the time of
the eolas, when Teclis told his newly
created race of aelves of the world-that-
was. In his tales, the aelven cavalry of
antiquity rode to war atop beasts such
as dragons and war horses. Although
the Cythai eventually fled from Teclis,
the image of noble aelf knights from
a bygone era stayed with them, and
they strove to emulate that
ideal. Thus
the greatest warriors of their number
sought suitable deepwater steeds to
carry them into battle.

AKHELIAN GUARD

No troops exemplify the Idoneth
Deepkin way of war better than
the Akhelian Guard. Mounted atop

Fangmora Eels, these warriors fight in a
loose formation ideal for rapid assaults
and sudden retreats, typifying the hit-
and-run style of war common amongst
the aelves of the deeps.

whip-crack blows with their tails. Most
impressive of all, however, is their
ability to generate an electric charge
that can stun even large prey, leaving
them ripe to be devoured.

The Fangmora is a fearsome predator,
its jutting tooth-lined jaws capable
of delivering a bite that can easily cut
a man in two or sever the arm of a
gargant. The enormous eels use their
speed and serpentine bodies to hunt
amongst rocky seabeds or within
underwater caves. They are voracious
carnivores, and some breeds hunt
in
packs, while other types are known
ambush hunters, darting out
to snatch
unsuspecting prey. In addition to their
bite, Fangmoras can deliver wicked

Early in the Idoneth’s history, many
Akhelians were lost attempting to
capture and domesticate Fangmoras,
but
they proved impossible to break.
Finally, they resorted to calling upon
the Embailors of the Isharann, who
enslaved the Fangmoras’ minds,
making them one of the first of the
bond-beasts to serve the Idoneth.

There are two distinct
types of Akhelian
Guard, each armed and equipped for a
different battlefield role.


PAGEBREAK
MORRSARR GUARD

ISHLAEN GUARD

Morrsarr Guard are armed with
voltspears and galv-shields. These
Akhelians channel
the powerful
electrical energies of their Fangmora
mounts into the tips of their spears,
gathering a charge that can be released,
at need, as a lethal short-ranged bolt.

In addition to the crackling forces they
wield, Morrsarr Guard are particularly
dangerous on the charge. Their lowered
voltspears can easily punch through
heavy armour when striking with the
momentum provided by the speeding
Fangmoras. A common tactic of
Akhelian Kings is to pin a foe in place
with Namarti Thralls before ordering
Morrsarr Guard to charge the enemy
from the flank, rear or even overhead
to deliver the killing blow. Some of the
Idoneth’s war stories tell of formations
of Morrsarr Guard so large that
the
brightness of their combined biovoltaic
blasts left the entire enemy army
blinded and reeling.

Ishlaen Guard forgo the voltspear
in favour of a curved sword known
as a helsabre. These elegant serrated
blades are light enough to allow the
wielder to deliver a flurry of strikes
before disengaging from combat, and
like the voltspears of their Morrsarr
counterparts,
they can harness the
bioelectricity of the Fangmoras. Rather
than use this force offensively,however,
the Ishlaen channel
it into their galv-
shields, where it manifests as an arcing
energy field that helps turn aside enemy
blows. Thus the Ishlaen are better
able to shrug off missile fire, and have
greater staying power in prolonged
combat
than their spear-armed kin.

Akhelian Guard, both Morrsarr and
Ishlaen, are typically led in battle by
a Lochian Prince. These individuals
are veteran soul-raiders who have
demonstrated an ability to lead, and
are clear candidates for Kingship in the
eyes of the military council.

GLORIOUS

ELITE

Amongst the Idoneth enclaves
there are some formations of
Akhelian Guard that have earned
legendary status. The Redblades
of the Fuethán have become
notorious for depopulating swathes
of Aqshy’s coastlines with their
wanton slaughters. They are also
among the few that dare to ride
the diamond-backed Redfin
Fangmora, a breed so ferocious
that
their feeding frenzies are
considered more dangerous than
even those of Allopexes. It is said
the Slitherguard of the Briomdar
can appear out of thin air, while the
Mor’phann Chillhearts ride Ghost
Fangmoras that blend in with
the mists. None are more famed,
however, than the Lasroch host of
Dhom-hain, whose swiftness and
skill at the hit-and-run
attack are
second to none.


PAGEBREAK
AKHELIAN LEVIADONS

Shrugging off enemy missiles, the
Akhelian Leviadon plunges into the
fray. Scythed fins dismember foes while
the beast’s powerful jaws clamp down
with enough force to crush tempered
steel. Affixed to the Leviadon’s back are
a pair of harpoon launchers, mounted
bolt-throwers that spit death as quickly
as their crew can aim and fire. Should
the aelves come under assault, they
strike out with hooks and blades, while
the ma’harr, the master of the reins and
a high-ranking Akhelian, impales foes
on his twin-pronged spear.

Protected by its thick scales and
nigh-impenetrable shell, the Leviadon
acts as an indomitable anchor point
in an Idoneth phalanx. Whether
used as a living battering ram to
smash the enemy line asunder or as
a mobile weapons platform tasked
with eliminating specific threats,
these
enormous bond-beasts have proven
themselves in battle time and again.

Upon the back of each Leviadon, a
masked Namarti pounds an enchanted
drum of the deep, sending forth
concentric ripples of distortion that

refract light in strange ways around
the creature. Enemy missile troops and
artillery find such patterns disruptive,
making it nearly impossible to draw a
bead upon the approaching Leviadon
with any degree of accuracy despite its
looming mass.

Doubly shielded by sorcerous illusion
and their own natural defences,
Leviadons are utilised by many
Akhelian Kings at the vanguard of an
Idoneth assault, where the enemy’s first
and fiercest efforts to repel the attack
are wasted upon the beasts.

46


PAGEBREAK
AKHELIAN ALLOPEXES

At first they appear as spectral blurs in
the ethersea, distant streamlined shapes
that seem to materialise from nowhere.
With powerful thrusts of their sickle-
finned tails, the forms grow all too
quickly as they launch their attack.

Sleek,muscular and built for dealing
death, Allopexes are legendary
predators of the deep oceans. Attracted
to blood, they feed upon anything they
can fit into their large jaws. The mouth
of an Allopex is lined with serrated
triangular
teeth, each one a razor-edged
saw perfectly developed for cutting
through flesh, bone, even metal. A
hungry Allopex can bite man-sized
holes in large prey, eventually bringing
down even hulking krakigon or
scalithaur. And they are always hungry.

Initially, the Idoneth Deepkin were
unable to tame the Allopex, for its
urge to kill was irrepressible. Only
through the Embailors’ magic were the
Idoneth able to enthrall
the creatures
to handlers, and only the Akhelians

were skilled enough to steer them. The
combination of rider and beast quickly
proved effective in battle. With blades
attached to its pectoral fins, the Allopex
was made more lethal still. It became
common practice to drive shoals of
the beasts directly into groups of foes,
where their deadly bites and thrashing
blades could wreak the most carnage.

To add long-range hitting power each
Allopex bears a harpoon launcher,
effectivelyturning the creature into a
living engine of war. Sometimes called
the ‘whispering death’ after the sound
it makes, the harpoon launcher can be
loaded with two kinds of ammunition,
each designed to slay different types
of deep-sea foe. Razorshell bolts
can be loaded and fired in quick
succession, making them effective
against numerous foes. Retarius nets,
meanwhile, are woven from siren hair,
filaments so strong and fine that
those
entangled by them are torn apart by
their own struggles to free themselves;
though slower to load, they can cause
horrendous damage to single targets.

47


PAGEBREAK
NAMARTI

INFANTRY

The Namarti are the lowest and most populous caste in Idoneth Deepkin society. Theirs is a life of toil
and warfare, for they form the bulk of the Idoneth’s armies as well as serving as the labourers that
build the ever-growing undersea empires of the enclaves.

Those Idoneth Deepkin born with
withering souls are labelled by the
Soulscryers as Namarti. In as much as
the word can be understood by other
races, Namarti means both blessed and
damned. Only if they receive a new
soul will they survive beyond infancy,
but even if they do the Namarti are still
doomed, cursed to live a shortened life

in which they are treated as second-
class citizens. If they do not fall in
battle or lose their life to a deep-sea
creature attack, a typical Namarti
aelf lives no more than three to four
decades, a paltry length of time by
aelf standards, and less than a quarter
of the normal
lifespan enjoyed by the
Akhelians and Isharann.

48

Even for those that cannot see the
light of a creature’s soul, the Namarti
are marked. Each wears an iron collar
and bears a half-soul rune upon their
forehead, features necessitated by
the eldritch process in which stolen
souls are transferred into them. Many
Namarti bear markings or scarification
from rituals performed during iron
collar fittings, clear demarcations of
their indentured status. Yet by far the
most chilling aspect of the Namarti
is their lack of eyes, and the flesh that
covers their eye sockets. In the deep
places, however, sight is seldom useful,
and other senses are developed.

Aside from these key differences, the
Namarti are aelves like their kin in the
higher castes. As youths their time is
fully occupied learning to see without
eyes, and so they are not offered high
levels of martial
training or allowed
access to the temples of learning as are
the nobility. When they are able, more
Namarti
learn trades or are put
to work
as labourers. Only the most physically
able Namarti are given military
instruction under Akhelian guidance,
and these are divided into two main
troops types within the phalanxes.

NAMARTI

THRALLS

Like all aelves, Namarti Thralls possess
a physical grace that
to other races
appears almost supernatural. The
Thralls march to war for the Idoneth


PAGEBREAK
as the main body of infantry, and it is
their task to screen their comrades,
then to engage and hold the foe in
place. This allows the swifter-moving
Akhelians a chance to strike where
they deem best. It is a grim prospect,
for casualties are often high amongst
the Namarti Thralls, but
it is a duty
they willingly accept. Although they
often resent their lower-caste status, the
Namarti realise that every successful
raid secures more souls for their
enclave. This resource is first used
to ensure the survival of newborn
Namarti, but
the excess is used to
replenish the diminishing souls of the
adults. Such motivation is more than
enough to ensure that
the Namarti
Thralls are caught up in the tides
of war, ever eager to capture more
spirit-stuff.

In battle the Namarti Thralls fight with
an array of weapons known as lanmari
– two-handed swords, great scythe-axes
or polearms of intricate design. The
weight and reach of such weapons are
useful when driving off the enormous
sea creatures that bedevil the Idoneth
enclaves, while their broad blades are
suited to scything through the teeming
swarms of predatory fish that seek to
prey upon the aelves.

NAMARTI

REAVERS

If the Namarti Thralls provide the
front-line infantry of the Idoneth
Deepkin phalanxes, the Namarti
Reavers supply the archers and scouts.
The Akhelians recognise the tactical
need for reconnaissance, picket forces
and massed missile fire, but regard
such duties as beneath their esteem.
Thus, the Reavers are assembled from

the lithest and quickest of the Namarti.
Their weapons training concentrates
upon how to swiftly aim and fire the
silent whisperbow, as well as how to
defend themselves with short keening
blades designed for stabbing.

In battle the Namarti Reavers
move quickly, like the bow wave
that advances before the coming
storm. They probe defences, seek
out vulnerable quarry and harry the
enemy’s most formidable war assets.
With their deadly volleys of arrows
the Namarti Reavers distract
the
enemy, pulling their attention away
even while the Akhelians line up
devastating charges.

Despite their lack of eyesight, Namarti
Reavers are uncannily accurate with
their bow fire. They aim by sensing
changes in pressure within the ethersea,
and can trace electromagnetic pulses
in the same manner as many of the
predators that stalk the pitch-black
waters of great depths. So keen are
these senses that
the Reavers are able
to easily make shots that
those who see
by conventional means would deem
difficult if not
impossible. There is a
drawback, however, for although the
Reavers’senses are highly attuned,
their
field of perception is not as far-reaching
as eyesight, and so they must remain
within a certain distance of their target
lest they lose track of it.

49


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
SPLENDOURS

Splendours
Deeps

DEEPS

of

the

OF
THE

51


PAGEBREAK
High King Volturnos commands the Ionrach to wash away the corruption spread by a force of Nurgle Rotbringers.

52


PAGEBREAK
53


PAGEBREAK
Determined to avoid the fate of their ancestors, the Idoneth attack the daemons of Slaanesh with unrestrained fury.

Screened by Namarti Reavers,an Akhelian King of the Ionrach enclave leads his phalanx on a soul-hunting raid.

54


PAGEBREAK
Lowering their voltspears, Akhelian MorrsarrGuard streak into battle atop slithering Fangmora Eels.

55


PAGEBREAK
A mighty Leviadon anchors the Ionrach’s battle line whilst Akhelian Guard and Allopexes move in for the kill.

56


PAGEBREAK
Swift and deadly, a formation of Akhelian Ishlaen Guard darts forwards to strike the foe.

Since the Age of Myth, massed Akhelian cavalryhave smashed countless enemy battle lines asunder.

57


PAGEBREAK
Ready to reap, an Isharann Soulrender takes his place in the midst of the Namarti Thrallbattle line.

58


PAGEBREAK
The Idoneth Deepkin bring swift destruction to an Arcanite Cult that has infiltrated a remote coastal settlement.

Inspired by the presence of Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers,a crushing wave of Idoneth seeks to overwhelm the foe.

59


PAGEBREAK
Guided by the spirit-sight of a Soulscryer, the Idoneth Deepkin set out to capture the life-essence of their foes.


PAGEBREAK
An Isharann Tidecaster manipulates the currents of the ethersea to speed a group of Namarti Thralls towards the enemy.

Namarti launch a devastating ambush on the mortal followers of Khorne in the shadow of a Gloomtide Shipwreck.


PAGEBREAK
An Eidolon of Mathlann in its aspect of the storm prepares to crash down into the orruks with the force of a tidal wave.


PAGEBREAK
High King Volturnos leads a phalanx to eradicate a force of mordants that has trespassed on Idoneth raiding grounds.

Akhelian MorrsarrGuard,
Nautilar Enclave

Lochian Prince,
Fuethán Enclave

63


PAGEBREAK
Deep-sea Sceptre

Psi-trident

Eidolon of Mathlann, Aspect of the Sea

64


PAGEBREAK
Volturnos, High King of the Deep

Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers

Akhelian King, Ionrach Enclave

Isharann Soulrender,
Ionrach Enclave

Isharann Soulscryer,
Ionrach Enclave

Isharann Tidecaster,
Ionrach Enclave

65


PAGEBREAK
MorrsarrGuardMusician,
Ionrach Enclave

Lochian Prince,
Ionrach Enclave

Namarti Reavers,Briomdar Enclave

Namarti Thralls,Mor’phannEnclave

Namarti Reavers,Ionrach Enclave

Namarti Thralls, Ionrach Enclave

66


PAGEBREAK
Ma’harr

Void Drummer

Akhelian Crew

Akhelian Leviadon, Ionrach Enclave

67


PAGEBREAK
Akhelian Allopex, Ionrach Enclave

Akhelian Ishlaen Guard, Mor’phannEnclave

68


PAGEBREAK
Fuathtar, Spear of
Repressed Fury

Crulhook

Eidolon of Mathlann, Aspect of the Storm

69


PAGEBREAK
13

11

12

8

6

10

9

7

HIGH TIDE OF DESTRUCTION

War is a way of life for the phalanxes; they always answers battle’s call. Whether sallying out to defend
their cities from marauding sea beasts or attacking surface dwellers to secure soul-plunder, their
martial skill, powerful magic and swift style of attack has secured victory after victory for the Idoneth.

This Ionrach phalanx, led by none
other than High King Volturnos,
is a
typical example of an Idoneth raiding
force. Like the onset of a rolling wave,
its Namarti
infantry advance to hold
the foe in place while well-timed

cavalry charges from the Akhelian
Guard and Allopexes crash down upon
the enemy’s flanks. Just as the foe is
reeling, the heaviest hitter in the force
– the massive Akhelian Leviadon –
slams into them, breaking them utterly.

Against especially well-armoured
or formidable of foes, the phalanx
instead employs a series of feints while
unleashing deadly volleys of fire from
the circling Allopexes and Namarti
Reavers. The Isharann Tidecaster uses

70


PAGEBREAK
6

6

5

1

3

2

4

her magics to manipulate the ethersea,
slowing the foe and making them gasp
for breath. Using his ability to navigate
these supernatural waters, a Soulscryer
leads a portion of the force to attack
from unexpected quarters, directing
Namarti Reavers to harry the foe’s
unguarded rear or flank. Unlike the
other Isharann,
the Soulrender wades
into the thick of combat, dispatching
foes with his talúnhook while using
their stolen spirit energies to revive
Namarti
infantry. In the midst of the

Idoneth Deepkin battle line glides
an Eidolon of Mathlann,
the potent
magics emanating from its form
manifesting as a thick sea mist. In the
Eidolon’s presence the Idoneth fight
with renewed vigour, while foes shrink
back in fear as it hurls blasts of abyssal
energy from its glowing trident. Like
the tide, the Idoneth Deepkin surge
forth before receding, picking off the
last survivors of broken formations
before disappearing back into the
deep places.

71

2.
3.

1. High King Volturnos
Isharann Tidecaster
Isharann Soulscryer
4. Akhelian Leviadon
5. Akhelian Ishlaen Guard
6. Akhelian Allopexes
Isharann Soulrender
8. Namarti Thralls
9. Namarti Reavers
10. Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers
11. Namarti Thralls
12. Namarti Reavers
13. Eidolon of Mathlann

7.


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING
YOUR
IDONETH DEEPKIN

Whether you have never painted a Citadel Miniature in your life or are a master of the brush with
decades of experience, the prospect of painting an Idoneth Deepkin army offers an exciting challenge.
Following are some tips and examples to get you started with painting the aelves of the deeps.

There is nothing like the sight of a fully
painted army of Citadel Miniatures.
There is real satisfaction to be had
in adding colour to your collection,
teasing out
the finely sculpted details,
making your miniatures your own, and
creating a unified force. After all, one
painted model looks great, but an entire
army brought
together through shared
colours, iconography and heraldry is

something even more fantastic. For
those of us that are completionists,
there is also immense gratification in
watching your collection grow as you
add each new painted figure to the
ranks of the finished models.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in

treating each miniature as a work of
art, lavishing attention on every inch of
every model and painstakingly crafting
scenic bases. Others prefer a far simpler
approach with basic paint
jobs that
allow them to quickly assemble legions
of finished warriors. And, of course,
there is plenty of middle ground for
those that enjoy painting their troops
but devote even more attention to key
figures such as heroes, war machines
and monsters. Again, there is no one
way to paint,
just the way that works
best for you. In the end, the goal is to
field a fully painted Idoneth Deepkin
phalanx on the tabletop.

Surrounded by the ethersea and their
ranks filled with sea monsters,
the
Idoneth Deepkin army has its own
unique look. Your first decision is
to choose a paint scheme. Many of
the undersea nations are shown on
the following pages and in the art
throughout
this book, and it is also
possible to create your own. Which
enclave you choose can influence the
character of your army as well as its
abilities (see page 85). For example, if
you choose the Ionrach enclave your
army will be strong in magic and easily
able to make allies, while the Fuethán
enclave are especiallymerciless and use
the fiercest sea monsters.

72


PAGEBREAK
Painting Citadel Miniatures is vastly
rewarding. The more you put
in, the
more you get out. Before painting
your models, however, you’ll first
need to assemble them. To begin with,
you’llwant to follow the advice given
in the construction booklet, but as
your confidence grows you may find
yourself customising your miniatures
by combining different weapons and
modifying their poses.

The Citadel Paint System takes the
guesswork out of painting, and uses
several different formulations of paint
to best match different techniques. The
paints are used in a set sequence, and
each enhances the underlying colour to
produce a final scheme that belies the
straightforward techniques.

The first paint you’ll apply is called the
undercoat. Supplied in spray cans, it’s
formulated to provide a smooth, even
surface for the colours that follow.
Often an undercoat will be available
in the model’s predominant
colour –
if not,
the general rule is that bright
schemes look their best over white
undercoat, while darker ones look
better over black. Once it has dried, you
can break out your brushes and start
bringing your miniature to life.

The following stage-by-stage guides
present
the colours and techniques we
used to paint
the enclaves but
there
are no ‘rules’as to the colours you use
for your own miniatures – the Mortal
Realms are a limitless canvas; it’s up to
you how you fill them.

THE CITADEL PAINT

SYSTEM

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how to
paint Citadel Miniatures from start
to finish. The guides are available
for free on games-workshop.com,
and can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube channel.
Why not
take a moment
to check
them out?

Base paints contain a high
percentage of pigment,
and deliver bold, intense
colour that provides the
foundation for the paint
scheme. Neat basecoats
are key to a great-looking
miniature, and two thin
coats are almost always
better than one thick coat.

Shade paints are almost
the consistency of ink, and
are designed to run into
the model’s recesses to
create depth and contrast.
They are usually applied
all over an area as a wash,
or painted directly into
recesses such as the gaps
between armour plates.

Dry Compounds are
applied using a technique
called drybrushing,
which involves passing a
very lightly loaded brush
rapidly across the model to
apply a dusting of colour
to the raised detail. It’s a
very quick way of adding
highlights to a miniature.

Layer paints are brighter
colours than Base paints,
and have a smoother
consistency. They are
usually applied all over an
underlying Base colour to
achieve a more vibrant hue,
or are painted in focused
lines along raised areas and
edges as highlights.

73


PAGEBREAK
IONRACH

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage:Runefang Steel (armour), Pallid
Wych Flesh (skin), Thousand Sons Blue (cloth),
Incubi Darkness (trousers), Leadbelcher (metal),
Khorne Red (tassels, weapon shaft), Rhinox Hide
(boots), Fulgurite Copper (brass)

Shade Stage:Drakenhof Nightshade and
Lahmian Medium (blade, skin), Coelia
Greenshade and Lahmian Medium
(armour), Nuln Oil (cloth, collar), Reikland
Fleshshade (brass)

DHOM-HAIN

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage:Celestra Grey (armour), Rakarth
Flesh (skin), Khorne Red (cloth), Rhinox Hide
(leather), Leadbelcher (metal), Ahriman Blue
(tassels), Abaddon Black (trousers), Warlock
Bronze (brass)

Shade Stage:Coelia Greenshade and Lahmian
Medium (armour), Nuln Oil (collar, cloth,
metal), Reikland Fleshshade (skin), Drakenhof
Nightshade (gradient on arms), Biel-Tan
Green (tassels)

FUETHÁN

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage:Mephiston Red (armour),
Pallid Wych Flesh (skin), Ahriman Blue (cloth),
Incubi Darkness (trousers), Leadbelcher (metal),
Averland Sunset (tassels), Abaddon Black (boots,
weapon shaft), Retributor Armour
(brass)

Shade Stage:Druchii Violet (armour), Nuln
Oil (cloth, trousers), Carroburg Crimson and
Lahmian Medium (skin), Agrax Earthshade
(collar), Reikland Fleshshade (brass) Fuegan
Orange (tassels) Coelia Greenshade (blade)

74


PAGEBREAK
3

4

5

Layer1 Stage:Runefang Steel (armour), Pallid
Wych Flesh (skin), Thousand Sons Blue (cloth),
Fenrisian Grey (cloth trim), Liberator Gold
(brass), Doombull Brown (boots), Wild Rider
Red (tassels), Ironbreaker
(blade)

Layer2 Stage:White Scar (skin), Runefang Steel
(brass, metal, blade), Ahriman Blue (cloth), Blue
Horror
(cloth trim), Fire Dragon Bright (tassels),
Skrag Brown (boots), Evil Sunz Scarlet (weapon
haft), Blood For The Blood God (gem)

Basing Stage:Apply Stirland Mud to the base.
Drybrush with Verminlord Hide, and then
drybrush again with Terminatus Stone. Add
Mordheim Turf to the base.

3

4

5

Layer1 Stage:Waywatcher Green (armour),
Rakarth Flesh (skin), Evil Sunz Scarlet (cloth,
gem), Ushabti Bone (cloth trim), Mechanicus
Standard Grey (trousers), Fulgurite Copper
(brass), Skrag Brown (leather)

Layer2 Stage: Pallid Wych Flesh (skin, cloth
trim), Ulthuan Grey (armour), Fire Dragon
Bright (cloth, gem), Runefang Steel (metal),
Temple Guard Blue (tassels), Balor Brown
(leather), Administratum Grey (trousers)

Basing Stage:Apply Citadel Sand and rocks with
PVA Glue. Paint earth Mournfang Brown and
rocks Mechanicus Standard Grey. Drybrush earth
Screaming Skull. Shade rocks Agrax Earthshade
then drybrush Administratum Grey.

3

4

5

Layer1 Stage: Evil Sunz Scarlet (armour), Pallid
Wych Flesh (skin), Eshin Grey (boots, weapon
shaft), Ahriman Blue (cloth, gem), Celestra
Grey (cloth trim), Ironbreaker
(blade), Averland
Sunset (tassels)

Layer2 Stage:White Scar (skin), Fire Dragon
Bright (armour), Administratum Grey (boots,
weapon shaft), Runefang Steel (metal), Temple
Guard Blue (cloth, gem), Ulthuan Grey (cloth
trim), Ushabti Bone (tassels)

Basing Stage:Basecoat with Armageddon Dust.
Shade with Agrax Earthshade. Drybrush with
Ushabti Bone, then add Middenland Tufts.

75


PAGEBREAK
1

2

3

MOR’PHANN

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage:Abaddon Black (armour),
Rakarth Flesh (skin), Stegadon Scale Green
(cloth), Dark Reaper (trousers), Leadbelcher
(metal), Screamer Pink (tassels), Balthasar Gold
(brass), Rhinox Hide (boots)

Shade Stage:Nuln Oil (cloth, trousers, metal),
Drakenhof Nightshade and Lahmian Medium
(skin), Reikland Fleshshade (brass), Waystone
Green (gem)

1

2

NAUTILAR

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage: Pallid Wych Flesh (armour),
Ulthuan Grey (skin), Stegadon Scale Green
(cloth), Thousand Sons Blue (trousers),
Leadbelcher (metal), Mephiston Red (tassels),
Abaddon Black (boots), Fulgurite Copper (brass)

Shade Stage: Seraphim Sepia and Lahmian
Medium (armour), Biel-Tan Green (cloth),
Coelia Greenshade (skin), Drakenhof Nightshade
(collar), Druchii Violet (tassels), Nuln Oil
(metals) Reikland Fleshshade (brass)

1

2

BRIOMDAR

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage: Ironbreaker

(armour), Rakarth
Flesh (skin), Kabalite Green (cloth), Abaddon
Black (leather, bow), Leadbelcher (metal),
Averland Sunset (tassels), Stegadon Scale Green
(trousers), Balthasar Gold (brass)

Shade Stage:Coelia Greenshade (armour,
skin,
cloth, trousers), Nuln Oil (collar), Reikland
Fleshshade (tassels and brass)

76


PAGEBREAK
3

4

5

Layer1 Stage:Kantor Blue (armour), Rakarth
Flesh (skin), Thunderhawk Blue (cloth),
Russ Grey (cloth trim), Skrag Brown (boots,
bow), Hashut Copper (brass), Genestealer
Purple (tassels)

Layer2 Stage: Temple Guard Blue (armour),
Pallid Wych Flesh (skin), Fenrisian Grey (cloth,
cloth trim), Balor Brown (boots, bow), Runefang
Steel (metal), Emperor’s Children (tassels)

Basing Stage:Apply Astrogranite to the base.
Shade with Agrax Earthshade. Drybrush with
Terminatus Stone. Finally, add Middenland Tufts
and patches of Valhallan Blizzard for the snow.

3

4

5

Layer1 Stage: Pallid Wych Flesh (armour),
Ulthuan Grey (skin), Ogryn Camo (cloth trim),
Evil Sunz Scarlet (tassels),Thousand Sons Blue
(trousers), Fulgurite Copper (brass)

Layer2 Stage:White Scar (armour,
skin),
Ahriman Blue (cloth, trousers), Fire Dragon
Bright (tassels), Runefang Steel (metal),
Dawnstone (boots), Blood For The Blood God
(gem), Screaming Skull (cloth trim)

Basing Stage:Apply Martian Ironearth Texture
paint
to the base. Drybrush with Eldar Flesh, and
add Mordheim Turf for the grass.

3

4

5

Layer1 Stage:Runefang Steel (armour,
metal), Rakarth Flesh (skin), Kabalite Green
(cloth), Skarsnik Green (cloth trim), Sotek
Green (trousers), Mechanicus Standard Grey
(leather, bow)

Layer2 Stage: Pallid Wych Flesh (skin),
Screaming Skull (cloth, cloth trim), Ushabti
Bone (tassels), Hashut Copper (brass), Blood For
The Blood God (gems), Sybarite Green (cloth),
Administratum Grey (leather, bow)

Basing Stage:Apply Citadel Sand and rocks with
PVA Glue. Paint earth Rhinox Hide and rocks
Mechanicus Standard Grey. Drybrush earth
Balor Brown. Shade rocks Agrax Earthshade then
drybrush Administratum Grey.

77


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH

FEATURES

In this section we will teach you how to paint the sharp, angular faces, imposing weapons and exotic
heraldry of the Idoneth Deepkin, as well as methods that will help you bring to life the strange aquatic
creatures that often accompany them to battle.

AKHELIAN SKIN

Often, the best way to paint
large areas of pale flesh is to
start with a spray undercoat
of Corax White. Next, an
all-over wash of the skin
with a Shade paint quickly
reveals all the raised areas,
guiding you to where you
need to add your Layer
paints for the next stages.

1

2

3

Apply Reikland Fleshshade
to the skin areas, allowing
plenty of time to dry
before continuing.

Follow up with a layer of
Flayed One Flesh, avoiding
areas where the shade
has settled.

Next, edge highlight the skin
with Pallid Wych Flesh.

4

5

6

7

Carefully apply Rhinox Hide
to the eyes and mouth.

Pick out
the teeth and eyes
with White Scar.

Using the very tip of the
brush, add dots of Rhinox
Hide to the eyes to paint
the pupils.

Add streaks of Blood For
The Blood God over the
scars, and use Leadbelcher
for the earrings.

BLADES

Celestra Grey (base), Coelia
Greenshade and Lahmian
Medium (shade), Ulthuan
Grey (highlight)

Ushabti Bone (base),
Seraphim Sepia (shade),
Pallid Wych Flesh
(highlight)

Incubi Darkness (base),
Nuln Oil (shade), Kabalite
Green (highlight), Ogryn
Camo (second highlight)

Ironbreaker
(base),
Drakenhof Nightshade
(shade), Ironbreaker
(layer),
Stormhost Silver (highlight)

78


PAGEBREAK
FANGMORA

EELS

The pattern effects shown below were achieved using a process known as ‘stippling’.This technique involves loading your brush
with a small amount of paint – in this case a Citadel Shade – and gently dotting a pattern onto the model with the very tip of
your brush. This achieves a more natural-looking fade between the pattern and the base colour.

To achieve the gradual blend between two colours as shown in the image on the top left, thin down your Shade – in this case
Druchii Violet – with an equal amount of Lahmian Medium. This will soften the colour and reduce the contrast between the
two areas, resulting in a more natural
transition.

RED TASSELS

1

2

3

4

To begin, basecoat with
Wild Rider Red.

Next, apply a shade of
Carroburg Crimson.

Edge highlight with Fire
Dragon Bright.

Add a second, finer
highlight of Ungor Flesh.

SEA CREATURES

Baharroth Blue (base),
Guilliman Blue and
Waywatcher Green (shade),
Ulthuan Grey (drybrush)

Ceramite White (base),
Fuegan Orange (shade),
Fire Dragon Bright (layer),
Ungor Flesh (highlight)

Ceramite White (base),
Druchii Violet (shade),
Slaanesh Grey (layer), Pallid
Wych Flesh (highlight)

Khorne Red (base), Agrax
Earthshade and Lahmian
Medium (shade), Evil Sunz
Scarlet (highlight)

79


PAGEBREAK
LEVIADON SKIN

It is very easy to get a great-looking
texture effect for the skin sections of
your Leviadon miniature. The same
techniques can be used for any other
models with similar details. To begin
with, use Death Guard Green to get an
even covering across the entire section.
It may be easier to paint
these skin
areas separately from the rest of the
miniature before attaching them.

1

2

To get an even gradient between the
areas of skin, slowly build up several
thin layers of Ogryn Camo as above.

Next, apply an all-over shade of
Athonian Camoshade, making sure you
reach all of the recesses.

3

4

5

Being careful not
to load too much
paint on your brush, drybrush the
entire area with Ogryn Camo.

HOWDAH

Large models such as the Akhelian
Leviadon can seem intimidating
to the novice painter. However, it’s
actually very easy to quickly paint
an large section – for instance, the
howdah of the Leviadon – using very
basic techniques, and still have it look
fantastic on the tabletop or in your
model collection. In this instance,
an even undercoat was applied using
Corax White Spray. Light colours like
Corax White are great when combined
with the Citadel Shades range, as the
ink will stain the flat areas and settle
in the recesses of the model, adding
great depth and texture with very little
effort. You can then add the finishing
touches as displayed in the step-by-step
guide on the right, to really bring your
miniature to life.

Apply a second drybrush of Screaming
Skull across the skin section.

To finish, apply Lamenters Yellow
across the central areas, avoiding the
edges of the model.

1

2

To begin with, basecoat the entire
howdah with Pallid Wych Flesh.

Next, apply an all-over wash of
Seraphim Sepia.

3

4

Apply several thinned-down layers of
Pallid Wych Flesh to the raised areas to
slowly build up the gradient.

As a finishing touch, add a fine
highlight of White Scar to the sharp
edges of the howdah.

80


PAGEBREAK
LEVIADON SHELL

On large, textured areas such as the
shell of the Leviadon, drybrushing is
a great way to quickly and efficiently
bring out
the details of your miniature.
One particularly effective technique
is to drybrush using several different
paints, therefore building up a
gradient of colour. This practice works
especially well when painting organic
sections of a miniature such as hides,
shells and carapaces, as it provides a
great weathering effect, making the
miniature look lifelike and battle-worn.

When drybrushing, make sure to not
get too much paint on the bristles of
your brush, as this can lead to a messy,
smeared finish. Instead, dab your brush
repeatedly on a tissue or cloth until
there is barely any paint remaining
before applying it to the miniature.
It’s
far easier to add more paint
to a model
than it is to remove it.

1

2

The first step is to basecoat the entire
shell with Rhinox Hide.

Next, drybrush the area with
Doombull Brown.

3

4

Apply a second drybrush,
with Skrag Brown.

this time

Lastly, drybrush the very top and edges
of the shell with Balor Brown.

BARNACLES

There are many small shell and barnacle details on Idoneth
Deepkin models. Basecoat these with Rakarth Flesh before
adding a shade of Seraphim Sepia. Finally, add some edge
highlights with Pallid Wych Flesh.

MA’HARR CREST

1

2

1

3

2

3

4

Begin by basecoating the
crest with Ushabti Bone.

Next, apply a shade of
Fuegan Orange.

Layer with Ushabti Bone,
avoiding areas where the
shade has settled.

Lastly, apply an edge
highlight of Pallid
Wych Flesh.

81


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE

RULERS

BENEATH

The Rules Beneath the Waves

THE

WAVES


PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF THE IDONETH

On the following pages you will find rules and abilities for your Idoneth Deepkin army. These include
powerful allegiance abilities and items, exciting battleplans, and warscrolls and battalions that
describe the sinister forces of the Idoneth Deepkin in games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

From potent allegiance abilities
to powerful artefacts, this section
provides all of the rules needed to use
Idoneth Deepkin armies in games of

Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

Battle Traits: An allied army fights
with unity and cohesion, granting it
additional boons. See page 86 for the
battle traits available to an Idoneth
Deepkin army.

ALLEGIANCE

When you choose your army, you
can also choose an allegiance for
it. If you do so, you can use a set of
allegiance abilities that correspond
to the allegiance you have chosen.

If an army could have more than
one allegiance, you must pick one
to apply to it during the game.
The allegiance you choose will
apply for the duration of the battle,
even if you add new units to the
army during the battle that have a
different allegiance.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

On the following pages you will find
a set of allegiance abilities that can be
used for an army that has the IDONETH
DEEPKIN allegiance (also referred to

as an IDONETH DEEPKIN army). In

order to have the IDONETH DEEPKIN
allegiance, all of the units in the
army must either have the IDONETH
DEEPKIN keyword, or be assigned the
IDONETH DEEPKIN keyword before the
battle begins.

Command Traits: Each leader has

their own style of command. See page
87 for the command traits available to
Idoneth Deepkin generals.

Lore of the Deeps & Isharann

Rituals: Isharann can unleash
powerful magic to overwhelm and
destroy their victims. See pages 92-93
for the spells and rituals available to
Tidecasters and Isharann from an
Idoneth Deepkin army.

Artefacts of Power:These magical

items are borne by the Idoneth
Deepkin’s mightiest champions. See
pages 88-91 for the artefacts your army
can be gifted.

The Ethersea:When the Idoneth travel
onto dry land, aspects of their deep-sea
realms manifest upon the battlefield.
The rules covering these manifestations
are on pages 94-95.

NAMED CHARACTERS

Volturnos, High King of the Deep, and
Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers,
are singular and powerful champions
with their own unique personalities
and bespoke items of terrible power.

84

As such, these models cannot have any
additional command traits or artefacts
of power.

MOUNTS

Some heroes have a mount, such as a
powerful monster
that
they can ride.
In all such cases, any command traits
or magical artefacts can only be used
to affect attacks made by the hero,
and have no effect on attacks made
by their mount unless specifically
stated otherwise.

THE ENCLAVES

The enclaves of the Idoneth Deepkin
each have their own ancient
traditions
and distinct ways of making war. To
represent
this, armies chosen from one
of the six main enclaves gain additional
rules as described on pages 96-101.

BATTLEPLANS

The battleplans on pages 102-107 allow
you to fight battles based on the tactics
that
the Idoneth Deepkin use in war.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

On pages 108-113 you will find rules
for playing a Path to Glory campaign.
Included are warband tables to help you
collect your army, a warband roster you
can use in your games, and a battleplan
designed for Path to Glory games.

WARSCROLL
BATTALIONS

Pages 120-125 describe formations
made up of several units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful
new abilities.

WARSCROLLS

Pages 126-135 list the warscrolls of all
of the units that can be included in an
Idoneth Deepkin army, along with their
characteristics and abilities.

THE ENCLAVES

From the powerful Tidecasters of Ionrach to the cunning raiders of Briomdar, the different enclaves of
the Idoneth Deepkin are distinct in their character. On pages 96-101 you will find rules that allow you
to tailor your collection to represent one of six major enclaves.

You can organise your collection of
Idoneth Deepkin miniatures as an army
from one of the major Idoneth enclaves
simply by painting it in the enclave’s
colours. All Idoneth Deepkin units
and warscroll battalions in the army
are then considered to be from that
enclave. For example, if you decided to
organise your collection into an army
from Ionrach Enclave, each unit would
be considered a Ionrach unit, and each
warscroll battalion would be considered
a Ionrach warscroll battalion. This does
not change their allegiance, but does
give you access to some additional rules
you can use for your army.

The rules for six of the major enclaves
are presented on pages 96-101. When
you organise your collection to be an
army from one of the enclaves listed
in this section, you can use extra
abilities, and may gain access to a
bespoke command trait or new spell.
In addition, you can include additional
units in certain warscroll battalions.

ENDLESS SEAS

While the rules later in this section
present you with a way to collect an
army from one of the major enclaves,
there are countless more in the Mortal
Realms. You can choose to organise
your collection of Idoneth Deepkin
miniatures as an army from an enclave
of your own devising. If you do so,
simply pick the enclave that most
closely matches the background of
your own enclave, and use its rules for
your enclave.

‘Upon your success rests the
survival of our people. Strike
quickly and without mercy.
Use fear as your ally. And
remember, the swifter and
more cruelly you strike, the
sooner will your triumph
be secured.’

- High King Volturnos

85


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

A Idoneth Deepkin army is a terrifying sight, its mist-wreathed warriors surging onto the battlefield like
a swirling tide of death. The following pages describe the allegiance abilities that an Idoneth Deepkin
army can have.

BATTLE TRAITS

An IDONETH DEEPKIN army has the

following battle traits:

Forgotten Nightmares: The Idoneth

disappear from the consciousnessof
their enemies almost instantly,
leaving
only a feeling of unease, like a dimly
remembered nightmare.

Missile weapons can only be used to
target an IDONETH DEEPKIN unit with
this battle trait
if it is the closest visible
enemy unit.

Tides of Death: Idoneth Deepkin
destroy their enemies like the relentless
tides of a perilous sea, building up their
attack to a crashing crescendoand then
receding to leave nothing but death in
their wake.

IDONETH DEEPKIN units with this battle
trait have a different Tides of Death
ability each battle round, as shown on
the Tides of Death table to the right.

TIDES OF DEATH TABLE

Battle
Round Ability

1

2

3

4

Low Tide: The Idoneth Deepkin move towards the foe, their
appearance eerily refracted and distorted, like an object seen
through water.

In this battle round, all units with the Tides of Death battle trait are
treated as being in cover.

Flood Tide: The Idoneth Deepkin attack suddenly, swirling around
the foe and trapping the unwary .

In this battle round, all units with the Tides of Death battle trait
that
run can still either shoot or charge in the same turn (but not both).

High Tide: The Idoneth Deepkin surge forward and fall upon the
foe, smashing them with the speed and fury of gale-blown waves.

In this battle round, units with the Tides of Death battle trait fight
before any other units in the combat phase. Fight with all eligible
Idoneth Deepkin units one after the other, and then resolve any
fights with any other units.

Ebb Tide: Their work done, the Idoneth Deepkin withdraw from
the fray, leaving the enemy’s dead behind like flotsam on a storm-
wracked beach.

In this battle round, all units with the Tides of Death battle trait
that retreat can still either shoot or charge in the same turn (but
not both).

5+

Repeat

the four Tides of Death steps, starting with Low Tide.

86


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND

TRAITS

If the general of an IDONETH DEEPKIN
army is a HERO, they can have one
of the following command traits in
addition to any others they have.

You can either pick the trait or roll
a dice to randomly determine it. If,
for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

5

6

Nightmare Legacy:The repressed horror of the
Idoneth’s long incarceration emanates from this
dark-visaged warrior in palpable waves of doom.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 12" of this general.

Lord of Storm and Sea: This general is a living
embodiment of the glory of Mathlann, and is an
inspiration to all those that still worship the Lord of
the Deeps.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
IDONETH DEEPKIN units while they are wholly
within 12" of this general.

D6
1

Command Trait

Merciless Raider:This grim-eyed warrior has
no empathy for his victims and lacks any form of
kindness or forgiveness.

2

3

4

You can re-roll run rolls and charge rolls for
this general.

Hunter of Souls: This general seeks neither glory
or territory; their only interest is the capture of
mortal souls.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this general.

Unstoppable Fury:When the Idoneth fall upon
their foe at the climax of a battle, this unstoppable
warrior is a fury of destruction.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of any weapons
used by this general in any battle round in which
the High Tide ability (pg 86) is in effect.

Born From Agony: The unimaginable suffering
the Idoneth endured before their liberation from
Slaanesh has inured this warrior to pain.

Increase this general’s Wounds characteristic by 2.

87


PAGEBREAK
ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If an IDONETH DEEPKIN army includes
any HEROES, then one may bear an
artefact of power. Declare which HERO
has the artefact after picking your
general, and then pick which artefact
of power the hero has, or roll a dice
to randomly select one. The Akhelian
Artefacts table can be used to select

an item for any AKHELIANHERO, the
Idoneth Artefacts table can be used
to select an item for any IDONETH
DEEPKINHERO, the Isharann Artefacts
table can be used to select an item for
any ISHARANN HERO, and the Arcane
Artefacts table can be used if the hero

is a WIZARD.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an artefact for each warscroll
battalion you include in your army.
A HERO cannot have more than one
artefact of power, and an army may not
include duplicates of the same artefact
of power.

AKHELIAN ARTEFACTS

Any AKHELIANHERO can be given one of the following Akhelian artefacts.

D6 Magical Artefact
1

Sanguine Pearl: Sanguine pearls are the colour of
freshly spilt blood. When attached to the hilt of a
weapon wielded by an Akhelian warrior, they protect
the bearer in the maelstrom of closecombat.

2

3

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer that was caused by a melee
weapon. On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Potion of Hateful Frenzy:Distilled from the blood of
the mighty ketus-shark, this potion turns the drinker
into a hate-fuelled engine of destruction, but
leaves
them exhausted once the effects wear off.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, the bearer can
drink this potion. If they do so, add 1 to hit and
wound rolls for the bearer until your next hero phase.
However, at the start of your next hero phase the bearer
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Ankusha Spur:This sharpened spur is crafted from the
near-unbreakable spines of ankusha shells, and can be
used by Akhelians to goad the ferocious sea creatures
they ride.

Add 3" to the bearer’s Move characteristic. In
addition, re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by the
bearer’s mount.

4

5

6

Armour of the Cythai: This ancient armour was given
by Teclis to the first Idoneth. Upon the command of its
bearer, this armour can radiate the power of Hysh – a
fitting gift from the Great Illuminator.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for melee weapons that
the bearer.

target

Bio-shock Shell: This mollusc shell has fossilised
within a Fangmora den over thousands of years. It has
absorbed so much of the creatures’crackling energy that
it now acts as a generator, whose pent-up electricalfury
can be released by the beaerer at need.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase, you
can say that
the bearer will use the Bio-shock Shell.
If you do so, each enemy unit within 3" of the bearer
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Abyssal Blade: The darkest and most hateful thoughts
have been stripped from a chorrileum to temper this
weapon. Years of repressed rage are made manifest,
investing the sword with the ability to cut through
armour and drink deep of an enemy’s vital force.
Against those dedicated to the ancient enemy Slaanesh,
it is more fearsome still…

Pick a weapon carried by the bearer to be the Abyssal
Blade. Improve the Rend characteristic of that weapon
by 1. In addition, add 1 to the Damage characteristic of
that weapon if the target has the SLAANESHkeyword.

88


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH

ARTEFACTS

Any IDONETH DEEPKINHERO can be given one of the following Idoneth artefacts.

4

5

Terrornight Venom: This venom is extracted from the
tentacles of the terrornight medusan. If used to coat
a weapon, the smallest cut will cause severe pain and
nausea, and fill the victim with a terrible feeling of
impending doom.

Pick a weapon carried by the bearer to be coated with
Terrornight Venom. Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for that
weapon. In addition, subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units that suffer any wounds
from this weapon for the rest of the battle.

Cloud of Midnight: This fragile vial is filled with
purest ink drawn from a krakigon, a natural pigment
used to create zones of total obscurity. When the vial
is shattered, the bearer is swiftly hidden within a cloud
of darkness.

Once per battle, at the start of any phase, the bearer
can release the Cloud of Midnight. If they do so, they
cannot be chosen as the target for attacks, spells or
abilities for the rest of the phase, but cannot
themselves
attack or use spells and abilities for the rest of the phase.

6 Whorlshell: This spirit-sensitive shell opens a whirling
passagewaythrough the ethersea that allows another to
view the bearer ’smost repressedmemory. Those without
the strength of will to bear the knowledge of this terrible
secret find themselves pulled into an abyss of despair
that smothers their will to fight.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, you can
say that
the bearer will use the Whorlshell. If you do
so, pick an enemy HERO within 9" of the bearer that
is
visible to them and roll 2D6. If the roll is greater than
the enemy hero’s Bravery characteristic, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for the enemy hero for the rest of the battle.

D6 Artefact
1

Rune of the Surging Tide: This runic sigil was mind-
forged by Gabhai, the greatest of Tidecasters. It can
be used to summon a swift stream in the ethersea that
hastens the advance of an Idoneth Deepkin phalanx,
or a phantasmal riptide that drags at the feet of the foe,
hindering their progress.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, you
can say that
the bearer will use the Rune of the Surging
Tide. If you do so, say whether the rune will be used
to create a stream or a riptide. If a stream is created,
add 1" to the Move characteristic of friendly IDONETH
DEEPKIN units until your next hero phase. If a riptide
is created, subtract 1" from the Move characteristic of
enemy units until your next hero phase.

2

Black Pearl:The incredibly rare black pearl can only be
found in the deepest and darkest of waters. It is prized
for the aura it projects, which can protect the bearer
from any harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 6+ the wound is negated.

3

Lliandra’s Last Lament:Lliandra was one of the

Awakened, and a powerful sorceress.Alas, the magic
of soul transference was developed too late to save her
children, and such was her sorrow that she fell into a
melancholy from which she never recovered. She sang
her siren song of lamentation into the brón conches,
where it became enshrined forever. If a listener puts one
up to their ear, the song can still be heard. Should one of
these shells be shattered, it will release Lliandra’s woe in
the form of an eerie dirge that has a powerful effect on
those nearby.

Once per battle, at the start of the battleshock phase,
you can say that
the bearer will release Lliandra’s Last
Lament. If you do so, friendly IDONETH DEEPKIN units
wholly within 18" of the bearer do not have to take
battleshock tests that phase.

89


PAGEBREAK
ISHARANN

ARTEFACTS

Any ISHARANN HERO can be given one of the following Isharann artefacts.

D6 Artefact
1

Steelshell Pearl: It is said that some pearls are created
at such great ocean depths that
they are as strong as
steel. The strange aura that surrounds these gems has
the power to repel incoming missiles.

2

3

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer that was caused by a missile
weapon. On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Mind Flare:The cracklingmanifestation of a
bioluminescent flare suddenly illuminates the gloom
of the ethersea, a flash that can blind predators or
stun prey.

Once per battle, at the start of a combat phase, pick an
enemy unit within 3" of the bearer. Subtract 1 from hit
rolls for that unit until
the end of that combat phase.

Dritchleech: Incredibly rare, these worms feed
upon magic, and are capable of draining arcane
energies.The Isharann long ago became inured to the
dritchleech’seffects, but
the same cannot be said for
other spellcasters.

Subtract 1 from the casting rolls of WIZARDS while
they are within 18" of the bearer. IDONETH DEEPKIN
WIZARDS are not affected by this artefact.

4

Auric Lantern:This magical artefact can be used by
Isharann to turn the soul-force of an opponent into a
beacon for any Idoneth Deepkin that are hunting them.

At the start of your shooting phase, pick an enemy unit
within 18" of the bearer that
is in cover. Until your next
shooting phase, that enemy unit does not receive the
benefit to its saving throw for being in cover.

5

Disharmony Stones: These rare deepwater rocks
can be attuned to the soul-force of a mortal being. If
two of them are struck together, the resulting burst of
discordant energy can cause dreadful harm to those
connected to them.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, pick up
to two enemy HEROESthat are within 12" of the bearer.
The opposing player must
then choose one of the
following options:

a) Roll a dice for each HERO picked. On a 3+ that hero
suffers 1 mortal wound.

b) Roll a dice for each HERO picked. On a 5+ that hero
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

c) Each HERO picked suffers D3 mortal wounds.
Then roll a dice. On a 4+ the bearer suffers D3
mortal wounds.

6

Brain Barnacles:Dreaded parasites of the deep, brain
barnacles are microscopicarthropods native to the
ethersea, which the Idoneth harvest and capture in
vials. When released, the tiny creatures seek to attach
themselves to the brain of any sentient creature and
feed off their thoughts.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, pick an
enemy HERO within 12" of the bearer and roll 2D6. If
the roll is equal to or greater than the distance between
the bearer and that hero, the enemy hero is infected.
Subtract 1 from hit rolls and casting rolls for the
infected hero for the rest of the battle.

90


PAGEBREAK
Any IDONETH DEEPKINHERO that

is also a WIZARD can be given one of the following arcane artefacts.

ARCANE ARTEFACTS

5

Kraken Tooth: This fragment of the sword-length
tooth of a Ghurish kraken can be used by a spellcaster
to create a manifestation of the ferocious beast’s
slavering maw.

Once per battle, in your shooting phase, pick an enemy
unit within 12" of the bearer that
is visible to them.
Then, roll a dice and look up the result below.

D6
1

Result
None Binds the Kraken:The bearer suffers D3

mortal wounds.

2-5

The Kraken is Released:The enemy unit suffers

D3 mortal wounds.

6

A Tasty Morsel: Pick one model in the enemy
unit. The model you pick is slain if it has a
Wounds characteristic of less than 10, and
suffers 2D6 mortal wounds if it has a Wounds
characteristic of 10+.

6

Augury Shells: From the Cerithium Seas come augury
shells, strange artefacts that enable the bearer to better
predict destiny’s course.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, roll
2D6. During that hero phase, you can use that roll
as the result of a casting roll for the bearer, or as the
result of an unbinding roll for an enemy WIZARD that
is attempting to unbind a spell cast by the bearer. You
must say that you will use that roll before the actual
casting or unbinding roll is made.

D6 Artefact
1

Arcane Pearl:These multihued pearls are amongst the
rarest of Idoneth artefacts. When held by a Tidecaster,
they protect the bearer from manifold dangers.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal wound to
the bearer. On a 5+ the wound is negated.

2

Sands of Infinity: This arcane sand is attuned to
aetheric magic, and can be used to vastly prolong the
effects of a spell.

3

4

You can use the Sands of Infinity once per battle, before
making a casting roll for the bearer for a spell whose
effects would normally last until your next hero phase.
If you do so, and the spell is successfullycast and not
unbound,
then the effects of the spell last until your
hero phase after your next hero phase instead.

Coral Ring: Although seldom done, empty branches
of the chorrileum can be pruned, and the trimmed
portions of the spirit-sensitive coral used to craft
rings imbued with the racial memories of the Idoneth
Deepkin. Such rings grant their wearer the ability to
call upon the wisdom of the past.

Once per battle, you can re-roll a failed casting roll for
the bearer. In addition, once per battle, you can re-roll a
failed unbinding roll for the bearer.

Bauble of Buoyancy:An enchanted gas bladder
from an engorgerfish, this small gem-like organ lets
its bearer adjust their buoyancy, allowing for great
bounding steps that can cover great distances or
traverse obstacles.

The bearer can fly. In addition, double the result of run
rolls for the bearer.

91


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF THE DEEPS

The Idoneth Deepkin’s Tidecasters wielding powers unlike any used by the other wizards of the Mortal
Realms. The spells they cast reflect the abyssal depths of the seas from which they come as well as the
dark corners of a living being’s psyche.

Each IDONETH DEEPKINWIZARD in an IDONETH DEEPKIN

army knows an additional spell chosen from the Lore of the
Deeps. You can either pick the spell, or roll a D6 on the table
below to randomly determine it.

Note that each WIZARD in an IDONETH DEEPKIN army
can know a different spell, or, if you prefer, you can instead
generate (pick or roll) one spell that will be known by all your

IDONETH DEEPKINWIZARDS.

D6
1

Spell

Steed of Tides: The wizard conjures a watery
elemental to transport themselves or a comrade swiftly
across the battlefield.

Steed of Tides has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick a friendly HERO that
is not a MONSTERand
that
is within 6" of the caster and visible to them.
Remove that model from the battlefield, and then
set it up again within 24" of its previous location and
more than 9" from any enemy models. This counts as
the model’s move in your following movement phase.

2

Abyssal Darkness: The spellcasterspreads their
arms wide and streamers of darkness pour from their
outstretched fingertips, shrouding themselves and
nearby allies in shadow.

Abyssal Darkness has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, until your next hero phase, friendly
IDONETH DEEPKIN units are treated as being in cover
while they are wholly within 9" of the caster.

3

Vorpal Maelstrom: An aetheric whirlpool manifests
in the heart of an enemy formation, snatching up
warriors and smashing them against each other.

Vorpal Maelstrom has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick a point on the battlefield within
18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Roll a dice for
each unit within 3" of that point. If the dice roll for a
unit
is less than or equal to the number of models in
the unit,
that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

4

Pressure of the Deep: The wizard enfolds their victim
in a shimmering bubble of crushing force.

Pressure of the Deep has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy model within 12"
of the caster that
is visible to them, and roll a dice.
If the dice roll is greater than that model’s Wounds
characteristic, it is slain.

5

Tide of Fear:The spellcastersends forth an invisible
current that strikes fear into their foes.

Tide of Fear has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster
that
is visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for that unit and subtract 1
from that unit’s Bravery characteristic.

6

Arcane Corrasion: The spellcasterpushes forth a
wave of aetheric energy that picks up rubble from the
ground and hurls it at the foe.

Arcane Corrasion has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick the closest enemy unit within
48" of the caster and measure the distance between
the caster and the unit. If the distance is up to 12", the
target suffers 1 mortal wound; if the distance is more
than 12" and up to 24" it suffers 2 mortal wounds
instead; if the distance is more than 24" and up to 36"
it suffers 3 mortal wounds instead; and if the distance
is more than 36" and up to 48" it suffers 4 mortal
wounds instead.

92


PAGEBREAK
ISHARANN

RITUALS

The Isharann use their arcane talents for a wide range of tasks, including building, healing, soul-theft
and war. They draw energies from the realms, the seas and their own repressed emotions, and can
perform arcane rituals that unleash this dark power upon the battlefield.

ISHARANN HEROESfrom an Idoneth Deepkin army can
perform the following Isharann rituals in your hero phase. A
maximum of one Isharann ritual can be performed in each
hero phase.

In order to perform a ritual, at the start of your hero phase,
say which ritual
is being performed and then pick one
ISHARANN HERO from your army that
is more than 9" from
any enemy models. Then roll 2D6. Add 1 to the roll if the
HERO performing the ritual
is within 1" of a Gloomtide
Shipwreck, and add a further 1 to the roll if they are a
PRIEST. In addition, add 1 to the roll for each other friendly
is within 3" of the model performing
the ritual (add 2 instead for each HERO within 3" that
is a
PRIEST). On a 10+ the ritual
is successfullyperformed and
has the effect listed below. On any other result, the ritual fails
and nothing happens.

ISHARANN HERO that

Ritual of Erosion: This ritual harnesses the power of the
ethersea, and uses it to batter fortifications that
the Idoneth
Deepkin’s enemies are using for protection.

Until your next hero phase, enemy units do not receive any
benefit for being in cover.

Ritual of Rousing: This ritual draws on the energy of the
chorrileums and uses it to empower Eidolons of Mathlann.

Heal 1 wound allocated to each friendly EIDOLON on the
battlefield. In addition, you can re-roll failed hit rolls and
casting rolls for friendly EIDOLONSuntil your next hero phase.

Ritual of the Tempest: This ritual stirs the air above the
ethersea into a swirling tempest that batters flying creatures
to the ground.

Until your next hero phase, enemy models cannot fly.


PAGEBREAK
THE ETHERSEA

The Idoneth Deepkin are a race skilled in the use of magic; indeed, their survival beneath the waves
depends upon their ability to manipulate their environment through arcane means. Nowhere is this
mastery more evident than in their summoning of the strange phenomenon known as the ethersea.

terrain features, each player rolls a
dice, rolling again in the case of a tie,
and whoever rolls higher can choose
the order in which each Etheric Vortex
terrain feature is set up.

When the Idoneth Deepkin march
on dry land, they are surrounded by
a spectral sea that makes it appear as
if they were still in their underwater
realm. Their enemies start
to feel short
of breath and are weighed down by
the crushing pressure of the deeps;
light refracts in strange ways around
the aelves and manifestations of the
creatures and terrain from the Idoneth
enclaves begin to materialise on
the battlefield.

Many of the rules and abilities for
Idoneth Deepkin models represent
the disturbing effects of the ethersea.
In addition to these rules, armies
with the IDONETH DEEPKIN allegiance

have access to Etheric Vortex terrain
features that can be set up on the
battlefield as described below.
Etheric Vortex terrain features will
always have a scenery warscroll. The
Gloomtide Shipwreck warscroll on
the right
is one example of a scenery
warscroll for an Etheric Vortex
terrain feature.

After all other terrain features are
set up, but before players choose
territories or set up their armies, you
can set up a maximum of two Etheric
Vortex terrain features anywhere on
the battlefield so that each is more than
1" from any other terrain features. If
both players can set up Etheric Vortex

The Namarti Reaversmoved forward, arrows
loosely notched as they ran. Upon reaching
cover they halted, entering the hull of a half-
buried shipwreck. Although eyeless, they scanned for
enemies, tilting their heads so that their other senses
might reach out to probe the surrounds. Therewas no
movement, save for schools of small fish darting within
the worm-riddled wreckage. Something small scuttled
in the shadows of the mouldering hulk, but outside all
was still. A quick hand motion sent vibrations through
the ethersea, instructing the unit to move. Even as the
first of the aelves stepped out of cover, warning signals
came – movement and sound from the rock piles ahead.
The Namarti ducked back as projectiles whirred past
them. A volley of warpstone bullets left fine jet-trails of
bubbles as they travelled through the enchanted air. Not

all the aelves reached cover, and one fell, a cloud of blood
rising above the crumpled body. Another Reaverwould
have been hit, save for the last-second intervention of an
etherfish as it flashed out to deflect a bullet. The skaven
leader cursed his minions for launching the ambush
too clumsily, and screeched at them to advance on the
wreck. From out of the rocks a ratman horde scurried
forth, hoping to overwhelm the Idoneth while they were
pinned down in the wreckage.Yet when the Clanrats
reached the shipwreck they found that the Reavers
had slipped silently away through unseen exits, taking
their dead with them. Typically, the skaven were at ease
amongst even the most blighted environments, but
something about the half-submerged hull made their
hackles rise. Too late, the Clawleadersaw the tentacles
reaching out from the shadows.

94


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

GLOOMTIDE

SHIPWRECK

When the Idoneth Deepkin go to war, they bring their supernatural sea with them. Ethereal creatures, fish and corals flicker into
existence, while features of the seabed manifest eerily on the battlefield. Barnacle-encrusted shipwrecks become havens for aquatic
creatures, and shoals of etherfish dart out to protect the Idoneth Deepkin or assail any foes that draw near.

DESCRIPTION

A Gloomtide Shipwreck is a terrain feature
consisting of 1 Shipwreck scenery model. The
model
is supplied in two halves; you can either field
the two halves as two separate terrain features, or
place the two halves so they are touching in order
to form a single large terrain feature.

SCENERY RULES

The following scenery rules are used for this terrain
feature (do not roll on the Scenery Table from the
Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules sheet).

Guardians of the Deep: Shoals of small sea

creatures infest this wreck, swarming out to shield
Idoneth Deepkin that are nearby.

Roll a dice each time a wound or mortal wound is
allocated to an IDONETH DEEPKINunit wholly
within 6" of this terrain feature. On a 6+ the wound
is negated.

Predators of the Ethersea:Enemies that approach

too closelyto this spectralwreck quickly find
themselves under attack from the predators that use
it as their lair.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for each
unit within 3" of this terrain feature. Do not roll
for IDONETH DEEPKINunits. On a 4+ the unit
suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 6+ the unit suffers D3
mortal wounds instead.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY,GLOOMTIDESHIPWRECK

95


PAGEBREAK
IONRACH

The Ionrach are the most numerous and widespread of all the
Idoneth Deepkin enclaves. They have expanded through the
whirlways and established strongholds in each of the Mortal
Realms thanks to the peerless magic of their Tidecasters and
the ceaseless toil of their military.

The Ionrach hold a special place amongst
the Idoneth
Deepkin. It is they that call the assembrals, the meetings that
seek to gather the leaders from all the enclaves. They stand
bright amongst a reclusive race, and it is said by many elder
councils of other enclaves that
the souls of the Ionrach burn
brightest. Their long history is replete with tales of noble
sacrifice and compassion toward others, highly unusual deeds
amongst
the insular and emotionally withdrawn Idoneth.
Although the Ionrach pride themselves on being fair-minded,
their patience is not endless. The savagery and lack of
etiquette of the Dhom-hain and the fiery aggression of the
Fuethán have led the Ionrach into several bitterly fought civil
wars, and those rivalries still simmer to this day.

The phalanxes of the Ionrach – whether from the capital of
Príom or any of their many other holdings – are recognisable
by their blue garments and shining silver armour,
resplendent
like the brilliant waters of the Maithnar Sea.

ABILITIES

Strong in Magic: The Ionrach have always been strong in
magic, being the closestof all Idoneth Deepkin to Teclis’
original vision for the aelves reclaimed from Slaanesh.

Add 1 to casting and unbinding rolls for Ionrach WIZARDS.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

An Ionrach Royal Council (pg 120) can include up to 2
Isharann Tidecasters and up to 2 Isharann Soulscryers.

COMMAND

TRAIT

An Ionrach general must have this command trait
one of those listed on page 87:

instead of

Emissary of the Deep Places: The leaders of Ionrach do not

hesitate to aid other Idoneth Deepkin, and have even been
known to ally with outsiders against a common enemy.

Allied units in an Ionrach army are treated as having the
Tides of Death battle trait and can therefore use abilities from
the Tides of Death table each battle round.

96


PAGEBREAK
DHOM-HAIN

The Dhom-hain are one of the largest of the Idoneth enclaves.
They are fiercely independent and disdain all outsiders.
Other enclaves believe the Dhom-hain exhibit degrees of
savagery unbecoming of aelves, likening them to the less
enlightened races. In truth,
the Dhom-hain wilfully ignore
the other enclaves, considering them arrogant, misguided and
overly meddlesome.

The armies of the Dhom-hain have gained a reputation as
fierce fighters. Their brutality, no doubt, comes from their
insistence upon carving out a living amongst
the most
monster-infested waters of Ghur. All the deep places hold
many dangers, but
the sea monsters of the Realm of Beasts
are unmatched in number, size and sheer savagery. It is from
this proliferation of creatures that
the Dhom-hain procure
their bond-beasts, and their phalanxes regularly boast more
and swifter creatures – particularly Fangmora Eels – than
any other enclave. Striking fast and hard is the preferred
tactic of the Dhom-hain, a method perfected by their most
famed formations.

The Dhom-hain wear armour with a soft green hue similar
to the eerie bioluminescence given off by many deep-sea
creatures, while their clothing tends to be dark in colouration.

ABILITIES

SavageFighters:The warriors of Dhom-hain are renowned
as especiallysavage fighters that strike quickly and then fall
back to attack again.

In your combat phase, re-roll hit rolls of 1 for Dhom-hain
AKHELIANand Dhom-hain NAMARTI units that made a
charge move in the same turn.

Deep Questors: The Dhom-hain capital is located in the
Black Trough in Ghur. The enclave’s barbaric warriors are
experts at fighting the savage beasts that
infest their realm.

You can re-roll failed wound rolls for Dhom-hain AKHELIAN
units if the target

is a MONSTER.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Dhom-hain Akhelian Corps (pg 121) can include up to 6

units of AKHELIANGUARD.

97


PAGEBREAK
FUETHÁN

The militant Fuethán care little for words, far preferring
actions and deeds to anything loquacious. They are
themselves taciturn but
their grim demeanour can quickly
turn to rage at the least provocation or hint of slight. The
Fuethán are aggressive but canny fighters, and they will
press any advantage to its fullest. Should an enemy break
and flee they will not hesitate to pursue, hacking down the
foe with all the zeal of blood-frenzied Allopexes. Once such
an onslaught has begun, the Fuethán will finish the job with
such extreme violence they can often be found hacking,
stabbing, and slicing foes long after life has passed out of their
mutilated bodies.

Unlike other enclaves, the Fuethán do not seek the most
controllable bond-beasts, rather
looking for creatures whose
belligerence matches their own fiery tempers. Few dare to
ride to battle atop a tiger-striped Allopex, and absolutely no
other enclave would even attempt
to use the diamond-backed
Redfin Fangmoras as steeds, yet these are just a few of the
deadly breeds that
the Fuethán actively hunt down to serve
them as bond-beasts.

ABILITIES

Revel in Slaughter:Quick to anger, the merciless riders of
Fuethán are notorious for leaving nothing but carnage in
their wake.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for Fuethán units that are affected
by the Flood Tide ability from the Tides of Death table (pg
86). In addition, whenever a Fuethán unit would be affected
by the Ebb Tide ability from the Tides of Death table, they are
instead affected by the Flood Tide ability from the same table.

Fiercest of Creatures:When bonding beasts, the Fuethán
look for creatures whose aggressionmatches their own.

In the combat phase, re-roll wound rolls of 1 for
Fuethán mounts.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Fuethán Phalanx (pg 123) can include up to 6
Akhelian Corps.

‘When there is blood in the water, none are safe.’

- Fuethán proverb

98


PAGEBREAK
MOR’PHANN

Surrounded by chill mists and speaking in voices little more
than whispers, even other Idoneth Deepkin find the presence
of those from the Mor’phann enclave disquieting. They are a
sombre and stoic people that are practical in nature. Everything
about
their personalities is cool and measured – not for them
the hot-headed fury of the Fuethán or the flashy heroism of the
Ionrach. Yet for all their dourness,
the Mor’phann are mighty
warriors, so focused on battle they can withstand the worst
wounds without
the least flinch. Their battle cries begin as an
eerie wailing that builds to an unnerving crescendo as they
close upon a foe. Then, the entire phalanx falls as silent as a
grave, even the swish of fins and the clash of blades strangely
muted by the thickening mists.

The Mor’phann favour dark colours, their warriors and mounts
seemingly clad all in black. However, when their armour and
blades catch the pale light, it is possible to make out sheens of
dark blue and purple. Gold trim and ornamentation contrasts
against these sombre hues and the aelves’pale skin. As the
Mor’phann hail from the oily waters of the Great Quagmire in
Shyish, they sometimes trail a noxious black fluid, giving them a
ghoulish and unsettling appearance.

ABILITIES

MAGIC

Soul-magic Adepts: Mor ’phann Soulrenders raise Namarti
back almost as quickly as they fall in battle.

Mor’phann Tidecasters know the Freezing Mists spell instead
of a spell from the Lore of the Deeps.

When a Mor’phann Isharann Soulrender uses their Lurelight
ability, add 3 to the number of models that are returned.

Freezing Mists: Mor ’phann Tidecasters can summon
freezing ethereal mists that slow the movement of their foes.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Mor’phann Namarti Corps (pg 122) can include up to 6
units of Namarti Thralls.

Freezing Mists has a casting value of 6. If successfullycast,
pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster that
is visible to
them. Until your next hero phase, that unit can only move 1"
when it piles in, and any abilities that would increase its pile-
in move are ignored.

99


PAGEBREAK
NAUTILAR

The first of many offshoots of the Ionrach,
the Nautilar
remain close allies with their founders. Although they are
generally more insular in their ways than the Ionrach,
the
Stormcast Eternals’ aid during the devastating skaven attacks
upon their home has somewhat drawn the Nautilar from
their self-imposed isolation.

The Nautilar favour defensive methods of war, although
this does not mean they hunker passively behind their
fortifications. Rather, they utilise concealed traps and tower-
mounted weapons to thin the ranks of the foe, and engage
in swift hit-and-run
assaults to wrong-foot
their opponents.
Their mobile city bristles with gated shelltowers from which
Nautilar troops issue forth to assail the foe from all directions
before rapidly retreating. Drawn in close by the Nautilar’s
evasive tactics, enemy armies find themselves stumbling into
ambushes and kill zones, where dozens of Namarti Reavers
await with bows drawn, or hulking Leviadons charge forth
from the shadows into their overextended lines.

The Nautilar wear armour crafted from a pale substance
known as wraithshell. The plate of their commanding officers
often bears beautiful and intricate patterns reminiscent of the
markings of some deep-sea creatures.

ABILITIES

Consummate Defenders: The aelves of Nautilar Enclave
have grown expert in defending their moving city from the
many perils it faces.

You can re-roll failed hit rolls for Nautilar units in the combat
phase if the target made a charge move in the same turn.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Nautilar Akhelian Corps (pg 121) can include up to 2
Akhelian Leviadons.

MAGIC

Nautilar Tidecasters know the Protective Barrier spell instead
of a spell from the Lore of the Deeps.

Protective Barrier:Nautilar Tidecasters are adept at
creating arcane barriers to protect their comrades from harm.

Protective Barrier has a casting value of 4. If successfully
cast, pick a friendly Nautilar unit within 12" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until your next hero phase, worsen the
Rend characteristic of attacks that
target
that unit by 1 (to a
minimum of ‘-’).

100


PAGEBREAK
BRIOMDAR

Seeking reclusion, the enclave that became the Briomdar
branched off from Ionrach and settled in the deepest part
of the Green Gulch in Ghyran. The undersea forests of that
region have since had much influence on their development.
They are masters of stealth and ambush, and can move
swiftly through even the thickest terrain. These skills have
been perfected by the Briomdar over countless raids, for they
are relentless marauders. Each day sees multiple phalanxes
foraying out from the labyrinth of flora that surrounds
their capital. Using the whirlway known as the Láthway,
the Briomdar are able to launch swift raids into any of the
Mortal Realms. No soul – no matter how remotely hidden
– is safe from their highly skilled Soulscryers, for they are
hunters extraordinaire.

The Briomdar’s appearance reflects the verdant flora that
abounds in their labyrinthine kingdom. Robes of deep blue-
green complement armour
tinted with the same hue, while
the crests worn by their Akhelians and Isharann evoke the red
kelp that proliferates the craggy bounds of the Green Gulch.
The bond-beasts used by the Briomdar bear camouflage
colours or patterns, such as striped or mottled designs, to
better hunt
in the dense light-dappled environments from
which they hail.

ABILITIES

Supreme Soulscryers:The exemplary skill of Briomdar
Soulscryerssets them apart from their kin, guiding their
raiding parties to encircle and entrap their prey.

If a Briomdar Soulscryer uses their Finder of Ways ability,
up to three friendly Briomdar units can join them instead
of only two. In addition, you can set up the units that
join
a Briomdar Soulscryer wholly within 18" of the Soulscryer
instead of wholly within 12" of the Soulscryer.

Unstoppable Raiders:The Briomdar are able to navigate
dense terrain with ease, bypassing fortress walls and tangled
forests as if they were not there.

Briomdar units that cannot normally fly ignore terrain
features when they move, as if they could fly. Note that
this does not allow them to ignore enemy models when
they move.

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

A Briomdar Namarti Corps (pg 122) can include up to 6 units
of Namarti Reavers.

101


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

AN INCOMING

TIDE

HOW TO USE
BATTLEPLANS

This book contains three
battleplans, each of which enables
you to fight a battle that epitomises
the Idoneth Deepkin’s way of
war. These battles should be
fought using all of the rules on

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar

rules sheet unless the battleplan
specificallyindicates otherwise.
Each of the battleplans includes a
map reflecting the landscape on
which the battle is fought; these
maps usually show a battlefield that
is 6 feet by 4 feet in size, but you
can use a smaller or larger area if
you wish.

An Idoneth Deepkin soul-raid starts
with the Idoneth emerging from the
sea as close as possible to their target.
Thoughmost peoples of the realms
remain ignorant of the Idoneth’s
true nature, legends of mysterious
invaders from the ocean have
prompted some of the more cautious
coastal communities to station
sentinels to guard the shoreline from a
sudden attack.

THE ARMIES

One player commands an army of
Idoneth Deepkin, and the other
commands an army of Sentinels.

IDONETH
DEEPKIN
PLAYER’S OBJECTIVES

You must emerge from the sea and
slay any enemy warriors guarding the
shoreline. Further
inland is the location
of the soul-prize you have come in
search of. You cannot
let these land-
creatures prevent you from securing it.

SENTINEL PLAYER’S
OBJECTIVES

A sinister enemy approaches from
under
the sea, intent on attacking the
settlement you are sworn to protect.
Stand firm and drive them back into
the waters from whence they came.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents a coastal area
near an inhabited settlement. One long
table edge represents the shoreline,
and it is from here that
the Idoneth
Deepkin army will enter the battlefield.

Players can choose to set up any scenery
as described on the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar rules sheet, or use the example
scenery shown on the map.

SET-UP

The Sentinel player sets up their
army first, anywhere wholly within
their territory. No units from the
Idoneth Deepkin army are set up on
the battlefield at the start of the battle
– they are all set up under
the sea as
described opposite.

102


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

FIRST TURN

The Idoneth Deepkin player has the
first turn in the first battle round.

UNDER

THE SEA

All units in the Idoneth Deepkin army
start
the battle set up under
the sea.
They can enter the battlefield in any of
their movement phases, measuring the
move from anywhere on the Shoreline
table edge.

Double the Move characteristic of units
from the Idoneth Deepkin player’s
army for the turn in which they enter
the battlefield.

UNEXPECTED ATTACK

On their first turn,
the Sentinel player
must roll a dice before making a
normal move with a Sentinel unit. On
a 4+, the unit can make that move. On
any other roll, the unit
is not allowed to
make that move.

RAIDING

FORCE

In the Idoneth Deepkin player’s hero
phase, any units in their army that
are wholly within 9" of the table edge
opposite the Shoreline can exit the
battlefield. The Idoneth Deepkin player
can choose which units (if any) leave
the battle. Models in units that exit the
battlefield are removed from play, but
do not count as slain or fleeing.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, if there are
no Sentinel models on the battlefield
at the end of a battle round,
the game
ends immediately and the Idoneth
Deepkin player wins a major victory.
Otherwise, the battle lasts for five battle
rounds. If no Idoneth Deepkin units
have exited the battlefield at the end of
the fifth battle round,
the Sentinel player
wins a major victory. If at least one but
less than half the Idoneth Deepkin units
have exited the battlefield, the Sentinel
player wins a minor victory. On any
other result, the Idoneth Deepkin player

wins a minor victory.

103


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

THE HARVEST

THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents the outskirts
of an inhabited settlement. Players
can choose to set up any scenery as
described on the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar rules sheet, or use the example
scenery shown on the map.

In order to fight this battle, you will
require three population markers
(small coins will do). Each marker
represents a group of terrified civilians.
Population markers cannot be attacked,
and do not block movement for
either side.

The Guardian player must move each
marker in each of their movement
phases. If the closest unit
to the marker
before it is moved is a unit from the
Guardian player’s army, then the
Guardian player can move the marker
6" in any direction. If the closest unit
to the marker before it is moved is a
unit from the Idoneth Deepkin player’s
army, then the Guardian player must
move the marker in a straight
line 6"
directly away from that unit. Measure
from the centre of each marker.

Population markers move over terrain
and friendly models in the same
manner as a model that can fly, but
must halt as soon as they move within
3" of a unit from the Idoneth Deepkin
player’s army.

A population marker is ‘evacuated’if it
finishes a move touching the Settlement
edge of the battlefield.

A population marker is ‘reaped’ if there
are more models from the Idoneth
Deepkin player’s army than there are
models from the Guardian player’s
army within 3" of the centre of the
marker at the end of a turn. Remove a
population marker when it is reaped.

SET-UP

First, set up the three population
markers. The first is placed at the
centre of the battlefield; the other two
are placed halfway between the centre
objective and one of the narrow edges
of the battlefield, as shown on the map.

The players then alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with the

The purpose of an Idoneth Deepkin
raid is terrifyingly simple – to harvest
souls from the races on land and
transport
them back to the Idoneth’s
enclave. Faced with a fate worse than
death, opponents must do everything
in their power to save their people
from the Idoneth by escorting them
to safety.

THE ARMIES

One player commands an army of
Idoneth Deepkin, and the other
commands an army of Guardians.

Designer’s Note: The narrative for this
battleplan makes most sense when the
Guardians are from the ORDER Grand
Alliance, but any army can be used
if necessary.

IDONETH
DEEPKIN
PLAYER’S OBJECTIVES

You have reached the outskirts of an
enemy settlement, where the brightness
of the inhabitants’ soul-force calls out
to you. Lead your army in an all-
out attack and reap as many souls as
possible for your enclave.

GUARDIAN
OBJECTIVES

PLAYER’S

The army in front of you has come from
the sea and, according to fragmented
reports,
is intent on abducting those in
your charge. You must do everything
in your power to rescue the population
from the invaders by evacuating them
to a nearby fortified settlement.

104


PAGEBREAK
the player with the higher score wins
a major victory. Any other result is
a draw.

Guardian player. Units must be set
up wholly within their own territory,
more than 6" from any enemy models.
Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies. If one
player finishes first, the opposing player
can set up the rest of their units, one
after another.

FIRST TURN

The Idoneth Deepkin player has the
first turn in the first battle round.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age of

Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, the battle
continues until no population markers
remain on the battlefield. Victory
points are then used to determine
the winner.

The Idoneth Deepkin player scores
1 victory point for each population
marker that was reaped, and the
Guardian player scores 1 victory
point for each population marker
that was evacuated. If a player beats
their opponent’s score by 1 point,
the
player with the higher score wins a
minor victory. If a player beats their
opponent’s score by 2 or more points,

105


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

THE PURSUIT

THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents a coastal
area near an inhabited settlement
that
was recently subjected to an Idoneth
Deepkin raid. One narrow table edge
represents the shoreline, which the
Idoneth Deepkin army must reach in
order to escape.

Players can choose to set up
any scenery as described on the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules sheet,

or use the example scenery shown on
the map.

SET-UP

The Pursuer player must split their
army into a pursuit
force and a
blocking force. To do so, they must
first roll a D3; the result is the
maximum number of units they can
have in the blocking force. All of the
remaining units in their army are in the
pursuit force.

The Pursuer player must now set up
their blocking force. Units from the
blocking force must be placed wholly
within the blocking force’s territory (see
the map). Next, the Idoneth Deepkin
player sets up their army, wholly within
their territory and more than 9" from
enemy territory. Finally, the Pursuer
sets up their pursuit
force, wholly
within the pursuit
force’s territory.

Having reaped a rich harvest of new
souls, an Idoneth Deepkin army will
quickly disengage and return to the
dark waters. Sometimes, however, a
particularly canny foe may attempt
to prevent their escape by placing a
blocking force in their path.

THE ARMIES

One player commands an army of
Idoneth Deepkin, and the other
commands an army of Pursuers.

IDONETH
DEEPKIN
PLAYER’S OBJECTIVES

Your soul-raid has been successful, and
now you must return to your enclave
with the souls you have acquired.
However, you are being hotly pursued,
and must escape from those on your
heels with all haste.

PURSUER
PLAYER’S
OBJECTIVES

The strange creatures that have attacked
you are now in full retreat, seemingly
intent on returning to the ocean depths.
They must be punished severely for the
insult of attacking your strongholds!

106


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

FIRST TURN

Roll off to determine who has the first
turn in the first battle round.

ESCAPE TO THE SEA

In the Idoneth Deepkin player’s hero
phase, any units from their army that
are wholly within 9" of the Shoreline
can exit the battlefield and escape to
the sea. The Idoneth Deepkin player
can choose which units (if any) leave
the battle. Models in units that exit the
battlefield are removed from play, but
do not count as slain or fleeing.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, the battle
continues until no units from the
Idoneth Deepkin player’s army remain
on the battlefield. Victory points are
then used to determine the winner.

The Idoneth Deepkin player scores 1
victory point for each of their units that
has escaped to the sea. They receive a
bonus of D6 victory points at the end of
the battle for each Isharann Soulreaper
that escaped to the sea.

The Pursuer player scores 1 victory
point for each unit from the Idoneth
Deepkin player’s army that was slain
during the battle. They receive a bonus
of D6 victory points at the end of the
battle for each Isharann Soulreaper that
was slain.

If a player beats their opponent’s score
by 2-3 points,
the player with the
higher score wins a minor victory. If a
player beats their opponent’s score by
4+ points,
the player with the higher
score wins a major victory. Any other
result is a draw.

107


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY CAMPAIGNS

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of
Sigmar. Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking
advantage of this age of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part
in a Path to Glory
campaign, you will need two or more
players. All players will need to have at
least one HERO, who is their champion,
and must
then create a warband to
follow and fight beside their champion
during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
will gain their warband favour. The
warband will swell in numbers as more
warriors flock to their banner, while
existing troops become more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you will be granted
a final test. Succeed, and your glory will
be affirmed for all time, and you will be
crowned as the victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner.
Instead, your army
consists of a mighty champion battling
to earn the favour of the gods, and their
entire band of loyal followers. As you
wage war against other warbands, your
own warband will grow, and existing
units will become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND

ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which you
can download for free from
games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its own
set of warband tables that are used
to generate the units in the warband
and the rewards they can receive
for fighting battles. The warband
tables included in this battletome
let you collect a warband with the
Idoneth Deepkin allegiance, but

other Warhammer Age of Sigmar

publications include warband tables
to let you collect other warbands
from the Grand Alliances of ORDER,

CHAOS, DEATH and DESTRUCTION.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion you
choose will determine the number
of followers in your warband. Give
your champion a suitably grand
name, and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the
next step is to generate your starting
followers. These can be chosen
from the followers tables for your
allegiance. If your allegiance has
more than one followers table you
can freely choose which ones you
use, selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate and
roll on the followers tables instead.
To make a followers roll, pick a
column from one of the followers
tables and then roll a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be organised
into units. The follower table tells
you how many models the unit
has. Follower units cannot
include
additional models, but
they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Chaos warband
followers can only be given the mark
of their champion’s patron. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’sReward. No
champion or unit can start
the Path
to Glory campaign with more than
one reward each.

108


PAGEBREAK
6. Finally, give your warband a name,
one that will inspire respect and
dread in your rivals. Your warband is
now complete, and you can fight your
first battle. Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against other
warbands taking part
in the campaign.
You can fight battles as and when you
wish, and can use any of the battleplans

available for Warhammer Age of

Sigmar. There are some battleplans, for

example in the General’sHandbook ,

that have been designed specificallyfor
use in Path to Glory campaigns.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their full roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit
is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is
assumed that
they were merely injured,
and they are back to full strength for
your next game, thirsty for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign are
vying for glory. The amount of glory
they have received is represented by
the Glory Points that
the warband has
accumulated. Glory can be increased
by fighting and winning battles, as
described next. As a warband’s glory
increases, it will also attract additional
followers, and a warband’s champion
may be granted rewards.

Warbands
receive Glory Points after a
battle is complete. If the warband drew
or lost the battle, it receives 1 Glory
Point. If it won the battle, it receives D3
Glory Points (re-roll a result of 1 on the
D3 if you won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster. Once
you have won 10 Glory Points, you will
have a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

REWARDS

OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a dice to
determine which option to take (1-2 =
Additional Followers, 3-4 = Champion’s
Reward, 5-6 = Follower’sReward).

1 Additional Followers:More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or roll for a
random one from a follower table,
then add it to your warband roster.
You can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from any of
the follower tables from an allied
warband table i.e. a warband table
whose allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own. In either
case, if you wish to add a unit from
a follower table that requires more
than ‘1 roll’,you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if you
do not have enough Glory Points,
you cannot choose a unit from such
a table). Once 5 new units have
joined your warband, you will have
a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

109

2 Champion’s Reward:Your

champion’s prowess grows. Roll on
your allegiance’schampion rewards
table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
champion has already received, roll
again until you get a different result.

3 Follower’s Reward:Your warriors

become renowned for mighty deeds.
Pick a unit of followers (not one
from an allied warband table), then
roll on your allegiance’sfollowers
rewards table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
unit has already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path to
Glory campaign; either by Blood or by
Might. To win by Blood your warband
must first have 10 Glory Points. To win
by Might your warband must have at
least 5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must
then fight and win
one more battle to win the campaign. If
the next battle you fight is tied or lost,
you do not receive any Glory Points –
just keep on fighting battles until you
either win the campaign… or another
player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising the
number of Glory Points needed to win
by Blood, or the numbers of extra units
that must
join it to win by Might. For
example, for a shorter campaign, you
could say that a warband only needs 5
Glory Points before the final fight, or
for a longer one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH
WARBAND

DEEPKIN
TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make
up the units which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

Followers

3 units

4 units

4 units

CHAMPION

TABLE

Champion

Akhelian King

Isharann Tidecaster

Isharann Soulscryer

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-4

5-6

Followers

10 Namarti Thralls

10 Namarti Reavers

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

Followers

1-2

3-4

5-6

3 Akhelian MorrsarrGuard

3 Akhelian Ishlaen Guard

1 Akhelian Allopex

HERO FOLLOWER TABLE

D6

1-6

Followers

1 Soulrender

MONSTER TABLE

(uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

1-6

Followers

1 Akhelian Leviadon

FOLLOWERS REWARDS

TABLE

D6
1

2

3

Reward

Bodyguard: Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
melee weapons from this unit while the unit
is wholly
within 9" of your champion.

Deadly: Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for this unit
combat phase.

in the

Cruel: Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this unit
combat phase.

in the

110

4

5

6

Swift:Add 2" to this unit’s Move characteristic.

Resilient: Re-roll save rolls of 1 for this unit.

Veterans: You can re-roll one failed hit, wound or
save roll for this unit each turn.


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION

REWARDS

TABLE

2D6 Result
2

Legacy of Slaanesh:You lose 1 Glory Point. In
addition, your champion cannot gain any further
rewards for the rest of the campaign.

3

4

Hungry for Souls: Roll a dice for your champion in
each of their hero phases. On a roll of 5 or 6, they are
overcome by an uncontrollable desire to reap as many
souls as possible – your champion can run and charge
in this turn, and you can re-roll hit and wound rolls
of 1 for them until your next hero phase. However,
your champion must finish any moves that
they make
closer to the nearest enemy model than they were at
the start of the move.

Sea Guardians:Once per battle, in the combat phase,
your champion can call down a shoal of ethereal
spirit guardians to harry the foe. If they do so, for that
combat phase, subtract 1 from the hit rolls of enemy
models within 6" of your champion.

5

Master-crafted Weapon: Pick one weapon used by

your champion (it cannot be a weapon used by a
mount). Add 1 to hit rolls for that weapon.

6

Vengeful Blow: You can add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of one successful attack made by your
champion in each combat phase. Add D3 to the
Damage characteristic instead if the target has the
SLAANESHkeyword.

7

8

Unnatural Swiftness:Add 2 to run and charge rolls
you make for your champion.

Regal Bearing:Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic
of your champion. In addition, add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of units from your warband that are
wholly within 12" of your champion.

9

Extraordinary Endurance:Add 1 to your

champion’s Wounds characteristic.

10

Tidal Magic: If your champion is a Tidecaster, add 1
to casting and unbinding rolls for your champion. If
your champion is not a Tidecaster, pick a spell from
the Lore of the Deeps (pg 92); once per battle, in
your hero phase, your champion can attempt
to cast
that spell.

11

Noble Blood: Roll a dice each time a wound or
mortal wound is allocated to your champion. On a
6+, that wound is negated.

12

Lord of the Perpetual Deep: Roll a dice in your hero

phase if your champion has been slain. On a 4+, your
champion is reborn. Set up your champion anywhere
on the battlefield that
is within 1" of a Gloomtide
Shipwreck and more than 6" from any enemy
models. This counts as your champion’s move for the
following movement phase.

111


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

UNDERSEA

ATTACKERS

The Idoneth Deepkin player sets up
their warband second. Models in the
their warband must be set up wholly in
the sea.

FIRST TURN

Once both warbands have been set up,
roll a dice. On a 1-2 the Seafarer player
has the first turn in the first battle
round. On a 3+, the Idoneth Deepkin
player has the first turn in the first
battle round.

DIVING DOWN

At the start of their hero phase, the
Idoneth Deepkin player can declare
that any friendly units that are wholly
in the sea are going to dive beneath
the waves. Remove any units that do
so from the battlefield. They must
resurface at the end of that
turn’s
movement phase, wholly in the sea and
more than 9" from any enemy models.

BOARDING

THE SHIP

Models that are in the sea can only
attack models that are on the ship with
missile weapons and spells. By the same

token, models that are on the ship can
only attack models that are in the sea
with missile weapons and spells.

IDONETH DEEPKINmodels that start
any sort of move in the sea are allowed
to board the ship when they move.
However, you must subtract 1 from
the hit rolls of melee weapons used by
models that boarded the ship in the
same turn.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, this battle
is fought to control
two objectives.
These are located at the centre of the
ship, roughly where its masts would
be located, as shown on the map.
The objectives can be represented by
suitable markers, such as coins. When
measuring distances to objectives,
measure to and from the centre of
the marker.

At the end of each turn, you must
check to see which player controls the

The oceans of the Mortal Realms
are anything but safe. Those that
ply the sea-lanes risk being sunk in
terrible storms, swallowed whole by
monstrous sea creatures, or attacked
and boarded by warriors that
live
beneath the waves.

PATH TO GLORY

Use the Path to Glory rules from pages
108-111.

THE ARMIES

Each player must field a warband
from a Path to Glory campaign. One
player must have an Idoneth Deepkin
warband, and their opponent must
have a warband of Seafarers that doesn’t
include any Idoneth Deepkin.

THE BATTLEFIELD

This battle takes place upon a large
ship and in the surrounding sea. The
map below shows which part of the
battlefield represents the ship, and
which represents the sea. You may wish
to mark the sides of the ship with tape
or string. Use any suitable models from
your collection to represent features
that are on the deck of the ship.

In this battle, only IDONETH DEEPKIN
models and models that can fly are
allowed to move onto or across the
sea – anybody else that does so drowns
and is slain.

SET-UP

Do not use the set-up instructions on

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules

sheet. Instead, the Seafarer player’s
warband is set up first. Models in their
warband must be set up wholly on
the ship.

112


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

objectives. A player gains control of
an objective if more of their models
are within 3" of that objective than
models belonging to their opponent.
Once a player controls an objective, it
remains under
their control until
their
opponent
is able to gain control of it
as described above. A unit’s models
can only be counted towards gaining
control of one objective per turn.
If a
model could be counted towards more
than one objective, its player must
pick which one the model is counted
towards that
turn.

The game ends at the end of the fifth
battle round. The Idoneth Deepkin
player wins a major victory if they are
in control of both objectives, and the
Seafarer player wins a major victory
if the Idoneth Deepkin player controls
neither objective. Any other result is
a draw.

SKIRMISH VARIANT

If you have Warhammer Age of Sigmar: Skirmish , then this battleplan is very
easily adapted for use in Skirmish games. Just choose warbands as described
in the Skirmish rules, then fight the battle using the rules in this battleplan and
the map below. Whoever controls the sole objective at the end of the fifth battle
round is the winner.

113


PAGEBREAK
IDONETH

DEEPKIN TACTICS

Collecting your army is just the beginning. Whether you have a small raiding force or a massive
invading army that will make the surface dwellers quake in terror, there are many ways to use your
Idoneth Deepkin Citadel Miniatures in games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

Doing well with any army takes
practice and patience – the more you
use your army, the more victories you
will be able to boast. However, the hints
and tips on the following pages will
give you some idea of the strategies and
tactics you can use.

When you first start using an Idoneth
army, take care to read the warscrolls
for the units you are using very
carefully. In particular, watch out for
abilities that allow one unit
to improve
the performance of another. For
example, you can re-roll wound rolls
of 1 for Idoneth units that are within

9" of an Eidolon of Mathlann in the
Aspect of the Storm, and re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for Idoneth units within 6"
of an Akhelian King. Keep in mind
these abilities when you deploy your
army, so that you get the most from
your units. You should also study the
warscroll battalions that are available to
an Idoneth army, to see if there are any
you can use with the units you have in
your collection.

You can use the Idoneth Deepkin’s
powerful allegiance abilities as long
as all of the models in your army
are Idoneth or their allies. Of these,

the Forgotten Nightmares and
Tides of Death battle traits are the
most important.

Forgotten Nightmares forces your
opponent
to target
the closest Idoneth
unit with their missile weapons. Use
this ability to shield powerful units
from enemy fire by placing other units
between them and the enemy. Large
units of Namarti Thralls and Reavers
make a good screen that can protect
less expendable troops from harm.
Leviadons are also a good choice, their
thick shells making them a difficult
target for your opponent
to harm.

114


PAGEBREAK
The Tides of Death battle trait
is even
more powerful, though it will take
some practice to learn how to get the
most from it. It confers a special ability
depending on the battle round:
in the
first round your units will be shielded
from harm,
in the second round they
can run and still attack, in the third
round they will strike before the enemy
in close combat, and in the fourth
round they can retreat and still attack.

Keep the Tides of Death abilities in
mind when you plan what to do at
the start of the battle and each round.
In general, you will want to use the
first two battle rounds to advance and
surround the foe, before delivering
a hammer blow of assaults in the
third round. You can then reposition
your troops in the following round,
withdrawing from fights you cannot
win, and reinforcing combats where
you can overwhelm the foe. As you
gain more experience, you will learn

how to use Tides of Death in other, far
more cunning, ways!

Apart from these battle traits, the
Idoneth allegiance abilities give you
access to sets of command traits,
magical artefacts, spells and rituals,
which can be used to make the heroes
in your army more powerful. For
example, you can give your general one
of the six command traits to use during
a battle, while Idoneth wizards can be
given one extra spell each from the
Lore of the Deeps list, and one Isharann
hero can perform a ritual at the start of
each turn.

Read through the rules for these
abilities in advance, and picking out
the ones you will use before the battle
starts. This will allow you time to
ponder which command trait, artefact,
spell or ritual you think will best suit
the models in your collection and the
tactics you want to use.

For example, if your army is led by
an Akhelian King, and you want to
make him deadly in close combat,
you can give him the Unstoppable
Fury command trait and the Potion
of Hateful Frenzy artefact, while if
you want to make sure that he is very
hard to kill, you can give him the Born
From Agony command trait and the
Armour of the Cythai. Your choices
will determine how you use that model
– either as a hammer
to smite your
enemies, or an anvil that stops the foe
in its tracks.

The same principle applies to choosing
spells and rituals. The Tide of Fear
spell is perfect for weakening large
units, while Steed of Tides allows you
to quickly reposition heroes. Isharann
Rituals, on the other hand, are few in
number and therefore easy to pick, but
they really require you to have three or
more Isharann heroes in your army if
you want them to be effective.

ALLIES

The Pitched Battle profiles on page 136 list all of the
factions that can ally with an Idoneth Deepkin army. You
can include allied units in your army and still use the
Idoneth’s allegiance abilities, which opens up a wide range
of options you might want to try out. For a start, and most
importantly,
if there is a model in an allied army that
you think is amazing, you can add it to your collection
and use it as part of your Idoneth army. This is a great
way of starting a new army – first using models as allies,
then fielding them as a full army once you have enough.
Secondly, allies allow you to use additional
tactics. You
might
include a Shadowblade Assassin in your army, for
example, whose ability to suddenly appear from nowhere
and attack an enemy unit could well come as a very nasty
surprise to your opponent!

115


PAGEBREAK
When the Idoneth Deepkin go to
war, they are surrounded by a sea of
swirling arcane energy that empowers
them while at the same time serving
to confound and confuse the foe.
This magical ocean can also cause
manifestations of the Idoneth’s
undersea environment
to appear on
the battlefield.

The Ethersea allegiance ability allows
you to set up one or two Etheric Vortex
terrain features before the battle begins.
The scenery warscroll for a Gloomtide
Shipwreck on page 95 is an example of
an Etheric Vortex terrain feature, and
this model makes a powerful addition
to any Idoneth Deepkin army.

A single Gloomtide Shipwreck model
can be used to create two small Etheric
Vortex terrain features or a single large
one. If you only have one Gloomtide
Shipwreck in your collection, it will
usually be best to create two small
terrain features; if you have two
Gloomtide Shipwrecks, it can be
advantageous to make two large terrain
features instead.

Each Gloomtide Shipwreck terrain
feature provides protection to Idoneth
Deepkin units, and is harmful
to other
units. You can use these features to
create powerful defensive positions
for your own units, and obstacles to
disrupt your opponent’s army. For

example, if you wanted to capture
an objective, placing a Gloomtide
Shipwreck near to it would make it
easier for your own army to hold onto
the objective, while making it harder
for your opponent
to capture it.

Gloomtide Shipwrecks are set up
before the territories for each army
are chosen, so you should take time
to consider carefully where you place
them. Sometimes the players’ starting
territories will have little impact on
where the Gloomtide Shipwrecks
should be set up, while at other times
you will need to place them so that
they are equally as effectivewherever
you deploy.

116


PAGEBREAK
IONRACH

Because of their Strong in Magic ability, the wizards of an Ionrach enclave army are
amongst
the most powerful of their kind. Because of this, you should always try to
include as many wizards as possible in such an army, and consider carefully which
Lore of the Deep spells you will give them. In addition to this, the Emissary of the
Deep Places command trait means that
the general of an Ionrach enclave army
allows allies to use the Tides of Death table. This means that you can include allied
units in your army that have strengths and abilities that
the Idoneth themselves do
not possess, while still getting the full benefit of the Tides of Death rules for all of
the units in your army.

MOR’PHANN

Armies chosen from Mor’phann enclave are resilient and hard to kill. The Freezing
Mists spell that
is available to their Tidecasters can stop an attack in its tracks,
allowing the Mor’phann to avoid combat with powerful units while they deal
with the rest of the enemy army. With the Soul-magic Adepts ability, Mor’phann
Soulrenders are skilled at preserving the lives of their Namarti, especially when they
are taken as part of a Narmarti Corps and allowed to resurrect 3 slain Namarti
in
their hero phase (for a total of 6 slain models altogether!). Mor’phann is therefore
an ideal enclave to use if you have a large number of Namarti and Soulrenders in
your collection.

BRIOMDAR

A Briomdar enclave army is fast-moving and manoeuvrable. All units can pass over
terrain features without having to slow down, making the army much more agile
than those from other enclaves. Briomdar Soulscryers are exceptionally talented
when they use their Finder of Ways ability, and can be used to lead a large part of
the army to encircle the foe. By combining these two abilities and taking a Briomdar
Namarti Corps battalion, you can quickly surround an opponent with a host of
fast-moving Namarti Reavers that are almost impossible to pin down, and that can
unleash a deadly hail of fire from their Whisperbows. The Reavers’fire can be made
even more deadly by giving the Soulscryer the Auric Lantern artefact.

FUETHÁ N

A Fuethán enclave army is an ideal choice if you have a large number of Akhelian
models in your collection. The beasts they ride are aggressive, their Fiercest of
Creatures ability allowing you to re-roll wound rolls of 1 for their close combat
attacks. Even more potent
is the Revel in Slaughter ability, which means that
the
Flood Tide ability from the Tides of Death table is used in battle rounds two and
four, allowing Fuethán troops to run and still charge or shoot
in both rounds. This
is especially effectivewhen it is used with units of Akhelian Morrsarr Guard, who
receive a bonus to their weapon’s Rend and Damage characteristics on any turn in
which they make a charge move.

117


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

The warriors and creatures that battle in the Mortal Realms are incredibly diverse, and to represent
this, every model has a warscroll that lists the characteristics,weapons and abilities that apply to it.

Every Citadel Miniature in the
Warhammer
range has its own
warscroll, which provides you with all
of the information needed to use that
model
of Sigmar. More information about
what a warscroll contains, along with a
number of hints and tips for their use,
can be found on the page opposite.

in a game of Warhammer Age

In addition, you can organise the
units in your army into a special type
of formation by using a warscroll
battalion. Doing so will give you access

to additional abilities that can be used
by the units in the battalion.

When you are setting up, you can
set up all of the units in a warscroll
battalion instead of setting up a single
unit. Alternatively, you can set up some
of the units from a warscroll battalion,
and set up any remaining units
individually later on, or you can set up
all of the units individually.

Usually, a unit can only belong to
one battalion, and so can only benefit

from a single set of battalion abilities.
However, some very large battalions
include other, smaller battalions, and
in this case it is possible for a unit
to benefit from the abilities of two
different battalions at the same time.

The key below explains what you will
find on a warscroll battalion.

1. Title: The name of the warscroll battalion and a short overview
of the background for it and how it fights.

2. Organisation: This section lists the units that make up the
warscroll battalion and any restrictions that may apply to the
models that you can include.

3. Abilities: Every warscroll battalion includes one or more
abilities that some or all of the units from the battalion can
use. The abilities listed for a warscroll battalion only apply to
the units that make it up (even if there are other units of the
same type in your army). These abilities are in addition to the
abilities listed on the units’ warscrolls.

4. Allegiance: If a battalion has an allegiance, its units can be
included in an army that has that allegiance even if they do not
have that keyword on their warscroll. However, its units only
benefit from that army’s allegiance abilities if they have the
appropriate keyword on their warscroll. A battalion can still be
part of any allegiance that all its units have on their warscrolls.

118


PAGEBREAK
Modifiers:Many warscrolls include
modifiers that can affect characteristics.
For example, a rule might add 1 to
the Move characteristic of a model, or
subtract 1 from the result of a hit roll.
Modifiers are cumulative.

Random Values: Sometimes, the

Move or weapon characteristics on a
warscroll will have random values. For
example, the Move characteristic for
a model might be 2D6 (two dice rolls
added together), whereas the Attacks
characteristic of a weapon might be D6.

When a unit with a random Move
characteristic is selected to move in
the movement phase, roll the indicated
number of dice. The total of the dice
rolled is the Move characteristic for all
models in the unit for the duration of
that phase.

Generate any random values for a
weapon (except Damage) each time it
is chosen as the weapon for an attack.
Roll once and apply the result to all
such weapons being used in the attack.
The result applies for the rest of that
phase. For Damage, generate a value for
each weapon that
inflicts damage.

When to Use Abilities: Abilities that

are used at the start of a phase must be
carried out before any other actions.
By the same token, abilities used at
the end of the phase are carried out
after all normal activities for the phase
are complete.

If you can use several abilities at the
same time, you can decide in which
order they are used. If both players can
carry out abilities at the same time, the
player whose turn is taking place uses
their abilities first.

1. Title: The name of the model that
the warscroll describes.

2. Characteristics: This set of

characteristics tells you how fast,
powerful and brave the model
is,
and how effective its weapons are.

3. Description: The description tells
you what weapons the model can
be armed with, and what upgrades
(if any) it can be given. It will also
tell you if the model is fielded on
its own, or as part of a unit. If the
model is fielded as part of a unit,
then the description will say how
many models the unit should have
(if you don’t have enough models to
field a unit, you can still field it with
as many as you have available).

119

Save of ‘-’:Some models have a Save of
‘-’.This means that
they automatically
fail all save rolls (do not make the roll,
even if modifiers apply).

Keywords:Keywords are sometimes
linked to (or tagged) by a rule. For
example, a rule might say that
it
applies to ‘allNAMARTI models’. This
means that
it would apply to models
that have the NAMARTI keyword on
their warscroll.

Minimum Range:Some weapons have
a minimum range. For example 6"-48".
The weapon cannot shoot at an enemy
unit
that
is within the minimum range.

Weapons: Some models can be armed
with two identical weapons. When the
model attacks with these weapons, do
not double the number of attacks that
the weapons make; usually, the model
gets an additional ability instead.

4. Abilities: Abilities are things that
the model can do during a game
that are not covered by the standard
game rules.

5. Keywords: All models have a list of
keywords. Sometimes a rule will say
that
it only applies to models that
have a specific keyword.

6. Damage Table: Some models

have a damage table that
is used
to determine one or more of the
model’s characteristics. Look up
the number of wounds the model
has suffered to find the value of the
characteristic in question.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

IDONETH

DEEPKIN

ROYAL COUNCIL

The leadership of the Idoneth Deepkin is composed of a powerful triumvirate that combines both
might and magic. It is these individuals that relentlessly drive the phalanx to victory, never forgetting
the dire need that brings the Idoneth out of the safety of their reclusive depths.

ORGANISATION

The Royal Council consists of the
following units:

•
•
•

1 AKHELIANKING

1 Isharann Tidecaster
1 Isharann Soulscryer

COMMAND

ABILITY

Give Them No Respite: The Akhelian King and his councillorsunderstand the vital
importance of the raid their army is carrying out, and will not allow the warriors
under their command to tarry for even a moment.

You can use this command ability in your hero phase if the Akhelian King from this
battalion is your general, and the Isharann Tidecaster and Isharann Soulscryer from
this battalion are within 3" of the general. If you do so, pick up to three friendly
IDONETH DEEPKINunits that are wholly within 12" of your general. Add 3" to the
Move characteristic of the units you pick until your next hero phase.

120


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

IDONETH

DEEPKIN

AKHELIAN CORPS

The Akhelians are the sharpened tip of the Idoneth Deepkin army. Drawn from the battalions that
make up the phalanx, the Akhelian Corps are a battle-hardenedwing of fast-moving sea cavalry. Their
charge crashes upon the enemy with line-breaking force.

ORGANISATION

An Akhelian Corps consists of the
following units:

•
•
•

1 Akhelian Leviadon

2-4 units of AKHELIANGUARD

1-2 units of Akhelian Allopexes

ABILITIES

Pulsing Rhythm of the Drums: The pounding rhythm beat out by the void
drummers mounted atop the Leviadon inspires nearby warriors to perform
extraordinary feats of valour.

Once per phase, you can re-roll one hit, wound, save, run, or charge roll for one
unit from this battalion that
is wholly within 12" of the Akhelian Leviadon from
this battalion when the re-roll is made.

121


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

IDONETH

DEEPKIN

NAMARTI

CORPS

The Namarti are skilled warriors that form the backbone of the Idoneth Deepkin armies, with their
corps counting for half the full strength of a phalanx. Each corps is led to battle by a Soulrender, who
can revive the fallen to rejoin the battle.

ORGANISATION

A Namarti Corps consists of the
following units:

•
•
•

1 Isharann Soulrender
2-6 units of Namarti Thralls
2-4 units of Namarti Reavers

ABILITIES

Soul Bond: Ancient rituals of servitude are used to bind the Namarti
Isharann Soulrender that
leads them.

to the

If the Isharann Soulrender from this battalion uses their Lurelight ability on a
NAMARTI unit from this battalion,
the D3 roll to determine how many models are
returned to the Namarti unit
is treated as being a roll of 3 (there is no need to roll
the dice).

122


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

IDONETH

DEEPKIN

PHALANX

Fast and flexible, an Idoneth Deepkin phalanx is an ideal force for soul-raiding. The Namarti corps
advance under the protective cover of the Tidecaster’smagic, while the King waits for the perfect
moment to unleash the undeniable charge of the Akhelian Corps.

ORGANISATION

A Phalanx consists of the
following warscroll battalions:

•
•
•

1 Royal Council
2-4 Akhelian Corps
2-4 Namarti Corps

ABILITIES

Full Fury of the Storm: When they surface for battle, an Idoneth Deepkin
phalanx crashesagainst the foe again and again, pounding them apart in waves of
unrelenting fury.

If your army has the IDONETH DEEPKIN allegiance and includes this battalion,
then once per battle at the start of a battle round, you can choose to use the High
Tide ability from the Tides of Death table (pg 86) for that battle round instead of
the ability that would normally be used.

123


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

ALLIANCE OF WOOD

IDONETH

DEEPKIN

AND SEA

When old grievances and mutual mistrusts are set aside, the Idoneth Deepkin and the Sylvaneth can
combine to make a powerful force. Few foes can stand before the mystic powers of the woods and the
deep places, as sea monsters and living tree spirits fight side-by-side within the ethersea.

ABILITIES

Strength of the Ethersea:SYLVANETH units from this battalion have the Tides
of Death battle trait, and gain abilities from the Tides of Death table in the same
manner as IDONETH DEEPKINunits.

ORGANISATION

An Alliance of Wood and Sea
consists of the following units:

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

1 Isharann Tidecaster

2 units of AKHELIANGUARD

1 unit of Namarti Thralls
1 unit of Namarti Reavers
1 unit of Akhelian Allopexes
1 Branchwych
2 units of Dryads
1 Treelord Ancient

124


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

The battle was over. Radharcith gazed out over
the devastation. A vast swathe of the forest had
been cleared, and the ground was covered with
fallen trees – some uprooted by brute strength, others
burnt to stumps by eldritch fire. Amongst the branches
and splintered wood broken bodies lay strewn. Silently,
Dryads sifted through the wreckage.During the battle
Radharcith had seen the strength in the tree creatures’
gnarled limbs, but now he noticed how they lifted up
their fallen comrades with a gentleness he would not
have deemed possible just hours before. They cleared aelf
bodies with the same reverence with which they cared
for their own. The fallen Chaos creatures – whether
monster, beastman or tainted human – were left where
they lay, unless they needed to be kicked aside to clear
the way for the worthy dead.

The battle had been a near thing, thought Radharcith.
The Sylvaneth’sability to draw strength from the
ethersea had been a surprise to both sides. And after
witnessing the full fury of a Treelord roused to anger,

the Idoneth Deepkin were glad to find the giant on their
side. The Soulscryerwas shaken from his thoughts when
a voice rasped at his side, causing him to turn.

‘Your fallen,’ asked the Branchwych,whose voice was not
unlike the sound made by a hollow wood instrument.
‘How do you honour them?’she asked.

Radharcith shifted his mind, focusing his spirit sight
to sweep the battlefield once more, as only a Soulscryer
could. ‘We have collected their souls already,’he
replied. ‘I notice your people have done likewise. The
dead matter not to us – we will be gone shortly.’ The
Branchwychwatched him with unfathomable eyes.

‘We will return them to the ground along with our own
fallen,’ the Branchwychsaid. ‘Thecycle must continue.’
The ceremony was not brief, with many forlorn songs
of requiem and lamentation. It all meant nothing to
Radharcith, or any of the Idoneth, for they longed to
return to the solitude of their own darkness.

125


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

EIDOLON OF MATHLANN

ASPECT OF THE STORM

When the spirits of the Idoneth Deepkin’s ancestral dead are summoned in need, they form one of their race’smightiest champions –
an Eidolon of Mathlann. In its aspect of the storm an Eidolon of Mathlann is not only an idealised version of a forgotten god, but also
vengeance made manifest, an uncontrollable tempest that surges upwards before crashing upon the foe with tidal-wave force.

12

12"
3+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Fuathtar, Spear of Repressed Fury

Crulhook

Stormshoal

2"

1"

3"

4

4

2D6

3+

2+

4+

2+

3+

4+

-2

-1

-

2

1

1

DESCRIPTION

An Eidolon of Mathlann in its Aspect of the
Storm is a single model. It strikes at its foes with
a Fuathtar, Spear of Repressed Fury and ensnares
them with a Crulhook. At its side fights an ethereal
Stormshoal
that harries the Eidolon’s foes.

FLY

Eidolons of Mathlann can fly.

ABILITIES

Crashing Upon the Foe: The Eidolon surges up

into the sky before crashing down like a tidal wave,
reforming to dive again and again until nothing is
left of the enemy but soullesscorpses.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 and add 1 to the Damage
characteristic for this model’s Fuathtar, Spear
of Repressed Fury if this model made a charge
move in the same turn.
In addition,
this model
can charge in the same turn that
it made a retreat
move. Finally, heal D3 wounds allocated to this
model after it makes a charge move.

Drench with Hate: The mere presenceof an Eidolon
in its warrior aspect is enough to imbue nearby
Idoneth Deepkin with a fierce and bitter hate.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for friendly IDONETH
DEEPKINunits while they are within 9" of
this model.

Pulled Into the Depths: The viciously barbed

Crulhook can ensnare unfortunate foes.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick an
enemy HERO with a Wounds characteristic of less
than 8 that
is within 3" of this model. Subtract 1
from hit rolls for that HERO for the rest of that
combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,EIDOLON,HERO, ASPECTOF THE STORM

126


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

EIDOLON OF MATHLANN

ASPECT OF THE SEA

Protectors of the Idoneth Deepkin, the Eidolons of Mathlann are summoned spirit forms in the shape of a fallen sea god. In its aspect
of the sea, an Eidolon of Mathlann is a majestic phantom that harnesses the mystic bounty of the oceans, its magic able to lull the foe
asleep, heal wounded Idoneth, or send the enemy fleeing beneath a wave of purest terror.

12

10"
3+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Blasts of Abyssal Energy

MELEE WEAPONS

Psi-trident

Deep-sea Sceptre

Stormshoal

Range

15"

Range

2"

1"

3"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

D3

3+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3

3

2D6

3+

3+

4+

3+

3+

4+

Rend

-2

Rend

-2

-1

-

Damage

2

Damage

2

1

1

DESCRIPTION

An Eidolon of Mathlann in its Aspect of the Sea
is a single model. It can strike its foes from afar
with Blasts of Abyssal Energy unleashed from its
Psi-trident.
It can also use the Psi-trident
to stab
its foes in close combat, and can batter nearby
enemies with its Deep-sea Sceptre. At its side
fights an ethereal Stormshoal
that harries the
Eidolon’s foes.

FLY

Eidolons of Mathlann can fly.

ABILITIES

Dormant Energies:The Isharann aspect of an
Eidolon of Mathlann seetheswith suppressed
energies that
it can draw upon at need.

You can re-roll one casting roll for this model
in
each of your hero phases. If you do not re-roll a
casting roll, then you can heal D3 wounds allocated
to this model at the end of your hero phase instead.

Tranquility of the Abyss: An Eidolon in the aspect

of the sea radiates an aura of unnatural
tranquility,
calming any fears nearby Idoneth Deepkin
may harbour.

CLOYING SEA MISTS

The Eidolon brings forth cloying sea mists that
heal Idoneth Deepkin and send foes into a mystic
slumber from which they will never awake.

Add 3 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
IDONETH DEEPKINunits while they are within
9" of this model.

MAGIC

An Eidolon of Mathlann in its Aspect of the Sea
is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast two spells in
your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells
in the enemy hero phase. It knows the Arcane Bolt,
Mystic Shield, Cloying Sea Mists and Tsunami of
Terror
spells.

Cloying Sea Mists has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick a unit within 12" of the
caster and that
is visible to them. If the unit
is a
friendly IDONETH DEEPKINunit, you can heal
D3 wounds allocated to the unit. Any other unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

TSUNAMI OF TERROR

With a wave of its sceptre, the Eidolon sends forth
invisible waves of fear that cause even the bravest of
opponents to cower.

Tsunami of Terror has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick D6 enemy units within 12"
of the caster and that are visible to them. Subtract
1 from hit rolls made for those units, and 1 from
the Bravery characteristic of those units, until your
next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,EIDOLON,HERO,WIZARD, ASPECTOF THE SEA

127


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
WARSCROLL

VOLTURNOS

HIGH KING OF THE DEEP

High King Volturnos is a living legend, a warrior whose life of heroic deeds has spanned the ages. Riding to battle atop Uasall, a prince
amongst Deepmares, the High King’s presence upon the battlefield inspires not only the Ionrach enclave, but all Idoneth Deepkin.
With his sword, the Astra Solus or ‘blade of light’, Volturnos can cleave through any foe as he leads the Idoneth to victory.

8

14"
3+

8

MELEE WEAPONS

The Astra Solus

Uasall’s Fanged Jawand Talons

Uasall’s Lashing Tails

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2"

2"

5

3

3

3+

3+

3+

3+

3+

3+

-1

-1

-

D3

1

2

DESCRIPTION

Volturnos, High King of the Deep is a single model.
In one hand he wields the Astra Solus, while the
other holds the Cealith, the High King’s Shield.
He rides a mighty Deepmare, Uasall, that savages
his enemies with its Fanged Jaw and Talons, and
batters them with its Lashing Tails.

FLY

Volturnos, High King of the Deep can fly.

ABILITIES

The Astra Solus: When swung, the Astra Solus
leaves behind a scything blaze of light that pierces
metals, sea monster scalesand flesh with equal ease.

If a hit roll for the Astra Solus is 6+, that attack has
a Rend characteristic of -5 instead of -1.

The Crest of the High Kings: Volturnos rides

to battle wearing the Crest of the High Kings, a
majestic backbanner that reflects the inspirational
importance of the High King to the Idoneth.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
IDONETH DEEPKINunits while they are wholly
within 18" of this model.

Cealith, the High King’s Shield: Cealith is said

to have been crafted by Teclis himself. However it
was created, the mystical aura it projects guards the
bearer against malign magics.

You can roll a dice if this model
is affected by a
spell. If you do so, on a 3+ the spell has no effect
on this model (other units will be affected by the
spell normally).

First Among Akhelians: Volturnos is the greatest
Akhelian King to have ever lived. His supreme skill
and vast experience serve as an inspiration to all
members of the Idoneth’s warrior caste.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for friendly AKHELIANunits
while they are wholly within 18" of this model.

Deepmare Horn: Every Deepmare has a spiral horn
upon its head, which it uses to gore the foe when it
charges into combat.

Roll a dice if this model ends a charge move within
1" of any enemy units. On a 2+, the nearest enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

COMMAND

ABILITY

Supreme Lord of Tides: At

the High King’s
command his warriors will attack with unrelenting
fury if the tide is high.

You can use this command ability if Volturnus
is
your general and the High Tide ability from the
Tides of Death table applies for the battle round.
If you do so, pick up to 3 friendly IDONETH
DEEPKINunits wholly within 18" of Volturnus. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by those units until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,AKHELIAN,HERO, AKHELIANKING, VOLTURNOS

128


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

AKHELIAN KING

The Akhelian Kings are the military leaders of the Idoneth Deepkin. Atop a quick-moving Deepmare mount the king directs the
aelven phalanxes, using tactical knowledge gleaned from a long life of raids and war. More than just an inspiring presence, an
Akhelian King is a peerless blade master who is only too willing to fight from the front or lead the Idoneth charge.

7

14"
3+

8

MELEE WEAPONS

Bladed Polearm

Greatsword

Falchion

Deepmare’s Fanged Jawand Talons

Deepmare’s Lashing Tails

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1"

1"

2"

2"

3

4

3

3

3

3+

3+

3+

3+

3+

3+

3+

4+

3+

3+

-2

-1

-

-1

-

D3

D3

1

1

2

DESCRIPTION

An Akhelian King is a single model. In one hand
they wield either a Bladed Polearm or Greatsword,
and they hold a King’s Shield in the other. A light
Falchion is strapped to their back, which they can
use instead of their King’s Shield. Each rides a
mighty Deepmare that savages the King’s enemies
with its Fanged Jaw and Talons, and batters them
with its Lashing Tails.

FLY

Akhelian Kings can fly.

ABILITIES

Deepmare Horn: Every Deepmare has a spiral horn
upon its head, which it uses to gore the foe when it
charges into combat.

Roll a dice if this model ends a charge move within
1" of any enemy units. On a 2+, the nearest enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Akhelian Paragon: Each Akhelian King is a shining
example of his caste, a master of battle which all
other Akhelians strive to emulate in battle.

Wave Rider:When an Akhelian King charges
the foe, their rhomphaia hits with the power of a
crashing wave.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for friendly AKHELIANunits
while they are wholly within 12" of this model.

Storm of Blows: Sometimes an Akhelian King will
shoulder their shield and instead use their falchion
to attack the foe.

At the start of the combat phase, you can say that
this model will draw their Falchion. If you do so,
subtract 1 from save rolls for this model
in that
combat phase, but
this model can attack with its
Falchion in that combat phase. If you do not do so,
this model cannot attack with its Falchion in that
combat phase.

In the combat phase, this model’s Bladed Polearm
has a Damage characteristic of 3 if the model made
a charge move in the same turn.

COMMAND

ABILITY

Lord of Tides: At

the King’s command his warriors
will attack with unrelenting fury if the tide is high.

You can use this command ability if this model
your general and the High Tide ability from the
Tides of Death table applies for the battle round.
If you do so, pick a friendly IDONETH DEEPKIN
unit wholly within 12" of your general. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used by
that unit until your next hero phase.

is

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,HERO, AKHELIAN,AKHELIANKING

129


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ISHARANN

TIDECASTER

Summoners of the phantasmal seas and masters of the arcane energies of the deeps, Isharann Tidecasters are the most potent of
Idoneth Deepkin battle wizards. Theirs is the magic of the crushing depths and of the endless abyss of ultimate repression. Tidecasters
use their skills to soak foes with surging waves of fear or to drown them beneath the surging tides of the ethersea.

5

6"

7

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Pelagic Staff

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

3+

3+

-

D3

DESCRIPTION

An Isharann Tidecaster is a single model. They
smite their foes with sweeping blows of their
Pelagic Staff.

ABILITIES

Spirit Guardians:Isharann Tidecasters are
protected from harm by an ethereal manifestation of
creatures from their undersea domains.

The first wound allocated to this model each turn
is negated.

The Wide Ethersea:Isharann Tidecasters are the
Idoneth’s main practitioners of the arcane arts. It is
they who command the tidal magic that surrounds
an Idoneth army.

If this model
is the general of your army, at the
start of the first battle round you can declare that
the Tides of Death table will be reversed. If you do
so, the Ebb Tide ability is used in the first battle
round,
the High Tide ability is used in the second
battle round,
the Flood Tide ability is used in the
third battle round, and the Low Tide ability is used
in the fourth battle round. Then the four Tides of
Death steps are repeated in reverse order, starting
with Ebb Tide.

MAGIC

An Isharann Tidecaster is a WIZARD. They can
attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase, and
attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero
phase. They know the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Riptide spells.

RIPTIDE

The Tidecaster stares fixedly at their foes. The victim
strugglesfor breath, drowning in clear air.

Riptide has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster
that
is visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for that unit. In addition,
at the start of your next hero phase the unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,ISHARANN, HERO,WIZARD, TIDECASTER

130


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

ISHARANN

SOULSCRYER

Soulscryerswork their strange magics to navigate through the utter dark of the deep places. They can find hidden paths through the
shifting ethersea, leading Idoneth Deepkin troops to emerge from unexpected quarters. Their eldritch ability allows them to see souls
and to light up enemy units so they shine like beacons in the fog to the rest of the Idoneth army, making the foes easy prey.

5

6"

7

6+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Scryfish Shoal

MELEE WEAPONS

Finger-claw

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

8

5+

5+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3

3+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

An Isharann Soulscryer is a single model. They
fight with a deadly-sharp Finger-claw that can
slice through flesh. Every Isharann Soulscryer
is accompanied by an ethereal manifestation of
a shoal of Scryfish that can be directed by the
Soulscryer to attack even distant
foes.

ABILITIES

Finder of Ways: Soulscryersare the Idoneth’s
navigators, helping them divine a path through the
ethersea that will reach any destination.

friendly IDONETH DEEPKINunit,

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that
it is set up
travelling the ethersea. If you do so, when you would
set up another
instead of setting up the unit, you can say that
it is
joining this model in the ethersea. Up to 2 units can
join this model in this way. At the end of any of your
movement phases, you can set up this model wholly
within 6" of the edge of the battlefield and more than
9" from any enemy models; then set up any units
that
joined this model wholly within 6" of the edge
of the battlefield, wholly within 12" of this model,
and more than 9" from any enemy models.

Seeker of Souls: Isharann Soulscryerscan literally
see souls, and can direct their kin towards the
incandescent flare of a living being’s animus.

At the start of your charge phase, you can pick
one enemy unit within 24" of this model
that
is
visible to them. If you do so, you must add 3 to
charge rolls for friendly IDONETH DEEPKINunits
that are within 12" of that unit. However, the first
model
to be moved from each unit
that
receives
this modifier must finish their charge move within
½" of that unit or their charge will fail.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,ISHARANN, HERO, PRIEST, SOULSCRYER

ISHARANN

SOULRENDER

The most combative of the Isharann are the Soulrenders. They are the takers of souls, reapers who claim the life-spirits of the dead.
Eerie figures, Soulrenders bear scythe-like talúnhooks and are bathed in the fey glow of their helm-mounted lurelight. In battle their
mystic powers allow them to use their collected souls in order to revive Namarti fallen.

5

6"

8

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Talúnhook

Rakerdart’sSerratedBill

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

3"

2

D3

3+

3+

3+

3+

-1

-1

2

1

DESCRIPTION

An Isharann Soulrender is a single model. They
wield a fell Talúnhook that
rips flesh from the
bones of its target. Every Isharann Soulrender
is accompanied by a Rakerdart – an ethereal
manifestation of one of the hunting creatures
from their undersea domain – which strikes at the
Soulrender ’s enemies with its Serrated Bill.

ABILITIES

Lurelight:Isharann Soulrenders possessa mystical
lure that
is used to draw the souls of slain opponents
to the Soulrender so that
they can be captured
and imprisoned. The captive souls can be used to
resurrect the bodies of fallen Namarti, allowing
them to do battle once more.

At the end of your battleshock phase, pick a
friendly NAMARTI unit wholly within 12" of this
model and roll a D3. Return a number of slain
models to the unit you picked up to the value of
the roll. Add 1 to the D3 roll for each enemy model

that was slain by damage caused by this model’s
Talúnhook in the combat phase of the same turn.

Hangman’s Knot: The rope-catch on a Talúnhook
can be used to ensnare a victim, ensuring that
neither they nor their soul can escape.

At the start of the combat phase, pick an enemy
HERO that
is within 3" of this model and roll a dice.
Subtract 2 from the dice roll if the enemy HERO is a
MONSTER. On a 4+, you can re-roll failed hit rolls
for this model’s Talúnhook for attacks that
target
that enemy HERO in that combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,ISHARANN, HERO, SOULRENDER

131


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

AKHELIAN ALLOPEXES

Allopexes are vicious predators of the deep, known for their voracious appetites and savage blood frenzies. As Akhelian bond-
beasts, they are more dangerous still, boasting scythed fins and deadly back-mounted harpoon launchers. With bites that can sever a
gargant’s arm and the thrashing fury of their attack, even the bravest fear to see such finned menaces approach.

8

12"
4+

6

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Razorshell Harpoon Launcher
Retarius Net Launcher

24"
18"

3
1

3+
3+

3+
3+

-
-

1
3

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbed Hooks and Blades
Allopex’s Ferocious Bite
Allopex’s Scythed Fins

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"

5
1
4

3+
3+
3+

4+
3+
3+

-
-2
-1

1
3
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Akhelian Allopexes has 1 or more
models. The crew unleash long-range attacks, using
either volleys of bolts from a Razorshell Harpoon
Launcher or shredding nets fired from a Retarius
Net Launcher. The crew fight in close combat with
Barbed Hooks and Blades, while the Allopexes they
ride rip chunks of flesh from their prey with their
Ferocious Bites and cut
them to pieces with their
Scythed Fins.

FLY

Akhelian Allopexes can fly.

ABILITIES

Bloodthirsty Predators: Allopexes are ferocious

beasts drawn towards the scent of freshly spilt blood.

At the start of your charge phase, if this unit
is
within 12" of any enemy models that have been
allocated any wounds, you can re-roll charge rolls
for this unit
in that charge phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,AKHELIAN,MONSTER,ALLOPEX

LOTANN

WARDEN OF THE SOUL LEDGERS

Named the Warden of the Soul Ledgers,Lotann marches to war with every Idoneth enclave, not only his own Ionrach. So great is his
willpower, so vast is his desire to collect souls, that it manifests itself in the ethersea. This mystic cloud inspires all Idoneth Deepkin,
but especially Namarti, who will fight with renewed vigour in Lotann’s presence.

5

6"

7

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Bone Quill

Ochtar’sCudgel

Ochtar’sBlade

Ochtar’sTentacles

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

3"

3"

3"

1

1

1

6

3+

4+

3+

4+

5+

3+

4+

4+

-

-1

-1

-

1

2

1

1

DESCRIPTION

Lotann, Warden of the Soul Ledgers is a single
model. He rarely fights, but when he must he uses
his Bone Quill to stab at his foe. He is protected
by his Ochtar
familiar, which attacks any enemy
foolish enough to approach Lotann with its
Tentacles, and with the Cudgel and Blade it wields.

ABILITIES

Catalogue of Souls: The Soul Wardens

tally and
record the souls that are collectedby Idoneth
Deepkin armies. Their presence causes Idoneth
Deepkin warriors to fight all the harder, so that
quota of souls the Wardens
require is achieved.

the

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
IDONETH DEEPKINunits while they are wholly
within 12" of this model. In addition,
re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for friendly NAMARTI units while they
are wholly within 12" of this model.

Writhing Tentacles: It is almost impossible for a foe
to get past the writhing tentacles of a Soul Warden’s
guardian Ochtar.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+, the wound
is negated.

KEYWORDS

ORDER,AELF, IDONETH DEEPKIN,ISHARANN, SOULWARDEN, HERO, LOTANN

132


PAGEBREAK
