
PAGEBREAK
The Kharadron Overlords are masters of the
skies,
fearless duardin aeronauts who prize profit
above all. They sail
the clouds in steel-clad vessels
armed to the teeth with cannons, bombs and
bullet-spraying deckguns, matching the raw fury of
daemons and monsters with devastating firepower.
These technological wonders are powered by the
lighter-than-air mineral known as aether-gold – the
lifeblood of the great Kharadron empire.

The Age of Sigmar appeared to herald a time of
plenty for the Kharadron sky-ports. The mercantile
duardin forged prosperous new contracts and
alliances with the forces of Sigmar the God-King that
kept a constant stream of gold flooding into their
coffers. Yet a storm was looming on the horizon.
Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead, unleashed
the horror of the necroquake, and the tumultuous
ripples of this catastrophe rocked the Eight Realms.
Prosperous aether-gold deposits were displaced by
storms of raw magic, swept
into uncharted lands. The
sky-ports suffered greatly, as hosts of unquiet spirits
set upon their fleets and cut off precious trade lanes.

However,
in disaster there is opportunity. From the
bustling docks of the Kharadron’s floating cities
depart gleaming sky-fleets, armed for war and eager
to seek out precious new streams of aether-gold.
Ironclad ships of the line lead brave ventures into
the deadliest corners of the Eight Realms in search
of precious aether-gold,
following by sleek escort
gunships zipping between the flotilla like pilot
fish. From the decks of their flagships, Kharadron
Admirals drive their hearty crews on with promises
of unlimited wealth and everlasting fame.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

MASTERS OF THE SKIES ..............................4

RISE OF THE OVERLORDS .......................................8

The Breath of Grungni ......................................................12

STRIFE AND OPPORTUNITY .................................14

The Sky-ports ......................................................................16
Structured for Profit ..........................................................18
Annals of the Overlords ...................................................20
The Arkanaut Sky-fleets ....................................................22
Dwellings of the Kharadron ............................................24
Admirals and Warrant Officers .......................................28
Ironclads and Skyriggers ..................................................30
Frigates and Companies ...................................................32
The Grundcorps .................................................................34

DEATH FROM ABOVE .................................38

PRIDE OF THE SKY-PORTS .....................................50

PAINTING YOUR KHARADRON
OVERLORDS ..............................................................52

FORCES OF THE KHARADRON .............................60

Allegiance Abilities ...........................................................61
Battle Traits .........................................................................61
Command Traits ................................................................62
Artefacts of Power .............................................................64
Great Endrinworks ............................................................66
Barak-Nar ............................................................................68
Barak-Z ilfin ........................................................................69

Barak-Zon ...........................................................................70
Barak-Urbaz ........................................................................71
Barak-Mhornar ..................................................................72
Barak-Thryng......................................................................73
Battleplan: Prospectors Down! ........................................74

PATH TO GLORY .......................................................76

Kharadron Overlords Warband Tables ..........................78

WARSCROLLS ............................................................80

Grand Armada ...................................................................80
Iron Sky Command ...........................................................81
Iron Sky Attack Squadron ................................................81
Grundstok Escort Wing ...................................................81
Brokk Grungsson, Lord-Magnate of Barak-Nar ..........82
Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit ...................................84
Arkanaut Admiral .............................................................85
Aetheric Navigator ............................................................86
Endrinmaster with Endrinharness .................................87
Aether-Khemist ..................................................................87
Arkanaut Company ...........................................................88
Bjorgen Thundrik .............................................................89
Thundrik’s Profiteers .........................................................89
Arkanaut Ironclad .............................................................90
Arkanaut Frigate ................................................................91
Grundstok Gunhauler ......................................................92
Grundstok Thunderers .....................................................93
Endrinriggers .....................................................................94
Skywardens .........................................................................95

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES .................................96

PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER STUDIO

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Order Battletome: Kharadron Overlords © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2020. Order Battletome: Kharadron Overlords, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-83906-010-6

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
Led by the renowned Lord-Magnate Brokk Grungsson, an airfleet out of Barak-Nar descends from
the clouds intent on securing a mighty haul of aether-gold for its sky-por t.


PAGEBREAK
MASTERS OF THE SKIES

MASTERS OF THE SKIES

High above the clouds of the Mortal Realms there thrives an empire of unrivalled prosperity and aerial power.
Guided by the wisdom of their Code, the Kharadron Overlords send forth airship fleets to dominate the skyways –
all who challenge the Kharadron’s supremacy are quick to suffer the wrath of their techno-arcane war machines.

Bursting from the clouds on
contrails of vapour come squadrons
of broad-framed airships, their
aethercannons swivelling to bear
upon grounded foes before opening
fire with the fur y of a volcanic
eruption. Nimble escort ships dart
between the hulls of flying fortresses,
well-drilled gunners adding their
own withering volleys to the barrage.
The sheer devastation unleashed by
this considerable arsenal turns the
world to fire and smoke. Whatever
is left of the Kharadron’s
enemies
stagger from the inferno in time to
see the airships descend, spilling
battle-hardened crews of privateers
into the fray. Grizzled duardin sky-
dogs leap over the gunwales with
cutlasses drawn and shanties upon
their lips, eager to earn both glory
and a fine haul of plunder.

MERCANTILE MASTERS

The Kharadron Overlords are a
conglomerate of duardin powers
united by a shared legacy of sky
travel and a burning desire for the
miraculous resource known as
aether-gold, which powers their
empire. Unlike the majority of their
duardin kin, the Kharadron long
ago forsook their ancient mountain
holds, and took to the clouds upon
floating cities known as sky-ports.
There, they survived the devastation
of the Age of Chaos, cleaving to the
document known as the Kharadron
Code – an exhaustive set of
guidelines,
laws and transactional
rules that governs the often messy
business of commerce and dictates
the Overlords’ every decision.

For centuries the Kharadron dwelt
in isolation, trading amongst
themselves as their airfleets repelled
endless assaults from the daemonic
servants of the Dark Gods. When
Sigmar the God-King returned to
the realms at the dawn of a new age,
driving back the Chaos hordes and
erecting proud free cities amidst the
wilds of the realms, the Kharadron
sensed great opportunity. They

ended their isolation, setting their
devastating aerial firepower against
the enemies of civilisation, and
striking oaths of alliance with the
armies of the heavens. In Sigmar’s
rising empire, the Kharadron saw a
lucrative new trading partner, and
ever since their return, duardin
airships laden with rare and exotic
goods have become a common sight
in the docklands of many free cities.

Short and stocky, Kharadron are
comparable in stature to their
ground-dwelling kin, and possess
many similar traits; they are
stubborn, resilient as stone, and
take great pride in hard work and
iron discipline. However,
there
are also marked differences. For
one, the Kharadron largely scorn
organised worship, save for the
more traditionalist sky-ports
such as Barak-Thryng. Kharadron
acknowledge the presence of magic
and godly beings of course, but
they believe that there is a rational,
science-based formula behind all
outwardly inexplicable happenings.

Kharadron society is well ordered
and highly meritocratic. Each of
the sky-ports is governed by an
Admirals Council, which in turn
presides over a body of the six most
powerful guilds in that city. Every
single captain, guild, company and
council member is considered for

their position due to a combination
of their innate talent, professional
record and potential for increasing
their sky-port’s profits. The bottom
line is all that matters.

The image of Grungni – the
duardin smith-god – adorns many
Kharadron vessels and statues,
though to the majority of these
duardin he is more a sign of fortune
and a paternal ancestor-spirit
than
a figure of active worship in their
lives. If the tribulations of the Age
of Chaos taught the Kharadron
Overlords anything,
it was that they
must rely on their own ingenuity
and fortitude, and not upon the
benevolence of far-off deities.

Pragmatism also governs the
Kharadron’s
approach to matters
of honour. While they take sworn
oaths as seriously as any duardin,
the Kharadron are perfectly
willing to exploit loopholes and
technicalities in loosely worded
contracts to maximise their
advantage – and material gain
– in any situation.
‘Never sign a
Kharadron writ without reading it
ten thousand times’
is a common
saying amongst Dispossessed
clan-chiefs, and it is wise advice;
though the sky-duardin are
not callous beings, they display
a notoriously flexible moral
compass when it comes to matters
of business. As far as they are
concerned, anyone foolish enough
to sign a contract without
fully anticipating any and all
potential outcomes deserves no
sympathy whatsoever.

This mercenary attitude has caused
a deal of friction between the
Kharadron and representatives of
the free cities, but by and large the
relationship between the sky-ports
and their Sigmarite allies is cordial;
both benefit greatly from the
other’s presence, and rely on their
support in times of war. That said,
Kharadron look upon foreigners as


PAGEBREAK
somewhat naive and uneducated,
and many less scrupulous Captains
and Admirals have taken advantage
of their neighbours, charging
extortionate prices for much-needed
supplies, undermining their trading
partners whenever possible, and
making a ki l ling through the sale
of useless gewgaws that they claim
possess the power to ward off evil
spirits. The nefarious sky-port of
Barak–Mhornar has long been
suspected of involvement
in the
illicit trade of cursed artefacts and
other forbidden items funnelled
through the black markets of the free
cities, though its council has been
swift to deny these rumours.

‘Spectral entities shall not be

considered subject

to the rules of

engagement as dictated in the Third

Artycle of

the Code.

Additional: no contract of any kind

may be agreed with a party that cannot

take and hold a draught of kezraak in

confirmation of said arrangement.’

kezraak – Kharadron stout

- Amendment Thirty-seven to Ar tycle

Nine of

the Kharadron Code,

ratified

by the Admirals Council

in the

aftermath of

the Shyish necroquake

For all their cut-throat business
acumen, the Kharadron seldom risk
open war with their trading partners.
This is a stance born of cold logic
more than anything else, for the
Kharadron scorn decisions based on
emotion. They remember well the Age
of Chaos, when duardin stubbornness
and reluctance to accept the inevitable
almost led to the destruction of their
entire race. The Kharadron also
recognise that a realm dominated by
the God-King will be a sight more
profitable than one conquered by the
undead legions of Nagash, smashed
to rubble by greenskin hordes,
or corrupted by the vile touch of
Chaos. When war calls, the sky-
ports rally to the side of civilisation
– though they always ensure that
they receive fitting compensation for
their efforts.

AIRPOWER EMPIRE

The Kharadron sky-ports claim
dominion over the airways of the
Mortal Realms, and there are few
who would dispute that assertion.
These enormous, floating citadels
are both bustling hubs of trade
and militar y strongholds, capable
of drifting vast distances in search
of prosperous lands and blasting
invading armies out of the sky
with barrages from their gigantic
aethercannon arrays. Visitors from
all across the realms are welcomed
into the sky-ports’ bustling dock-
districts and merchant quarters,
where every imaginable treasure
and exotic resource is available
to purchase.

The secret to the sky-duardin’s
military and economic might is
their mastery of aether-gold. This
magical substance is found as vapour
in the skies of the Mortal Realms
and, amongst a thousand other uses,
is processed in order to power the
Kharadron’s mighty ships of the
line and their weapons of war. The
sky-ports’ desire for aether-gold
is all consuming, and with every
sunrise scores of prospector fleets
are despatched in pursuit of valuable
new mining territories. Each of these
ventures is led by an Admiral, who
chooses a single vessel – typically the
largest and deadliest in the fleet – as
his flagship. Hardened privateers
with a keen eye for opportunity,
Kharadron Admirals are responsible
for ensuring that each voyage
culminates in a healthy share of
riches for their crew.

From the smallest escort gunship to
the mightiest heavy cruiser, these
imposing, steel-hulled vessels are
built to dominate the skies. When the
need arises, they are equally deadly
when fighting close to the ground.
Each member of a sky-ship’s crew
is a soldier as much as an aeronaut,
rigorously trained for battle and
armed with a lethal combination of
pistols, boarding axes and cutlasses.
When the fleets go to war, the
ships of the line can also call upon
battle-hardened Grundstok Marines,
specialist soldiers hired to repel
boarders and obliterate anything
that stands between a Kharadron
skyvessel and its prize.

In recent times, the prosperity
of the sky-ports has been greatly
threatened by an outpouring of
untapped magic. Nagash – the God
of Undeath – inverted the arcane
energies of Shyish through a vast
necromantic ritual, giving rise to the
all-devouring vortex known as the
Shyish Nadir. The creation of this
black abyss at the heart of the Realm
of Death sent a shockwave across
reality,
throwing the laws of magic
into disarray. Storms of gheists were
dragged up from the underworlds to
prey upon the living, and rampaging,
predatory spells wrought great
destruction on the business interests
of the sky-ports.

The Kharadron named this grim
event the Garaktormun, or the
Great Gale of Death. Its effect
on their trading monopolies and
mining of precious aether-gold was
significant. Such was the aetheric
disturbance in the skies that many
of the greatest and most lucrative
seams were swept wildly off course,
dragged far across the realms into
uncharted regions. Once reliable
revenue streams were thrown into
complete disarray, and hundreds of
guilds and companies were ruined in
a few short months.

Yet as the Kharadron are so fond of
saying, adversity is the bedfellow
of opportunity. The sudden
vacuum caused by the loss of so
many established mining zones
led to a new age of prospection
and exploration, an aether-gold
hunt greater and bolder than
anything seen since the earliest
days of the Kharadron Overlords’
mighty empire.


PAGEBREAK
T he Kharadron Overlords’ militar y might is founded upon two supreme truths: firstly, that there is no problem
that cannot be overcome by duardin technology ; and secondly, that no foe can stand for long in the face of
unrelenting and utterly overwhelming firepower. Both doctrines have proven formidably effective.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
RISE OF THE OVERLORDS

RISE OF THE OVERLORDS

The Kharadron Overlords’ hard-nosed pragmatism is a remnant of their empire’s traumatic birth. In order to
survive the horrors of the Age of Chaos, many duardin mountain kingdoms were forced to abandon their ancient
culture and forge a new path. It is a measure of their resolve and ingenuity that they succeeded.

The origins of the Kharadron
Overlords’ mercantile empire lie in
strife and bloodshed. In ages past
the progenitors of the sky-duardin
dwelt in Chamon, Realm of Metal.
Great portions of this strange,
alchemical realm had been fashioned
by the smith-god Grungni into
perfectly geometric continents,
their ferric crusts and mountain
ranges filled with all manner of
priceless resources – including
the rare realmstone Chamonite, a
quicksilver-like liquid metal that
could be used to power the most
wondrous machinery. Having
crafted these perfectly ordered lands
for his children, Grungni departed
for Azyr,
the Realm of Heavens, to
fulfil an ancient promise to the God-
King Sigmar. The smith-god was
not one to coddle his worshippers

and believed that only by thriving
without his guiding presence could
they grow strong.

For a time, the clans of duardin,
men and gholemkind that dwelt
in the heartlands of Chamon did
indeed thrive. They rampantly
drained the resources of the region,
using techno-arcane methods to
raise gleaming empires of metal
that dominated the lands. The great
duardin clans were perhaps the most
respected of all, dwelling within
their wondrous mountain cities
and digging deep into the bedrock
of Chamon to excavate precious
minerals and gems. Yet
this age of
prosperity and wonder would not
last, for the primordial enemies of
all mortals were stirring once more.
The Chaos God Tzeentch had set his

eyes upon the Realm of Metal, for it
blazed with potential and sorcerous
energy. In the avarice and desire
for power that marked the greatest
empires of Chamon, the Changer of
the Ways found familiar weaknesses
on which to prey. Even as his greater
daemons whispered promises into
the ears of duardin clan-chiefs and
human ferromages, the Lord of
Sorcery set in motion the corruption
of the Realm of Metal itself. He
lured forth the godbeast known as
the lode-griffon from the aetheric
void, so that it settled at the centre
of Chamon. The immense magnetic
energies of this mythical avian
behemoth twisted and bent the land,
and played havoc with the industry
of the great clans and kingdoms
nearby. In desperation, they sought
to slay the lode-griffon with a spell


PAGEBREAK
of transmutation that would turn
its form to solid gold. Yet
though it
was seen through to completion, this
ritual was twisted by the hand of one
of the Gaunt Summoners – powerful
daemonic wizards in thra l l to
Tzeentch. As the lode-griffon’s flesh
was turned to metal, its screams
tore open a portal at the centre of
the Spiral Crux, and the daemons of
Tzeentch poured through.

Utterly unprepared for the sheer
scale of this sudden invasion,
the civilisations of Chamon
were overwhelmed. Many proud
duardin empires that had thrived
for centuries were doomed to a
drawn-out
fate, sealed within the
tombs of their mountain fastnesses
to star ve or be overrun by the
seemingly endless tide of daemons.
Yet
for a few resolute clans, duardin
ingenuity provided one last,
desperate hope for sur viva l. The
steamhead pioneers, masters of
aethermatic extraction and cogwork
locomotion,
laboured day and night
to create the means of their escape.

Utilising advanced sciences
bolstered by the wondrous magical
substance known as aether-gold,
the
pioneers raised several cities upon
great endrinspheres and aethermatic
energisers, escaping the madness
engulfing the land by retreating into
the skies. These disparate, airborne
kingdoms banded together as a loose
coalition for mutual protection.
Those daemons capable of flight
pursued, of course, but the duardin
strongholds – that would soon come
to be known as sky-ports – had
prepared for this; their Gyrocopter
pilots fought a tireless battle to clear
the clouds, engaging malformed,
winged monsters in brutal aerial
dogfights. These long years of retreat
were unimaginably harsh. Yet
in
adversity was formed the foundation
of a formidable air power.

It was precious aether-gold that
offered the ancestors of the
Kharadron salvation. This rare,
gaseous substance laced the skies
of the Realm of Metal. Whenever
the sky-ports came across seams
of the stuff, they drained them dry,
innovating ever swifter and more
efficient methods of extraction.

Yet
the frantic competition for
resources soon caused old rivalries
to flare and buried grudges to
come to the surface, as each of
the sky-ports sought to gather
as much aether-gold as possible
in order to safeguard their own
future at the expense of their rivals.
Despite the ever-present
threat of
Chaos on the horizon, a civil war
between these competing air powers
seemed inevitable.

THE CODE

In a final attempt to avert disaster,
the leaders of the sky-ports agreed
to meet in council. The Conference
of Madralta – named after the
floating island upon which it took
place – would last for many days,
as the fleets of no less than seven
sky-ports levelled their sky cannon
batteries at one another overhead. It
was no peaceful debate. More than
once, violence threatened to break
out at the peace table. Yet
in the end,
the imminent doom of their way
of life forced the duardin leaders
to compromise, and attempt to set
down a series of laws that would
allow all to prosper. None wished to
repeat the mistakes of the past.

The age-old royal dynasties had
failed, in the end, to protect their
people. There would be no more
kings or queens, nor would the
sky-duardin ever again look for
divine intervention to save them
– they had witnessed the fate of
those who relied upon the aid of
Grungni, Grimnir and Sigmar
when Chaos descended upon them.
This new empire would be powered
by technology and science rather
than faith, and governed by elected
leaders chosen for their talent, not
the provenance of their blood.

Thus was the first draft of the
Kharadron Code laid down.
All of the developing sky-ports
contributed to this document, which
codified the principles of discipline,
individual freedom, personal profit
and communal security that would
become the foundation of the
Kharadron Overlords’ sky-spanning
empire. The word Kharadron itself
means something ak in to ‘born from
the sundered mountain’
in ancient
duardin – although the people of the
sky-ports would come to embrace a
new culture, they would never forget
the trauma that had birthed their
great civilisation.

‘It was not the gods that saved us. It

was not even our skyvessels, nor the

thunder of our guns. It was compromise.

It was negotiation. It was a transaction

between equal parties. The Code saved

us, and made us what we are.’

- Grand Admiral Varsk Huninger of

Barak-Urbaz

The initial guidelines inscribed
in the Kharadron’s
exhaustive
manifesto were taken from
naval
laws origina l ly intended
to maintain discipline aboard a
sky-ship. The Code simply took
these artycles and expanded upon
them to cover the governance
of their entire society. The Code
stipulates ever ything , from how
aether-gold deposits can be claimed
to the rules for engaging foes. The
original document included nine
artycles, each subdivided into many
sections. Therein could be found
the Artycles of Union, the Seven
Rules of Prosperity and the Twelve
Points of Election. Over time there
have been amendments to the
Code – especially in the aftermath
of Nagash’s necroquake – although
some sky-ports refute them, most
notably the ultra-traditionalist
Barak-Thr yng. Even upon agreed
artycles, there is often room for
interpretation, and some Captains,
par t icu lar those hai ling from
the roguish Barak-Mhornar, are
remarkably agile in their ability to
navigate the framework of the Code.


PAGEBREAK
The constitution of the Kharadron is not set in stone, and can be amended should the Geldraad high council deem it necessar y ; in
the wake of the Garaktormun, no less than seventeen fresh amendments were passed after lengthy, often furious debate.

THE CODE AMENDED

ARTYCLE 1 - THE RULES OF GOVERNANCE, POINT 7

The title of Lord-Magnate is given to any whose profit-reaping brings them into
the top ten per cent of earners within the last wind cycle. The Lords-Magnate are
afforded first choice of fleets and wi l l be amongst those considered to replace any
fallen, deceased or incapacitated members of the Admirals Council.

AMENDMENT 12

In the event that the Admirals Council cannot come to a majority
consensus regarding matters of commerce (as defined in Artycles 2 and
7 of the Code), then the Lord-Magnate with the largest contribution in
aether-gold shares over the last wind cycle shall provide the deciding vote.

Amendment proposed by Admiral Barsa Herelsdottr of Barak-Nar

ARTYCLE 6 - THE RULES OF THE HIGH AIRS, POINT 2

On the high airs a vessel from any sky-port may seize airships deemed to be a pirate
craft or taken by piracy and arrest the persons and confiscate all property on board.
The Admirals Court of the sky-port which carried out the seizure may decide upon
the penalties to be imposed. If the suspect vessel refuses to adhere to the rule of law
and surrender its cargo for inspection, the use of lethal force is acceptable in order to
encourage compliance.

AMENDMENT 10, FOOTNOTE 13

An Arkanaut Captain or Admiral has the right to recover salvage from the
wreckage of any vessel destroyed upon the aether-tides of the Garaktormun.
This shall not be considered an act of piracy as defined by Artycle 6, and all
material recovered shall be considered the property of the recovering crew.

Amendment proposed by Grand Admiral Hester Grummund of Barak-Zilfin

ARTYCLE 2 - THE 7 RULES OF PROSPERITY, SUB-CLAUSE 12

During an active state of war immediate sanctions shall be imposed upon the
enemies of the Kharadron Overlords, the severity of which is to be decided by the
Geldraad. As long as the enemy draws breath, they shall be subject to a total trade
embargo, and any officer of the fleet who attempts to open negotiations with such a
party shall be considered guilty of the highest treason and punished accordingly.

AMENDMENT 3, FOOTNOTE 16

Representatives of the uzku lr ik clearly cannot be considered subject to the
second stipulation of Sub-clause 12 of Artycle 2, as they do not breathe.

uzkulrik - literally ‘bone kings’, a Kharadron term for the
Ossiarch Bonereapers

Amendment proposed by Admiral Duggrun Khrung of Barak-Urbaz


PAGEBREAK
ARTYCLE 8 - TENETS OF DEFENCE, SECTION 3

Each wind cycle a Musterpress shall be held upon the Br ynruf. This shall
consist of six days of physical competition and rigorous examinations, the
nature of which shall be decided individually by each sky-port’s Admirals
Council. Upon the culmination of the Musterpress, Admirals and Captains
of the fleets shall have seven days in which to offer contracts of service to
the contestants.

SUB-AMENDMENT 3F

In times of crisis – as decreed by the Geldraad – representatives from the
Grundstok Corporation shall have first option upon all candidates chosen by
Musterpress, and shall be allowed to buy out the contract of any Arkanaut at
seven twelfths of its set price.

Sub-amendment proposed by Grundstok Marshal Ragnar Kling-Harald
of Barak-Zon

ARTYCLE 3 - THE ARTYCLES OF JUSTICE, POINT 5

All hazkal brewed within a sky-port is subject to regular inspection, to be carried
out by the Board of Brewmasters. Any guild-company found guilty of thinning
their product with bilgewater, using inferior hops or failing to allow appropriate
fermentation time shall be fined to the fu l l extent that the Code permits, and its
owners de-bearded and branded with the mark of the guzungr im.

hazkal - a strong duardin ale, brewed and fermented over the course of

many wind cycles

AMENDMENT 21, FOOTNOTE 6

Brewing stations located within the high airs cannot be subject to point five
of this artycle. In addition, the sale of inferior hazkal within foreign ports
shall be permitted, because the umgi are content to drink any old swill.

Amendment proposed by Captain Magbeth Izrum of Barak-Mhornar

ARTYCLE 7 - THE RIGHTS OF OWNERSHIP

In order to make a valid claim upon minerals or salvage one must first ensure
that the object of said claim is not currently under claim. Newly discovered
aether-gold deposits must be marked with angazuben before they can be
considered the property of any sky-port. Once a claim is staked, it is illegal to
harvest at the site without the owner’s permission.

angazuben - aetherically anchored banner-poles left in cardinal
directions around a claimed plot

SUB-AMENDMENT 327B

In order to prevent the integrity of the Code against further frivolous
and mendacious alterations that undermine the grand tradition of this
constitution, no further sub-amendments regarding Artycle 7 shall be
brought before the Geldraad.

Sub-amendment proposed by Musterlord Gronki Draug of Barak-Thryng


PAGEBREAK
The Breath of Grungni

THE BREATH OF GRUNGNI

The airborne empire of the Kharadron Overlords relies upon one resource above all others: aether-gold, the
spark ling Breath of Grungni. The sky-ports launch fleet after fleet in search of this rare mineral, and are perfectly
w i l ling to make war upon their neighbours in order to secure the most prosperous mining fields.

Aether-gold is the lifeblood of
Kharadron society. Known as the
Breath of Grungni, this lighter-
than-air mineral bears the cities
of the sky-faring duardin aloft,
grants motion to their airships and
empowers their weaponry. It is at
once the source of the Kharadron
Overlords’ vast industrial power and
their greatest weakness – without
precious aether-gold, the duardin’s
floating empire would quite literally
fall from the skies.

Though it can be found across the
Eight Realms, aether-gold is not
easily mined. In its natural state it is
less dense than air, and floats above
the cloudline as a sparkling gas or
vapour. Not only does the tenuous
quality of the metal make it very
difficult to locate, but it also means
that aether-gold is susceptible to
being swept vast distances across the
skies by magical storms and other
phenomena. Only when refined and
processed does aether-gold take on a
solid form. In this state it resembles
common gold, though its sheen is
brighter and it is far stronger and
more malleable. The Kharadron –

though cognisant of its miraculous
properties – do not think of aether-
gold as a magical substance. Instead,
they perform all manner of scientific
experiments upon it, mixing it with
other minerals and subjecting it to a
variety of temperatures, conditions
and chemicals in an attempt to
catalogue the unusual effects that the
Breath of Grungni can produce.

The dangers involved in mining
aether-gold are manifold. The skies
of the Mortal Realms are rarely
peaceful, and a sudden magnetic
storm or arcane tempest can
spell disaster even for a powerful
Kharadron ship of the line.

Furthermore, aether-gold seams
inevitably draw the attention of
magical beasts and predators of the
sky – megalofins, harkraken and
flocks of blade-feathered rakks – and
are of course prized by many rivals
of the Kharadron. The change-cults
of Tzeentch and the aerial armies of
the Grotbag Scuttlers both prize its
magical qualities, though thankfully
neither of these foes have mastered
the processes of refining and
weaponising it.

More recently, Cogsmiths of the
Ironweld Arsenal have drawn the
ire of the sky-ports by attempting to
siphon off the substance for their own
ends. The Kharadron Overlords do
not take threats to their aether-gold
monopoly lightly, and are perfectly
willing to turn their guns upon rival
miners as long as such action can be
justified by the Kharadron Code –
and there is usually a loophole to be
found that allows them to do just that.

Whenever a new vein is discovered,
the nearest sky-port is quick to
cordon off the area with flotillas of
heavily armed Ironclads and Frigates,

AETHER-POWERED ARMS RACE

Kharadron technology is in a constant state of
evolution and advancement. In this age of unbound
magic, the great guilds have been forced to utilise
every iota of their expertise in order to face down
new and increasingly terrible threats. The Guilds of
the Endrineers and the Aether-Khemists constantly
conduct intensive experiments with aether-gold,
seeking news ways of weaponising the substance.
Recent inventions include incendiary torpedoes
capped with slivers of aqthracite, handheld anti-magic
repulsors, and aetheric lenses that can gaze through
a ship’s hull. An entire subdivision of the Endrineers
Guild has been tasked with providing the sky-ports
with effective countermeasures against the predatory
spells that have ravaged many vital trading hubs
and exploratory fleets. These methods var y greatly,
but Ironclads armed with magic-dampening null
projectors and voidstone scatter-mines have proven
very effective against hostile tides of magic.

Since the dawn of the necroquake, storms of gheists
and wraiths have plagued many of the great sky-ports.
Tales abound of lost Barak-Durmmaz, caught in the
deathstorms of Shyish and entirely overwhelmed by
the spectral processions of the Nighthaunts. It is said
that the port still plies the sky-lanes, crewed by the
bitter spirits of dead duardin.

In response to similar disasters, many of the sky-ports
have decreed the formation of elite Grundstok units
specialised in the destruction of ‘non-physical entities’.
These ‘black marines’ – so named for the obsidian
armour carapaces they wear, regardless of sky-port
affiliation – are armed with scatter-shot rifles and
equipped with a variety of anti-ethereal equipment
and weaponry : celestium burst-grenades, scintillator
lenses and aether-vapour projectors. They were first
deployed during the Wraith Fleet Conflict, where they
fought against the ghostly corsairs of the vampire
Varkos Varactyr with notable success.


PAGEBREAK
while specialised dredger-vessels and
trawlers began the task of gathering
up the bounty. Floating refineries held
aloft by endrin-arrays are assembled
in particularly prosperous zones,
so that the process of extraction
and purification can begin without
delay. Sometimes, vast territories are
entirely devoted to this process. The
Goldlanes of the Cathmarn Strait and
the Aetherstream of Ziffenbrynyar
are sprawling areas dedicated
solely to aether-gold harvesting,
patrolled by prospector fleets and
immense cloud-dredgers.

There is no aspect of Kharadron
life that is not driven by the use
of aether-gold. Brewery-stations

use it to fuel their churning stills.
Arkanaut armour is aether-crafted
in order to maximise its protective
strength while allowing the bearer
to move swiftly and surely. Cloud
whalers rely on it to power their
harpoon cannons, and tavern owners
to light up their cramped drinking
pits. The Kharadron craft and trade
all manner of materials, but even
the most mundane creations are –
somewhere along the way – reliant
upon the transformative power of
processed aether-gold.

Such is the Kharadron’s desire for
more and more of this precious
resource that whole reserves can be
drained within a matter of weeks,

or even days. There are even those
Aether-Khemists amongst the more
traditional sky-ports, like Barak-
Thr yng, that fear the avaricious
speed with which the fleets are
strip-mining the Mortal Realms.
What, they ask, would the sky-ports
do if the unthinkable happened,
and no more seams of aether-gold
could be found? Without
the means
to power their guns and vessels, the
Kharadron Overlords would be left
at the mercy of their foes. The more
prosperous sky-ports such as Barak-
Nar and Barak-Z ilfin scorn such
concerns as laughable pessimism,
and with every passing day their
consumption of raw resources only
gathers pace.


PAGEBREAK
STRIFE AND OPPORTUNITY

STRIFE AND OPPORTUNITY

The years following the return of the God-King to the Mortal Realms were highly profitable for the sky-ports, as
their trading empire grew exponentially with each new city of Order founded. Yet a storm was brewing on the
horizon, a maelstrom of magic that would bring about an era of unrivalled change.

The Shyish necroquake – or
Garaktormun, as it is known
amongst the sky-ports – broke
across the domain of the Kharadron
Overlords like a crashing wave.
In its wake it dragged up tides of
gheists from the underworlds,
vengeful souls moulded into agents
of undeath by the hand of Nagash,
the Great Necromancer.

Many other sky-ports soon felt
the touch of the grave upon them.
Even Barak-Nar,
the shining jewel
of the Kharadron empire, was not
immune. The dockyards of the
City of the First Sunrise were a l l
but overwhelmed by Nighthaunt
processions, and only a desperate
stand by Grundstok Thunderers
under the command of the Aether-
Khemist Njarn Firewhiskers stopped
the tide of gheists from breaching
the city proper. The catastrophe
caused untold damage, thousands
of deaths, and led to over fifty guild-
companies filing for bankruptcy.
Even greater disasters were
occurring elsewhere. Two lesser sky-
ports, Barak-Durmmaz and Barak-
K ling , were destroyed as the first
destructive shockwaves of amethyst
magic swept forth from the Realm
of Death. Scores of sky-fleets were
battered off course, or set upon by
howling gales of spectres. The true
death toll of those dark days would
never be fu l ly accounted for, but
estimates from the Endrineers Guild
of Barak-Nar alone suggest around
one fifth of the sky-port’s navy was
lost or destroyed in the outbreak of
the Garaktormun.

Worse sti l l, the tremendous
magical disturbances caused by the
necroquake gave rise to sentient
spells that ravaged the skies. Purple
Suns descended from the clouds,
raining cascades of pure death
magic that turned ever ything
within reach into unmoving cr ysta l.
Snapping jaws of bone materialised
in the midst of sky-fleet formations,
and in an event that has gone down

in infamy, an enormous Aethervoid
Pendulum car ved the Barak-Z ilfin
flagship Sunderer in twain, the
vessel’s
remains crashing down
upon the Hall of Endeavour while
the Admira ls Council was in session.
This caused the deaths of no less
than seven of the Windswept City’s
foremost representatives. To many
fighting forces, such losses would
be catastrophic, but the Geldraad
– the highest ru ling council of
Kharadron society – swift ly moved
to secure new guild-contracts for
replacement Ironclad and Frigates,
and organise new Musterpresses on
a grand scale in order to reinforce
the ravaged Arkanaut companies.
In addition they ratified several
mi litar y and societal amendments to
the Code, in a reaction to the rapidly
changing times.

Such radical action was necessary,
for not only did the Shyish
necroquake cause great physical
damage to the sky-ports, but it
also threatened to rob them of
their very livelihood. Gaseous
deposits of aether-gold were swept
vast distances across the realms,
carried by the roiling tides of
magic. Many of these streams were
integral to the sky-ports’ profits,
and their disappearance was ak in
to the severing of vital arteries.
Yet as befits their adventurous and
adaptable nature,
the Kharadron
Overlords saw opportunity even in
these very darkest of hours.

THE GREAT VENTURE

The sky-port councils swiftly
realised that the Garaktormun not
only brought great danger, but the
possibility of securing dramatic new
gains. Many of the most prosperous
aether-gold streams had long ago
been claimed by individual sky-
ports, and for decades this monopoly
had ensured a familiar hierarchy of
influence within Kharadron society.
Yet
this control had been predicated
on those mining routes remaining
largely static. Now that so many had
been displaced, the intricacies of
the Code allowed for new claims to
be made by rival powers – so long
as they could seek out the missing
lodes of aether-gold first. The smell
of profit was in the air, and soon the
Gorak-drek – the Great Venture –
commenced in earnest.

This upheaval would take the
Kharadron into new and deadly
territories, and see them match
their guns against all manner of
new foes. Thousands of new voyages
were chartered, from scouting
missions into hostile lands, to grand
expeditions intended to seize vast
swathes of territory. The Spiral Crux
at the heart of the Realm of Metal
saw intense fighting, as Barak-
Nar and several other sky-ports
converged upon arcane wastes
rich with the Breath of Grungni
and populated by the servants of
Tzeentch – an old enemy who had
long contested the Kharadron’s
dominance of the skies.

So dawned a new age of
technological progress and rapid
expansion for the Kharadron.
Though Barak-Nar maintained the
steering hand over the Geldraad, the
fortunes of many sky-ports would
change drastically, as profits and
therefore influence rose and fell
dramatically. Some, like Barak-
Mhornar, would even take the
ultimate risk and depart the Realm
of Metal entirely, seeking new and
prosperous skies.


PAGEBREAK
THE LANDS BELOW

Although the pursuit of new aether-gold streams is
invariably the most pressing issue on the minds of the
Geldraad, they have not ceased their attempts to gain a
chokehold over trade with their allies in the free cities.
Kharadron commercial enclaves in strongholds such
as Excelsis, Hammerhal and Greywater Fastness have
grown greatly in size and influence, as the sky-ports’
merchants flood the markets with rare and wondrous
trade goods.

The Kharadron Overlords have a surplus of crude
blackpowder weapons and cogwork machines that
they happily trade to the inhabitants of Sigmar’s
cities. These artefacts and engines still have their uses,
but they are laughably simplistic compared to the
state-of-the-art skyvessels fielded by the sky-ports.
The Kharadron look upon the designs of the Ironweld
Arsenal and human technologists with something
approaching bemused contempt. Less scrupulous
Captains been known to take advantage of human
naivety by selling bogus tonics, ersatz ale and ‘real,
genuine realmstone’,
all at exorbitant prices.

The Stormcast Eternals remain something of an
enigma to the Kharadron. The champions of Sigmar’s
armies do not seem to desire any luxuries, and so most
of the Kharadron’s
entreaties towards them come

to naught. Worse still, the archaic, honourbound
attitudes of many Stormhosts continue to lead to
potentially dangerous misunderstandings. When
Admiral Porrbus of Barak-Urbaz attempted to provide
a financial
incentive for the Knights Excelsior to
abandon their defence of the Zephen Skypass and
allow Kharadron trading ships access to the rich
clouds beyond, the truculent Stormcasts reacted with
outrage. An Arkanaut Frigate was downed by Celestar
Ballista fire, and the sky-port have since marked the
merciless Stormhost as a foe.

Never ones to tie themselves down to a single alliance,
the Kharadron Overlords have diversified their trading
by making contact with forces outside the influence
of Azyr. Deals with the war-obsessed greenskins
are – though not unheard of – very rare, but the lords
of the deathly Ossiarch Bonereapers have proven
quite amenable. Officially the sky-ports are at war
with Mortarch Katakros and his soul-constructs, but
that has not stopped ivory smugglers out of Barak-
Mhornar from making a ki l ling trading bones looted
from recent battlefields with the legion known as the
Stalliarch Lords. As of late however,
these enterprising
Admirals have struggled to fulfil the Bonereapers’
increasingly outlandish demands – should they
fail to do so, the skeletal
lords have threatened
extreme repercussions.


PAGEBREAK
The Sky-ports

THE SKY-PORTS

Floating metropolises held aloft by the wondrous power of aether-gold, the Kharadron sky-ports are the dominant
power in the skies of the Mortal Realms. Merchants and adventurers flock from afar to visit these technological
marvels, for within their bustling dock districts can be found all manner of exotic goods and illicit secrets.

When they first rose from the
mountains of Chamon and took
to the clouds, the sky-ports of the
Kharadron Overlords were floating
fortresses, fashioned for survival
and armed for war. While they
still maintain a formidable array
of firepower – as any foe foolish
enough to stray within range of their
skycannon batteries will attest – they
have become much more than mere
defensive strongholds. They are
amongst the greatest centres of trade
in the Mortal Realms, each home
to many thousands of duardin and
visited by representatives from all of
the civilised nations.

The exact size and layout of a
sky-port can vary greatly, but the
majority are constructed as a series
of concentric squares, with the vital
administrative and governmental
districts placed at the centre. All
are bordered by vast and bustling
dockyards, which are constant hives
of activity. Most sky-ports refuse to

allow any non-Kharadron beyond the
docklands, and so these quarters are
filled to the brim with humans, aelves
and other races, whose every desire
is catered to by enterprising traders.
Bathed in the candescent glow of
whaleen-oil lamps, the labyrinthine
streets echo to the chattering chorus
of a thousand different languages.
Endrintrams and steam-gondolas
provide access along the canalways
that run through the sky-port; these
function as sewers and water-pipe
routes, but also dispose of waste by
spilling it out of hatches to rain down
on the lands below.

Above, the skies are choked with
airships – not solely military models,
but civilian skiffs, bulk haulers and
yachts. In the busiest sky-ports,
traders can sometimes be forced to
wait in lane for several days in order
to secure a berth. Barak-Zilfin in
particular is known for its heavily
congested airlanes. According to
the Code, each Sky-port controls all

airspace around its domicile within
the span of three cannon shots.
Beyond that, the expanse of the skies
is known as the ‘high airs’, and is
regarded as neutral territory. The
borders of each sky-port are guarded
by floating fortresses armed with
intimidating arrays of cannons and
swivel-guns, informally known as
‘Zunfar towers’, after the Admiral
who pioneered their use.

When returning Frigates and their
escort vessels make port, troupes
of dirty, battle-scarred Arkanauts
unload their latest acquisitions
before heading deeper into the city
to make the most of their temporary
leave. Gambling halls, smoke-
shrouded darak-dens and garish
bawdyhouses all provide much-
needed opportunities for Arkanauts
to blow off steam. With fresh aether-
gold shares burning a hole in their
pocket and often only a few days or
weeks to make use of, they waste
no time getting drunk on cheap ale


PAGEBREAK
and heading to the card tables. This
release of pent-up energy sometimes
gets a little rough, at which point it is
down to the copperhats – a slightly
derogatory name for the longshore
marshals – to maintain order. These
no-nonsense naval police, usually
made up of veteran Grundstok
Marines injured in the line of duty or
neophyte Arkanaut recruits, go about
their task methodically with billy
clubs and fists.

Beyond the dock districts sprawl
endless rows of warehouses, aether-
factories and other industrial
zones. These sectors are home to
the lesser-chartered guilds, and are
populated by many thousands of
labourers – those duardin who were
passed over by the Musterpresses
and thus denied a career in the
sky-fleets. Despite the Kharadron’s
undoubted technological mastery,
their existence can be a difficult one.
Packed together like tinned globfish
in almshouses and workhalls, they
toil daily for a relative pittance;
although Kharadron society is
proudly meritocratic, factory bosses
have a vested interest in ensuring
their downtrodden workers do not
rise beyond their station.

While aether-gold can be processed
without releasing polluting smoke,
much of the Kharadron Overlords’
heavy industry utilises other,
less
refined chemicals and metals.
Smog and acidic rain showers are
common, despite the use of endrin-
bellows and dispersal fans to clear
the worst of the contamination.
Some sky-ports suffer from this
chemical blight more than others;
Barak-Nar’s relentless industrial
drive and Barak-Zon’s ever-
expanding weapons industries have
led to particularly heavy pollution,
bringing with it diseases such as
sky-miner’s consumption,
ironscale
and the dreaded glowlung. The
Aether-Khemists Guild of Barak-
Nar has dedicated an entire arm of
its alchemical labs to uncovering
cures for these epidemics using sub-
dermal infusions of aether-gold, but
thus far only the richest residents
are able to afford such treatment.
By contrast, Barak-Thryng’s refusal
to utilise wasteful, non-traditional
methods of generating power means
that its skies are relatively clear.

The wealthiest individuals in the sky-
port reside close to its thriving heart,
in gated towers and floating manses

held aloft by a steady flow of aether-
gold. From here, the Lord-Magnates
and master industrialists of the
city quite literally look down upon
those less fortunate. Lord-Magnate
Kreg Folsson of Barak-Urbaz has
constructed an obscenely luxurious
endrinvilla right above the refinery in
which he once worked as a beardling,
so that every day he can see just how
far he has come.

At the centre of a sky-port lies its
nexus of government, typically
located amidst a wondrous plaza
district portraying the city’s proudest
military and economic achievements.
These grand old structures include
the Hall of Endeavour in Barak-
Zilfin, the Sunrise Citadel of Barak-
Nar, Barak-Mhornar’s mysterious
Shadowmark Repository and the
Kazakluft of Barak-Thryng. Here the
Admirals Council gathers, and the
dual businesses of profit and war are
debated. No more than a handful
of outsiders have ever been granted
access to these closely-guarded
quarters, but they speak of vast
and imposing chambers echoing to
the bellicose sounds of Kharadron
politics, and populated by minor
armies of runescribes and dignitaries.


PAGEBREAK
Structured for Profit

STRUCTURED FOR PROFIT

From the most minor guild-corporation to the greatest of the sky-ports, all levels of Kharadron society are
managed like a business conglomerate. Every decision is governed by the desire for profit, and justified by
guidelines laid down in the Kharadron Code.

The free cities of Sigmar have a
complex power structure, but even
this pales in comparison to the
bureaucratic system of governance
practised by the Kharadron sky-
ports. Overall command of each
sky-port goes to the Admirals
Council, which is comprised of the
most successful officers of the fleet. It
is the aim of all Kharadron skyfarers
to secure a place on this august body,
for they wield incredible power
and influence.

Beneath the Admirals Council are
the six largest guilds, including the
Endrineers Guild, Aether-Khemists
Guild and the Fleet Service.
The latter is typically the most
influential amongst the six, as their
airships are vital to the gathering of
aether-gold. However,
the relative
authority of the guilds fluctuates
from city to city. Barak-Z ilfin, for
example, grants great influence to its
peerless Nav-League.

Each individual fleet – regardless of
size and function – is also subject
to its own governing council, whose
members act as managing directors.
Upon return to port, a Kharadron
Admiral answers directly to this
board, and they have the right to
terminate his contract should he fail
to deliver as promised. Furthermore,
every single member of the crew is a
shareholder with a vested interest in
ensuring a successful voyage.

Above even the Admirals Council
of each sky-port is the Geldraad, the
highest ruling body of Kharadron
Overlords society. It is composed
of members from the six wealthiest
sky-ports, with the number
of delegates provided by each
determined by capital. Barak-Nar
maintains a ‘Steering Hand’ with
six seats, but recent events have
caused the fortunes of several great
Kharadron powers to rise and fall.

THE STATUS OF WEALTH

Opposite is a
list of the major
sky-ports along
with their current
capital (aether-gold
shares) and number
of delegates on
the Geldraad.

Sky-port

Barak-Nar

Barak-Z ilfin

Barak-Mhornar

Barak-Zon

Barak-Urbaz

Capital

296,132,947

152,753,191

92,114,885

38,653,342

25,716,102

Barak-Thryng

823,500

Delegates

6

5

3

2

1

1

Claimed by Barak-Nar,
the Aetherstream Intrepid is a rich source of aether-gold that lies in a region twisted by the
influence of Tzeentch. Despite the extreme risks of mining this seam, it has earned the sky-port impressive profits.


PAGEBREAK
THE AETHER-KHEMISTS GUILD

The Aether-Khemists are alchemic
scientists. It is with their knowledge
that even cloud-obscured aether-
gold seams can be located and
followed. Indeed, it is only by the
genius of their guild’s inventions
that aether-gold can be siphoned
from clouds and refined into a
solid substance. The guild trains
its members to use a wide range
of gadgets, including analytic
recogitators, heliotropic distillators
and the God’s Lung. Their methods
are not solely experimental in
nature,
for an Aether-Khemist must
also learn to grade the quality of
aether-gold through the only means
known – by smell. Aether-Khemists
maintain guild centres in all of the
sky-ports, but Barak-Urbaz has by
far the greatest number, and their
members are renowned throughout
Kharadron society for their skill at
wringing aether-gold from the air.

THE NAV-LEAGUE

The Nav-League is composed of
Aetheric Navigators, a secretive
order of aerocartographers. It is
their lore that has mapped out the
troposphere of Chamon and sections
of the realm’s
stratosphere. They
study the elements, especially the
winds and shifting atmospheric
energies. They guide the sky-fleets
along aerial trade routes, seeking
to catch thermals and avoid the
many perils of the airways. Only
those that can quickly solve complex
mathematical formulas under
great duress can hope to pass the
entrance exams to attend one of the
Navcademies. Yet no matter how
rigorous the training,
it is nothing
compared to hanging onto the deck
rails while tr ying to calculate the
shifting currents of the Strahlstrom
– just one of the many duties a
Navigator is called upon to perform
aboard an airship.

THE ENDRINEERS GUILD

The most mechanically inclined
Kharadron are apprenticed to the
Endrineers Guild. All sky-ports
have guild-run Endrineering
Academies, the largest of which are
the Great Coghalls of Barak-Z ilfin.
Those who demonstrate skill find
profitable employment as artificers,
metalcasters, forgekeepers or
shipwrights, but only the very best
and bravest are sent to work on the
Arkanaut fleets themselves. There,
they serve the ships as Endrinriggers
or, should they survive long enough
and accomplish fu l l mech-mastery,
as Endrinmasters. The Endrineers
Guild is just as protective of its
machines as the exacting rites that
keep them running, and there is
a fair amount of sharp practice
between guild members from
competing sky-ports, each seeking
to undermine or benefit from their
rivals’
latest innovations.

CHARTERED COMPANIES

Alongside the six major guilds, each sky-port
has hundreds of for-profit enterprises known as
guild-companies or chartered companies. These
organisations make their fortune by selling a
particular product or service. The smallest beard-oil
sellers or brewsmiths may number only a few scattered
depots within their home city, while the largest are
incredibly powerful corporate giants that have offices
in multiple sky-ports. Iggrind-Kaz Aeronautics,
for
example,
is renowned for the quality of its surge-
injection endrins, which utilise liquidised aether-gold
to grant a vessel supercharged bursts of speed. The
guild-company has depots in five of the six major sky-
ports – only Barak-Thryng refuses to allow the upstart
company permission sell within its borders, citing
improper and wasteful use of the Breath of Grungni.

That has not stopped several Captains native to the
sky-port from installing Iggrind-Kaz components in
their ships. As the Code allows for guild-companies to
trade beyond the borders of their home port, they are
often sponsored or partly funded by one of the major
guilds, who skim a nice percentage from every bulk
sale. The Grundcorps of Barak-Zon, for instance, owns
many shares in the weaponsmith Thrund Armoury,
whose aethershot rifles are always in high demand for
their ruggedness and accuracy. Barak-Thryng’s dark
ales – brewed according to ancient recipes guarded
as fiercely as any militar y secret – are the envy of
all. Guild-companies such as Bugman’s Brew and
the Grumgar Brothers’ Hoppery are in particularly
high demand. They even sell their wares in Sigmar’s
free cities – but only watered-down grog unfit for
duardin consumption.


PAGEBREAK
Annals of the Overlords

ANNALS OF THE OVERLORDS

With pragmatic ruthlessness and the power of aethermatic technology, the airfleets of the sky-ports have built a
vast dominion above the clouds. Here follows a brief history of the Kharadron Overlords and the famous acts of
endeavour that helped birth their grand mercantile empire.

THE AGE OF MYTH

THE SMITH GOD’S
MASTERPIECE

Grungni the Smith God seeks to
create a paradise world for his
children in the Realm of Metal,
Chamon. He constructs a perfectly
geometric archipelago at the
gleaming centre of the realm and
fills it with precious minerals and
metals, naming his creation the
Godwrought Isles. Clans of humans,
duardin and gholemkind all find
a home here, growing rich and
powerful as they mine the lands.
These nascent civilisations include
the ancestors of the Kharadron
Overlords. Never a deity to coddle
his worshippers, Grungni departs
to Azyr in order to fulfil an ancient
pledge to the God-King, leaving his
flock to forge their own destiny.

BREATH OF GRUNGNI

The innovators and inventors known
as the steamhead pioneers master
the art of extracting aether-gold,
a wondrous mineral that swirls
about the angular peaks of the
Godwrought Isles. They call the stuff
the Breath of Grungni, believing it
to be the lingering essence of their
departed god, and waste no time
in discovering ways to refine and
process it. It proves a remarkably
adaptable substance of near-limitless
power, and its properties lead to a
new age of scientific progress for the
enterprising duardin.

THE SKY-RIFT OPENS

Tzeentch,
the Architect of Fate, sets
his eyes upon Chamon. Through
subterfuge and trickery, he lures
the godbeast known as the lode-
griffon to the heart of the realm. The
creature’s
terrible magnomantic aura
buckles and warps the Godwrought
Isles, causing untold death and
destruction as the metal land masses
are torn apart. Hereafter,
this
region becomes known as the Spiral
Crux. The greatest aethermancers
from across the realm seek to slay

the lode-griffon with sorcery and
thus bring to an end its malign
influence – just as the Change
God knew they would. The ritual
succeeds and the godbeast is slain,
but its death-screams tear apart the
fabric of the realms. A great sky-rift
opens above the heart of Chamon,
spilling Tzeentch’s daemonic legions
into reality.

and Disc-riding Horrors. The
blossoming detonations of scatter-
burst torpedoes and cascades of lurid
magic ravage the skies, as thousands
of duardin aeronauts sell their lives
in order to keep the enemy at bay.
These immense battles amongst the
clouds are only the first engagements
of the Great Sky War, a conflict that
wi l l rage on for centuries.

THE CONFERENCE
OF MADRALTA

Competition between the various
sky-ports for precious aether-gold –
the only thing that can power their
flight across the skies – threatens
to lead to all-out war. Upon the
floating island of Madralta, fleets
from every sky-port hold council.
As enemies close in around them,
the duardin of the clouds together
draft the document known as the
Kharadron Code. This wi l l become
the foundation of the greatest aerial
empire the realms has ever known.

BATTLE OF THE
FIRST COALITION

The newly allied Kharadron
Overlords are assailed by the
infernal fleets of the Tetronomicar,
a triad of Tzeentchian Daemon
Princes, who have pursued the
sky-ports vast distances across
the Realm of Metal. Though
outnumbered at least two to one,
the Kharadron decide to make their
stand above the Straits of Helsilver.
There, Grand Admiral Horgrumm
Brand of Barak-Nar masterminds
a famous victory, splitting his fleet
into multiple smaller formations in
order outmanoeuvre the massive
cr ystal barges of the Trionomicar
and blast them into shards one
by one. Though Grand Admiral
Brand is slain during the thick of
the fighting, his forces carr y the
day, routing the Chaos armada. The
engagement ensures the Kharadron
Overlords’ complete dominance of
the Chamonic skies for more than
a century and lays down the core
tenets of their naval strategy.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

ESCAPE TO THE CLOUDS

The Change God’s daemon hordes
descend upon the great underground
kingdoms of the Chamonic duardin,
trapping the occupants in their
mountain fastnesses. The defenders
hold out bravely for many years, but
it seems only a matter of time before
the hosts of the Chaos Gods breach
their walls. Desperate, the normally
conservative duardin turn to arcane
science and untested machineries
in an attempt to save themselves.
Combining their nascent mastery
of air travel with the aether-gold
technologies innovated by the
steamhead pioneers, the besieged
take to the skies upon weaponised
platforms, remaking their fortresses
into the first of the sky-ports.

THE GREAT SKY WAR

As the sky-ports rise into the
clouds, escorted by squadrons of
Gyrocopters and bombers, the
armies of the Change God give
pursuit. What follows is a desperate
flight across the Realm of Metal,
with duardin pilots maintaining
a ceaseless vigil against the aerial
attacks of blade-finned Screamers


PAGEBREAK
CORSAIRS OF THE
SHADOW PORT

Mysterious, unmarked vessels begin
to prey upon merchant convoys out
of Barak-Z ilfin and Barak-Nar. After
both sky-ports suffer tremendous
losses in aether-gold shipments,
they discover that the perpetrators
are corsairs out of Barak-Mhornar,
using rune-markings of illusion
to conceal their allegiance. Open
war very nearly breaks out; it is
only avoided by a series of urgent
amendments to the Code prohibiting
such fractious behaviour.

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

THE HEAVENS OPEN

Sigmar the God-King sends forth
his heavenly armies into the Mortal
Realms, seeking to reclaim his
ancient lands from the clutches
of the Dark Gods. The Stormcast
Eternals battle the hordes of Chaos
for control of the Realmgates –
arcane portals that connect the
realms. The Kharadron look on
with interest but do not intervene,
preferring to hedge their bets before
committing to any cause.

VAULT OF THE ELDERS

Seeking to recover priceless relics
of its past, an airfleet from Barak-
Thryng under the command
of Admiral
‘Ironbrow’ Kreeg
commences an excavation of
Karak-a-Zaruk, one of the greatest
of the duardin strongholds to fall
during the Age of Myth. To Kreeg’s
disgust, he finds that skaven of
Clan Moulder have turned the place
into an enormous fleshpit for the
purposes of creating their hideous
abominations. Enraged, the Admiral
refuses to leave until every last
‘thaggoraki runt’ has been blasted
into pieces. It is said that Ironbrow
has not seen the sky since, as he
leads his Grundstok soldiers ever
deeper into the karak, wiping out the
infestation as he goes.

FEEDING FRENZY

A Barak-Z ilfin airfleet commanded
by Admiral Kolf Balim is ambushed
by an immense armada of Grotbag
Scuttlers and suffers heavy losses.
In a last, desperate gambit, the
Admiral flees through the heart of a

megalofin feasting ground. The sky-
sharks devour the grots’ ramshackle
airships by the dozen, but the
remnant of Balim’s fleet escapes.

TENTATIVE ALLIANCE

In the wake of the climactic battle
for the Allpoints, Sigmar begins
to construct his free cities in those
areas reclaimed from the clutches of
the Dark Gods. Identifying a potent
new source of trade and income, the
Kharadron finally decide to send
delegates to the God-King’s court.

BATTLE OF VINDICARUM

Vindicarum is assailed by hosts
of Chaos daemons, who use an
aetheric storm as cover to ambush
the Celestial Vindicators standing
guard over the city. Though the
Stormcasts fight with ferocity,
their
winged formations of Prosecutors
are vastly outnumbered. It is
only when the clouds part and an
airfleet from Barak-Nar descends
upon the daemons with cannons
blazing that victory is snatched
from the precipice of disaster. In the
aftermath of battle, the two victors
take steps to secure an alliance. The
Treaty of Vindicarum ratifies an
economic pact between the sky-ports
and the God-King’s armies, while a
cleverly worded sub-clause ensures
that the Kharadron retain sole
harvesting rights over the largest
seams of aether-gold in Chamon.

BLOCKADE OF BARAK-ZON

The Lord of Change Kairos
Fateweaver lays siege to Barak-Zon at
the head of a daemonic convocation
of Tzeentch. The grizzled defenders
of the City of the Sun hold out
long enough to be relieved by a
confederation of fleets from all
the major sky-ports, commanded
by Brokk Grungsson. To this day,
soldiers of Barak-Zon stubbornly
deny that they ever needed saving.

THE GARAKTORMUN

Nagash, the God of Undeath, works
a terrible ritual that unleashes a
wave of destructive energies across
the realms. Not only does the
Garaktormun – or ‘Great Gale of
Death’ – give rise to vast numbers of
Nighthaunt spirits, but it also sweeps
many streams of aether-gold vast
distances across the airways.

A NEW INVENTION

Endrineer Drak Grolsson of
Barak-Nar invents the aethermatic
repulsion field, a device that can
keep the sorcerous winds of the
Spiral Crux at bay. Other sky-ports
fashion their own versions of the
device, and it allows the Kharadron
to venture into regions long
thought inimical to life in search
of aether-gold.

THE GRAND TOUR

Lord-Magnate Brokk Grungsson
embarks upon a grand tour of
Sigmar’s free cities and becomes the
first Kharadron to meet Sigmar’s
chief architect Valius Maliti
in the
industrial stronghold of Greywater
Fastness. However,
in the wake of
this encounter, Grungsson abruptly
cancels the rest of his tour and
requests a special session of Barak-
Nar’s Admirals Council. The results
of this debate are not made public,
but soon afterwards the Barak-
Nar trading enclave in Greywater
departs, to the great surprise and
concern of the city’s inhabitants.

BATTLE OF SKRAPPA SPILL

The largest armada ever assembled
by Barak-Zon descends upon the
greenskin kingdom of Skrappa Spill.
The Admirals of the sky-port believe
that beneath the junk-mountains of
Ayadah lies the Zangmendrung , a
Kharadron Dreadnought carr ying
experimental weaponry that was
brought down during the Age of
Chaos. Squadrons of Frigates swoop
down from the ochre clouds of
the Spill, pummelling grots and
orruks with broadsides as Arkanaut
excavation teams leap overboard and
into the fray. At first, the battle seems
to sway in the Kharadron’s
favour.
The wreckage of the Zangmendrung
is located, but before the Barak-Zon
fleet can fully extract its cargo, the
Bad Moon rises above Ayadah and
begins to spit loonstone meteors
at the airfleet. Several vessels are
smashed out of the sky to crash
upon the rusty dunes of the Spill.
The Barak-Zon armada is forced to
retreat with the few artefacts it has
recovered. Its Grundstok Thunderers
suffer dreadful losses holding the
greenskin tide at bay long enough for
the survivors of downed vessels to
be evacuated.


PAGEBREAK
The Arkanaut Sky-fleets

THE ARKANAUT SKY-FLEETS

It is the destructive force of the Kharadron’s fearsome airships that ensures their monopoly over the trade lanes
of the Mortal Realms and keeps the aether-gold flowing into the coffers of the sky-ports. When an airfleet sails to
battle, it carries enough firepower to turn any fortress to smoking rubble.

During the Age of Chaos,
civilisations were broken and
dispossessed peoples were forced
to flee the ruins of their shattered
kingdoms. Cast adrift, many of
those exiled were slain or captured
and pressed into slavery. Those that
escaped did so by finding hidden
enclaves or living as nomads, forever
fleeing to stay ahead of enemy armies
and monstrous ravagers. When the
duardin were driven out of their
mountain holds, the forebears of the
Kharadron took to the clouds. Their
greatest weapons in the wars to come
would be their skyvessels, perhaps
the most technologically advanced
war machines in the Mortal Realms.

Early designs evolved into what
would later become the Arkanaut
class of airship. Armour-plated, and
capable of carr ying a complement
of crew and warriors, the Arkanaut
Frigate became the mainstay of the
Kharadron fleets, with the larger
Ironclads serving as flagships. Since
the earliest days the duardin learned
to outfit their skyborne ships with
as much weaponry as possible. The
blackpowder weapons of yore were
replaced, with the majority of the
Arkanauts’
impressive arsenals
now powered aethermatically.
The sky-dwellings that were once
but temporary refuges were built
up, becoming vast growing cities.
When the true riches of the upper
atmosphere were discovered, all
plans to return to ground-based
living were abandoned – and it
was the sky-fleets that made it
all possible.

Sky-fleets are used to seek out
aether-gold and to protect those
mining it. The sky-fleets transport
cargo, and each sky-port maintains
patrol fleets that protect the airspace
above and around the floating cities
as well as common trade routes. In
essence, the sky-fleets are – and have
always been – the very lifeblood
of the Kharadron Overlords’
mercantile empire.

Across each of the different sky-
ports, it is the desire of every young
beardling to serve aboard the
sky-fleets. Competition is fierce
amongst the company-sponsored
aereonautical academies. There,
retired crew and Captains teach
– and pass notoriously ruthless
judgements upon – their charges,
offering ratings to only the most
able-bodied. It is in their best
interests to do so, of course, for they
own stock in the fleets and wi l l be
rewarded only if newly crewed ships
can return profits.

As the Kharadron Code states,
every ship must bear a Captain, a
leader who rules the craft absolutely.
Whilst aboard, none save the
Admiralty have the right to disobey
an order. Crews are chosen at the
Musterpress and can come from
different academies within the same
sky-port. Although they hail from
different families and backgrounds,
once aboard, the crew are bonded
by many oaths and Code-prescribed
rituals. Crew pride themselves on
their loyalty to ship and shipmates,
and invariably the most successful
sky-fleets employ crew that have
served together for decades.

It is possible, as laid out by Artycle 1,
Point 5 of the Code, for crew to
usurp a captaincy. This is not some
riotous act of mutiny, but rather
meritocracy at work. Sub-clauses of

the Code mandate the replacement
of Captains who do not bring success
upon a ship, for to rest upon the
laurels of past triumphs is not the
way of the Kharadron. Captains so
deposed are not dishonoured; they
merely lose their rank and join the
crew, as per Artycle 1, Point 6, where
they might rise or fall based on their
own achievements like all others.

ORGANISATION OF
THE AIRFLEETS

At the top of an airfleet’s hierarchy
are its commissioned officers. Each
airship has a Captain, whose rule
over his craft is absolute. When
enough ships are grouped together,
however, an Admiral
is appointed to
overall command, and his authority
extends further still. Each sky-port
has a number of Admirals at its
disposal, each with the potential to
command an entire airfleet.

The other officers in the fleet hail
not from the Arkanaut training
academies but are specialists
from the guilds – Aetheric
Navigators, Aether-Khemists and
Endrinmasters. These warrant
officers are assigned wherever their
skills wi l l serve the sky-fleet best, but
they commonly go to war upon its
Arkanaut Ironclad. Many fleets boast
several such officers. It is especially
common for larger flotillas to deploy
Endrinmasters equipped with
high-speed dirigible suits in order
to respond rapidly to mechanical
crises across the fleets. Likewise, it
is common for prospecting fleets
to carr y more than one Aether-
Khemist, for the more of these
alchemical scientists are aboard, the
more likely the Kharadron are to
sniff out a rich seam of aether-gold.

Arkanaut Frigates and Ironclads are
the ships of the line and the mainstay
of the fleet, acting as bombers,
gunships or transport craft as the
Admiral sees fit. An Admiral can
pick any ship within the fleet to call


PAGEBREAK
his capital ship; this is most often the
largest vessel – usually an Ironclad
– but sometimes a Frigate of long
or distinguished service wi l l have
the honour of bearing him to battle.
Many Admirals change vessels with
each fresh voyage, shrewdly picking
a fitting conveyance depending on
the requirements of their chartered
mission. Others maintain a
particular fondness for a single sky-
ship, spending the majority of their
careers walking the same deck and
fighting alongside the same crew.
Grundstok Gunhaulers, meanwhile,
are hired escort-class fighters, used
as interdiction craft or to launch
swift assault runs. There have been
instances where raids or even large-
scale battles have been brought to a
successful and profitable conclusion
by the use of these ships alone.

The bulk of the sky-fleet’s infantr y
is composed of the Arkanaut
Companies, whose primary role is to
perform ground-based or boarding
actions in furtherance of the
fleet’s objectives. The more heavily
armed and armoured Grundstok
Thunderers are professional fighters
contracted to safeguard the fleet,
though how they perform this duty
is often at their discretion. The
militaristic sky-port of Barak-Zon
often eschews aerial raids entirely in
order to deliver elite ground troops
into the heart of the enemy position.
These combat landings have proven
devastatingly effective against
fortified positions.

Finally,
the Skyriggers are mobile
rapid-response specialists whose
roles require them to manoeuvre

among the other elements of the
fleet as the situation demands.
Endrinriggers usually enter battle
alongside the flagship but wi l l
scramble to repair other ships as
necessary. The offence-oriented
role of Skywardens usually sees
them accompany the Grundcorps
into battle.

While each sky-port has its own
distinct way of organising the
different components of its fleets
– from the hun-ghrumtok (‘heavy
bomber wing’) of Barak-Thryng to
the mighromtok (‘scout patrol wing’)
of Barak-Z ilfin – all are assembled
from the same core of officers, troops
and airships. It is a system that has
served the Kharadron well and
enforced their dominance of the
skies across the Mortal Realms.

HIERARCHY OF THE SKY-LORDS

THE GELDRAAD

BARAK-URBAZ

BARAK-NAR

BARAK-ZILFIN

BARAK-
MHORNAR

BARAK-ZON

BARAK-THRYNG

ARKANAUT ADM IRAL

ADMIRALS COUNCIL

FLEET SERVICE

THE KHAZUKAN
‘CITY-FOLK’

ENDRINMASTER

AETHER-KHEMIST

AETHERIC
NAVIGATOR

ARKANAUT
COMPANY

ARKANAUT
IRONCLAD

ENDRINEERS GUILD

IRON SKY COMMAND

ENDRINRIGGERS

AETHER-KHEMISTS
GUILD

GRUNDSTOK
CORPORATION

NAV-LEAGUE

ARKANAUT
COMPANY

ARKANAUT
FRIGATES

ARKANAUT
COMPANY

ARKANAUT
FRIGATES

GRUNDSTOK
THUNDERERS

ARKANAUT
FRIGATE

SKYWARDENS

GRUNDSTOK
GUNHAULERS

IRON SKY ATTACK
SQUADRON

GRUNDSTOK ESCORT WING


PAGEBREAK
Dwellings of the Kharadron

DWELLINGS OF THE KHARADRON

BARAK-URBAZ

It is said that bartering with a trader from Barak-Urbaz
is more treacherous than navigating a shoal of stunfish.
Barak-Urbaz is the most cosmopolitan sky-port, and
its citizens pursue profit with unmatched zeal. This city
boasts the greatest sky-fishing fleets, for its Codewrights
long ago won Code Claims to several cloudbanks rich
in life. Further income pours into the sky-port from
Realmgates known only to its Admirals Council, and its
fleets ferry people or goods through these portals to any
realm for a fee. The most skilled Aether-Khemists come
from Barak-Urbaz, and their methods ensure that not
even the clouds can avoid being squeezed for profit.

During the Time of Tribulations, many Captains of
Barak-Urbaz made a fortune providing safe passage –
often at a significantly marked-up price – for citizens
of Sigmar’s free cities who were fleeing the destruction
wrought by Nagash’s necroquake. The cynical behaviour
of several of these skyfarers led to the infamous
Seven-Day War, during which an irate Freeguild General
from Hammerhal Aqsha opened fire upon the fleet
of Admiral Ubb Kengaz, furious at the unscrupulous
Kharadron’s
apparent abandonment in Chaos-held
territory of several thousand passengers who no longer
had the coin to pay them.

BARAK-MHORNAR

Labelled pirates or worse by the duardin of the other
sky-ports, the denizens of Barak-Mhornar are regarded
with no small amount of irony as great innovators when
it comes to interpreting the Kharadron Code. Indeed,
several of the amendments that have been added to
the original document were ratified specifically to halt
depredations largely being carried out by privateers
from Barak-Mhornar. The guile of those who hail from
the City of Shadow is legendary among the Kharadron
Overlords. Tales abound of their use of specially modified
optical arrays that can alter the colour of their ships, and
of surprise attacks launched suddenly by their fleets from
clouds of unnatural blackness.

To the unease of its rivals, Barak-Mhornar recently
became the first sky-port with delegates on the Geldraad
to abandon Chamon. Contact was lost with the City of
Shadow, and exploratory fleets sent to investigate found
it entirely missing, a swirling portal of umbral magic
in its place. The only way to access Barak-Mhornar is to
pass through this mysterious Realmgate, which leads to a
labyrinthine archipelago of mist-shrouded isles with the
sky-port at its centre. Traders are still granted access to
carr y out illicit transactions, escorted through the maze
by black-hulled ships. Despite the Geldraad’s urgings, the
Admirals of Barak-Mhornar steadfastedly refuse to reveal
the city’s true location.


PAGEBREAK
BARAK-ZILFIN

Barak-Z ilfin, the Windswept City,
is famed for the skill
of its pilots and shipwrights. No fleets venture as far as
those from this sky-port, and while some regard them as
reckless, they are supremely confident in the abilities of
their crew and the sturdiness of their ships.

None can predict or ride the aetheric currents as the
airfleets of Barak-Z ilfin can. Within wider Kharadron
society they are known as the ‘Windmasters’,
although
the other sky-ports claim this moniker refers to the fact
that they are all blowhards – or even that duardin from
the sky-port tend to suffer from advanced flatulence.
The citizens of Barak-Z ilfin simply laugh off such petty
insults as simple jealousy,
for the aggressive opening of

new trade markets has seen the Windswept City grow
to be the second largest of the Kharadron sky-ports,
holding vital seats on the Geldraad. It is a position they
seem unlikely to relinquish, for the Great Coghalls
of Barak-Z ilfin – the most famed of all Endrineering
Academies – produce more new airships than any other.

Of all the sky-ports, Barak-Z ilfin gained the most from
the confusion and Chaos caused by the Garaktormun.
Not only did they manage to increase their shares
sufficiently to earn an additional seat on the Geldraad,
but the sky-port’s expert Aetheric Navigators were able
to guide the city’s fleets safely through the worst of the
cyclonic storms.


PAGEBREAK
BARAK-THRYNG

The old ways are best, say the duardin of Barak-Thryng.
They are so conservative that they feel the Kharadron
Code should not be altered from its original form,
and they even stubbornly refuse to recognise some of
the amendments that have been made since. Such an
outlook has meant that they have a garnered a reputation
within Kharadron society as intractable trading
partners. Obstreperous and easily offended, the folk of
Barak-Thryng venerate the past and fill their city with
monuments to the duardin’s
ancestors and gods. Their
disposition is best described as gruff, and even amongst
fellow duardin they are infamous for holding grudges.
Although they have but a single delegate in the Geldraad
– the hoary Admiral Gr ymm Sternbok – none can fail to
hear his loud list of complaints at every session.

The City of the Ancestors’ obstinate adherence to the
old traditions actually proved to be a boon during
the Great Gale of Death. The aether-gold mines of
Barak-Thryng are distinct – other, wealthier sky-ports
would probably say ‘quaint’ – in that they rely upon
archaic endrin-bellows to steadily suck in great gouts
of the substance; a process that is far slower than more
recent mining methods developed by the Kharadron,
but is much less wasteful. As a result of this trademark
thriftiness, the masters of Barak-Thryng had a sizeable
reserve of the Breath of Grungni stockpiled for
emergencies, and were able to ride out the worst of the
necroquake’s effects. The city’s venerable grumblers have
since taken great delight in reminding their flashier kin
of this at every possible opportunity.

BARAK-ZON

The first founded of the sky-ports, Barak-Zon is also
the highest situated. It is known as the City of the Sun
because the light of Hysh causes the floating metal
metropolis to gleam red from afar, as though it were
burning like some distant star. Fourteen triumphal
arches are situated throughout the sky-port, each
marking a major victory of its people. Martial pride is
ever ything to its citizens, and rare indeed is the Barak-
Zon Arkanaut who does not long to earn the Ironstar and
be immortalised on one of the many avenues of heroes
that traverse the city. The duardin of Barak-Zon hail
the indomitable Admiral Nelriksson as their greatest
champion,
for it was he who famously triumphed at the
Battle of Tungsten Peaks during the Time of Reaving.

In recent years, expeditionary forces from Barak-
Zon have found profitable work as hired soldiers,
combatting the steady rise in ethereal and daemonic
threats in exchange for lucrative trading and mining
rights. The other sky-ports typically look down on
this propensity for mercenary work, but Barak-Zon’s
Grundcorps and Arkanaut Companies have no such
qualms. One notable campaign launched by the city saw
the 37th Expeditionary Sky-fleet under Admiral Caber
Rasmus fight at the Siege of Fort Talburnia, defending the
Freeguild stronghold against the Spiderfang Stalktribes
of Z igtik Seven-legs. Only eighteen Grundstok
Thunderers out of two hundred survived, each earning
the Ironstar for their brave service.


PAGEBREAK
BARAK-NAR

The City of the First Sunrise, Barak-Nar is the largest
and most successful of the Kharadron sky-ports. It is
they who have the Steering Hand, for they have the
most delegates upon the ruling council of the Geldraad.
The denizens of Barak-Nar are highly practical and the
least superstitious of their kind. The city is best known
for its many leading science academies, its great wealth
and its history of producing dynamic leaders. Bold,
fearless and progressive, the folk of Barak-Nar were the
first of the Kharadron Overlords to aggressively pursue
trade agreements with non-duardin settlements, and
it was they who established the best-patrolled trade
routes, routinely marking the sky-paths with zonbeks:
well-garrisoned lighthouse docks.

The necroquake hit Barak-Nar hard, for many of its
most profitable aether-streams were swept away upon
roaring gales of magic. Such was the economic strain
on the sky-port in the wake of the event that they even
lost a seat on the Geldraad, something that would have
been unthinkable before the disaster. Yet despite this
setback, canny manoeuvring by the remaining delegates
of Barak-Nar meant that a number of trading monopolies
were soon secured over newly discovered seams.
Aether-gold is once more beginning to pour into the
sky-port’s vaults at a swiftly gathering pace, and the city’s
Admirals Council has decreed scores of new voyages into
unexplored regions of Chamon, charting new sky-paths
and laying claim to prosperous new territories.


PAGEBREAK
Admirals and Warrant Officers

ADMIRALS AND WARRANT OFFICERS

A skyvessel is only as strong as its warrant officers, so the saying goes, and veterans of the Arkanaut companies
w i l l attest to its accuracy. Having earned their commission through hard work and ruthless profiteering, these
seasoned commanders are responsible for leading their crews to fortune and glory.

LORD-MAGNATE BROKK GRUNGSSON

Brokk Grungsson exemplifies the self-made Kharadron
Overlord privateer. He is rapacious in the hunt for
aether-gold, and daring in his explorations of the
skybound wonders of Chamon. Brokk Grungsson is the
only Admiral that has successfully led a fleet around the
fabled Horn of Chamon. He is hailed as the victor of the
Battle of Stratis Skull, and when all the sky-ports joined
forces to break the siege of Barak-Zon it was Brokk who
was elected as the combined fleets’ High Admiral.

The son of a humble dock worker, Grungsson’s
rise to
the heights of power is nothing short of remarkable.
Beginning his career as an Arkanaut, his boldness,
strategic mastery and ruthless business savvy saw him
rapidly climb the ranks. After only a decade’s
service,
he had secured his own captaincy, and after winning a
stunning victory over greenskin corsairs on the island of
Madralta, he was granted the position of Lord-Magnate
– the highest rank a Kharadron can achieve without
holding a place on the Admirals Council, and one that
has allowed him to gather a fortune in aether-gold shares.

Putting his growing wealth to use, Brokk commissioned
a magnificent custom-built dirigible suit from the
Master Endrineer Durek Coghammer of Barak-Z ilfin.
This aether-powered exo-armour not only grants Brokk
the power of flight but also incorporates a number of
advanced weapons,
including a pair of moustache-
mounted aetherblasters, a multi-barrelled gun he refers
to as the Magnate’s Charter and a sizable cannon called
Grungsson’s Boast. Brokk’s preferred strategy is to issue
the fleet commands before leading his Skyriggers on bold
manoeuvres to vanquish the greatest threat amongst the
enemy’s number, be it commander, ship or monster.

ARKANAUT ADMIRALS

An Arkanaut Admiral
is the leader of an airfleet. An
Admiral does not have a ship of his own, as each ship
has a Captain at the wheel, but wi l l nominate one craft as
his flagship. It takes success and tremendous profit for a
duardin to catapult themselves into the upper echelons of
the airfleets, and individuals that have done so are battle-
scarred veterans that have seen countless wars, boarding
actions and aerial bombardments.

The majority of Admirals have worked their way up
through the ranks after first joining the sky-fleets as
neophyte Arkanauts. This gives them an appreciation for
the less glamorous tasks that are required to keep a vessel
afloat as well as a knowledge of essential aeronautical
skills. In order to progress from Captain to Admiral, they
must pass an exhaustive examination involving both
theoretical and practical tests, including a final hearing
in front of the assembled Admirals Council of their home
port. Only upon a majority vote from their superiors
wi l l they be confirmed, by which point their knowledge
of shipcraft, militar y theory and – perhaps most
importantly – the Kharadron Code is encyclopaedic.

Whether ordering tactical manoeuvres, directing
concentrated firepower or coordinating land and air
forces, an Arkanaut Admiral
is first and foremost a
leader. Yet Admirals do not earn their rank by issuing
commands alone, nor do they lead from the rear.
Using their high share of profits, an Admiral can outfit
themselves with thick plates of Arkanaut armour and
back-mounted generators that fuel their aethermatically
powered skalfhammer, enabling it to impact with enough
force to crack boulders. A sidearm is standard, typically a
multi-barrelled volley pistol.


PAGEBREAK
ENDRINMASTERS

Only a Kharadron who has proved
their mech-mastery and ability
to safeguard a fleet’s investments
can hope to rise to the rank of
Endrinmaster. As senior members of
the Endrineers Guild, these veteran
technicians are responsible for the
upkeep of an expedition skyvessel.
It is a duty in which they take great
pride, and each Endrinmaster is
keen to demonstrate the exemplary
quality of the craft in their charge.

Endrinmasters are adept at
performing complex field repairs
even under the most harrowing of
circumstances, but they are also
capable warriors. An Endrinmaster’s
maintenance tools often serve just as
well as weapons of war. Many carr y
aethermight hammers, weapons of
such weight that only by fitting a
strength-enhancing endrinharness
to a duardin’s
armour can they
be wielded at all. Others employ
manipulators and drills used for
delicate repairs to tear apart enemies,
all the while raining death from
afar with a trusty aethercannon.
Common to all Endrinmasters is
the God’s Eye, a lens-array that is
capable of emitting a powerful and
deadly energy beam.

While a sky-fleet often has one
Endrinmaster assigned to its
flagship, others are tasked with
overseeing maintenance and
repairs for the rest of the flotilla.
These Endrinmasters often don
dirigible harnesses powered by
whirring aether-turbines, sturdy
one-duardin endrins that allow them
to soar alongside their cherished
skyvessel and respond quickly to any
mechanical issues.

AETHERIC NAVIGATORS

Masters of the guiding winds,
Aetheric Navigators are aero-
cartographers, atmospheric map-
makers that help chart courses, find
currents and steer along perilous
trade routes. They are the eyes and
ears of the sky-fleet, and even the
most journeyed Admirals value
their sage counsel. Woe betide any
privateer captain foolish enough to
embark upon a long and dangerous
journey into hostile territory without
an experienced Aetheric Navigator at
their side.

Equipped with a bewildering variety
of multispectral ocular lenses, each
attuned to the ever-shifting winds
of magic, Navigators can visualise a
variety of aetheric phenomena. They
can identify barometric eddies and
electro-aetheric vortices and can plot
a course through such hazards with
ease. Using a plethora of mechanical
wonders, an Aetheric Navigator can
also influence the winds to gain the
weather gauge, speed up his fleet or
slow down flying foes by buffeting
them with heavy gales.

Aetheric Navigators can even call
upon the aetheric currents to disrupt
enemy spells. Though Navigators
possess no arcane power of their
own, their strange science provides
an effective counter to enemy
wizards. The winds of the realms
are inextricably linked to the flow
of magic and, when manipulated
carefully, can smother an arcane
flame or bolt of lightning before
it can fully manifest. Should a
foe of any description attempt to
interfere in this complex process,
a heavy ranging pistol provides
adequate discouragement.

AETHER-KHEMISTS

An Aether-Khemist is an invaluable
addition to an airfleet. The
armour worn by these specialists
incorporates an array of high-tech
tools, including quadbreather
apparatus that allows them
to – almost literally – sniff out
aether-gold hidden within thick
cloudbanks. An Aether-Khemist’s
nose for the stuff is so uncannily
accurate that those Admirals who
hire one of these alchemical experts
at great expense almost always see
their investment returned manyfold.

Although their primary roles are
those of prospectors and arcane
scientists, Aether-Khemists are
trained for battle and armed with
several deadly tools. In addition to
harvesting and assessing airborne
resources, their atmospheric
anatomisers can vacuum away
a foe’s breathable air or spray a
billowing cloud of lethal chemicals.
Pressurised gouts of poison gas can
be fired forwards in a deafening blast
known as the ‘Roar of Grungni’.
Should the enemy press too close,
the Aether-Khemist’s
sturdy
equipment serves as a crude but
effective bludgeon.

Although quite capable in combat,
Aether-Khemists generally prefer
to rely on accompanying Arkanauts
to clear away hostiles from rich
harvesting zones. Indeed, their
atomisers have an additional feature
designed to maximise the ki l ling
power of their comrades’ guns. With
the pull of a lever, a shimmering
golden cloud of chem-fog is released
– a metallic fug that boosts the
armour-piercing effectiveness of
nearby aetheric weapons.


PAGEBREAK
Ironclads and Skyriggers

IRONCLADS AND SKYRIGGERS

Arkanaut Ironclads are the heavily armed lynchpins around which the Kharadron airfleets are formed. Each is
a juggernaut of a vessel, bristling with cannon, bombs and heavily armed duardin marines. The Skyriggers are
specialised units with flight-capable aether-endrins whose task it is to ensure the fleet remains in fighting shape.

ARKANAUT IRONCLADS

An Ironclad is a devastating engine
of war, a bulky and formidably
resilient ship of the line possessing
sufficient firepower to level a city.
When one of these monsters hoves
into view, bringing to bear a bristling
array of guns and torpedo launchers,
the enemy has a few short moments
to ponder the certainty of their
doom before the Ironclad unleashes
a thunderous barrage of explosive
death upon them. Ironclads form
the core of most Kharadron
airfleets and are the largest vessels
routinely fielded by the sky-ports.
They are certainly not the biggest
aether-powered monsters to take
to the skies – there exist immense
battleships and wing-carriers many
times an Ironclad’s
size – but these
centrepiece machines are far too
costly to produce en masse. In the
Ironclad, the sky-ports have found a
superb balance of offensive capability
and aether-gold consumption that
has yet to be improved upon.

A single Ironclad represents a
significant outlay for even the
wealthiest sky-port, and thus
they are built with endurance and
efficiency foremost in mind. With
enough hold space to store a vast
bounty of aether-gold, as well as
scores of Arkanauts and Grundstok
Thunderers, Ironclads are designed
to operate in the field for many
seasons, relying upon their iron-
riveted, reinforced hulls and the
tender care of their Endrinmasters to
keep them in perfect fighting shape.
Yet
for all the Ironclad’s defensive
capability,
the master Endrineers
of the sky-ports understand that
the best defence is an utterly
overwhelming offence. Batteries of
bow-mounted swivelguns pound
nearby enemies with solid shot.
Aethershock torpedoes powered by
miniature jet-endrins leave smoking
contrails as they race towards
their target before detonating in a
blossoming fireball, while ground
targets are obliterated by rack upon

rack of grudgesettler bombs. The
most destructive tool at an Ironclad
Captain’s disposal is typically
mounted on the forecastle – either a
great sky cannon or great skyhook
for blasting larger enemies out of
the sky, or a great volley cannon for
raking enemy hordes with a deadly
hail of aethershot.

ENDRINRIGGERS

Endrinriggers are one of two types
of airborne troop designated by the
Kharadron as ‘Skyriggers’. Defined
by their bulbous back-mounted
aether-endrins, these duardin are
capable of taking flight alongside the
sky-fleets or hitching themselves to
vessels with mag-boots or skyhooks
in order to conserve fuel. When
battle is joined, Skyrigger teams wi l l
detach from the ship’s hull and serve
as rapid-response units.

Endrinriggers are primarily charged
with the maintenance of a sky-
fleet’s vessels. As junior members of
the Endrineers Guild, they report
directly to the fleet’s Admiral and
Endrinmaster. In the Kharadron’s
meritocratic society, advancement
to a guild’s upper echelons can
only be achieved through feats of
competence and daring in the line
of duty. Driven by a need to prove
their worth, Endrinriggers wi l l dart
through intense danger to reach
stricken vessels, performing complex
field repairs while the carnage roars

on around them. The repair tools
carried by Endrinriggers can prove
lethal when turned upon the foe.
Red-hot rivets fired by handheld
pistols can pierce flesh and armour
just as easily as they punch through
the hull of an airship. When the
enemy presses in close, aethermatic
saws are used to methodically and
messily dismember them. Some
Endrinriggers even make use of
grapnel
launchers to haul enemies
out of cover, dragging them into
the open to be mown down in a hail
of aethershot.

SKYWARDENS

Formed of elite Arkanaut crews,
Skywardens are the second of
the two Skyrigger configurations
common across all Kharadron
fleets. Soaring through the air with
the aid of their single-pilot aether-
endrins, Skywardens function as
airborne shock troops rather than
dedicated combat mechanics. They
descend to disrupt enemy formations
and strike at vulnerable targets
before employing their superior
mobility to avoid retribution. As
a further deterrent, Skywarden
units are equipped with skymines
and timed charges. Enemies who
attempt to give pursuit must navigate
a murderous field of drifting
explosives, and one misstep could
see them blown to smithereens.

The weapons carried by Skywarden
teams suit their role as aerial cavalry.
Vulcaniser pistols are short-ranged
but deadly sidearms that fire
superheated blasts of aether. Even
the heaviest armour can be reduced
to molten slag by concentrated
vulcaniser fire. Enemies reeling
under this barrage are easy prey for
other Skywardens carr ying skypikes.
Each skypike is taller than the
duardin who bears it; when propelled
by both its whirring aether-powered
engines and the strength of its
wielder’s arm, a well-aimed skypike
can tear through an ogor’s belly-plate
with a single blow.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
FRIGATES AND COMPANIES

Frigates and Companies

The Arkanaut Frigate has become a potent symbol of Kharadron militar y might. Sleek and swift, they car ve
through the skies like megalofins on the hunt, blasting their enemy with lethal broadsides before descending to
deliver their Arkanaut Companies into the thick of battle.

ARKANAUT FRIGATES

The Arkanaut Frigate represents
centuries of refinement by the
shipwrights of the Endrineers Guild.
In its design, a balance was struck
between speed, transport capacity
and firepower to create a versatile
craft that could serve as the mainstay
for the airfleets. With its sleek hull
and powerful buoyancy endrin, the
Arkanaut Frigate is fast enough to
escape a ravenous lumprey and has
enough power to pull clear from the
gravitational drag of a density hole.

While a Frigate’s cargo holds are tiny
compared to the massive aetherhulks
or cloud-dredgers used for mining,
these craft carr y few weapons and
move at a speed that can barely
cause a flag to ripple. Among the
core vessels of the airfleets, only
the Arkanaut Ironclad bears more
firepower than the Frigate. The
Frigate’s main gun is mounted atop
the foredeck in a turret that can be
fitted with either a sky cannon or a
harpoon-like skyhook, weapons as
devastating in war as they are in the
Kharadron’s hunts for the monstrous
creatures that prowl the sky-ways
above Chamon.

Bow-mounted ball turrets house
aethershot swivelguns, their high-
velocity salvoes laying down a deadly
spray of shot, and the craft’s payload
of grudgesettler bombs can lay waste
to tightly packed ground targets.
Should attackers attempt to board
the Frigate, detonation drills are
released, tearing up the terrain in
a chain of seismic blasts to stop the
enemy’s manoeuvres in their tracks.
The ship is similarly well defended
against aerial threats – many a
harkraken tentacle has snaked out
of the clouds seeking to grasp an
Arkanaut Frigate, only to be repelled
by exploding skymines.

Arkanaut Frigates can be found
throughout the airfleets. They form
the backbone of the patrols that
secure the airspace around every

major sky-port. For lesser trade
ventures, Arkanaut Frigates may
even haul goods, although typically
they act as escorts to the trade fleets.
In small-scale mining operations,
Arkanaut Frigates perform all the
associated ship duties – hunting
aether-gold seams, cloud dredging
and siphoning, and transporting
the unrefined gases. In larger
operations, the Arkanaut Frigates
are still used but their role centres
around protecting the vulnerable
mining trawlers and tankers. Yet
the versatile nature of the Arkanaut
Frigate should not distract from the
fact that the Kharadron Overlords
designed it as a ship of war, and it is
in battle where the craft truly excels.

During the breaking of the blockade
of Barak-Zon, Arkanaut Frigates
of all the sky-ports assumed a line
abreast formation. They poured forth
such firepower that not only was
the arcane chain that threatened to
strangle the floating city broken, but
the flying daemon hosts were utterly
obliterated. Beasts and tribesmen
alike throughout the Kharzdon
Mountains looked skyward to see
strange flickering lights, ignorant of
the fact that the phenomenon was
caused by the daemons’ spectacular
doom, visible even in broad daylight.
Even a trio of Arkanaut Frigates
possesses a terrifying amount of
firepower, as was proven at the battle
over Grimlock Pass. There, a small
fleet out of Barak-Nar was enough
to break the charge of Waaagh!
Ironteef, saving several mountaintop
trading posts in that region. No
greenskins have dared enter the
pass since.

ARKANAUT COMPANIES

Despite the overwhelming firepower
of the airfleets, all Admirals know
that to secure territory,
infantr y is
needed. When it comes to feet on the
ground, the Arkanaut Companies
form the Kharadron Overlords’
main fighting forces. Descending
swiftly via a Frigate’s grav-ladders

or suspension ropes, an Arkanaut
Company can deploy rapidly into
the fray. Most are armed with pistols
and stout cutting blades, allowing
them to pepper the enemy with
shots before engaging them at close
quarters. A few of the Arkanauts
carr y heavier weaponry – a skypike
adds to a company’s close-combat
prowess, an aethermatic volley gun
lays down a blisteringly high rate of
fire, while the portable version of the
ship-mounted skyhook is effective at
bringing down large targets.

The Arkanaut Companies are a
hardened lot, toughened not only by
battle but also the daily challenge of
aeronautical
life. They spend whole
wind cycles at a time aboard their
craft, crammed into tight quarters.
What seemed like easy sailing can
become a treacherous journey with
little warning, whether owing to
sudden and severe climatic change
or attacks from airborne raiders
and monsters. Simply standing
watch at high altitude is an ordeal,
for even within Arkanaut armour
a duardin becomes wind-bitten,
their skin hardened by the strange
metallic airs that drift far above
the clouds of Chamon. Special
rebreathers built into their helms
and masks filter toxic vapours as the
Arkanauts work long shifts scanning
the horizon for foes, searching
for the telltale shimmer of aether-
gold veins or watching out for the
oncoming specks that can all too
quickly resolve into roaring packs of
manticores. Every black cloud that
passes might harbour a harkraken,
and enemy fleets – from those of
rogue sky-ports to airborne grots –
can attack from any angle.


PAGEBREAK
VESSELS OF RENOWN

In the annals of the Kharadron Overlords, there are
countless examples of how the actions of a single
skyvessel have changed the course of history. The
names of these ships echo through the ages, and tales
of their exploits and the heroism of their Captains
inspire the next generation of Kharadron aeronauts.

Perhaps the most famous vessel of all is the Arkanaut
Frigate Nazgrund (‘Cloudhammer’),
the legendary
flagship of Horgrumm Brand, first of the Kharadron
Grand Admirals. The most cutting-edge example of
Kharadron aeronautical endrineering of its time, the
Nazgrund fought at the Battle of the First Coalition,
in which a newly united Kharadron armada smashed
the skyborne hosts of the Tetronomicar,
three Daemon
Princes who had pursued the sky-ports ever since
they first took off from their former mountain homes.
Though he masterminded a stunning victory against
overwhelming odds, Grand Admiral Brand fell during
that engagement, his flesh turned to silver by a bolt

of witchfire from a Lord of Change’s
staff. To honour
his sacrifice, Brand’s metal body was mounted to
the Nazgrund ’s prow as a figurehead. The vessel was
subsequently piloted by many famous Captains and
Admirals, and after centuries of service, it now takes
pride of place in the Ancestor’s Plaza of Barak-Nar.
Rumour has it that the sky-port’s Endrineers Guild has
equipped the venerable Frigate with the latest aether-
jet endrins and an arsenal of experimental weaponry,
and it stands ready to once more lead the City of the
First Sunrise into battle in their darkest hour.

Each sky-port has its own heroes. Rhyngul Vengryn
(‘Redmetal Vengeance’),
the flagship of Captain Grund
Tahlihro, so-called Master of the Outer Airs, is known
by every beardling in Barak-Zon. Songs are still sung
in Barak-Mhornar extolling the deeds of the infamous
Zayn Reggsson and his Ironclad Night’s Gift , while
Admiral Ebbrig Ahl-Kalim of Barak-Z ilfin mapped
more of the great sky-lanes than any other port aboard
his Arkanaut Frigate Trailblazer .

Despite the many dangers of life
on the sky-ways, there are always
more duardin who wish to become
Arkanauts, eager for their chance to
earn great wealth. In the days of the
Sky Exodus, the growing airfleets
were crewed by clans. When the
Code was established, however,
meritocracy supplanted the old ways,
and so recruiting practices changed.
Those who served in the Arkanaut
Companies were not simply able
bodies connected by blood, they
were the boldest of their kind.

On the day of Br ynruf – when the
sun shines gold over Chamon – the
different Arkanaut Academies
of every sky-port hold a six-day
competition. Only the highest
achievers are allowed into the
Arkanaut Academies, the training
facilities where airfleet veterans
conduct militar y drills and teach
aeronautical skills. On Musterpress
days, Captains arrive to observe the
drills, and they may choose to recruit
new crew members by purchasing
contracts, often to fill the places that
have become available through death
or injury. Those selected to join the
Arkanaut Companies wi l l endure
any number of rites and rituals
sacred to their new fleet, ship or
both. Those passed over after three
Musterpresses must instead settle for
lesser positions, often on mining or
fishing vessels or as dockworkers.


PAGEBREAK
The Grundcorps

THE GRUNDCORPS

To ensure the protection of their ship and the safeguarding of their cargo, Kharadron officers turn to the
professional soldiers of the Grundcorps. Oathsigned into contracts of ser vice and wielding a blistering array of
weapons, these grizzled duardin put their lives on the line in the name of profit and glory.

To the Kharadron Overlords, the
name Grundstok is synonymous
with elite militar y prowess. In
exchange for a charter and shares
in the fleets’ profits, the Grundstok
Company – sometimes called the
Grundcorps – sends their highly
trained warriors and escort fighter
craft to safeguard the airfleets.
Founded soon after the Sky
Exodus, the rise of the Grundcorps
has paralleled the growth of
the burgeoning empire of the
Kharadron Overlords.

Now,
their training academies can
be found in all major sky-ports,
and even some minor ones. Their
mission has remained the same since
they were established by Belegrimm
Grundstok,
in the days when he
trained units of crack shots. Their
motto,
‘kazar valrhank’, means
‘protect with honour’.
It is a duty
they evidently perform well, for
Grundcorps business is flourishing.

GRUNDSTOK THUNDERERS

The Grundstok Thunderers are
militarised formations employed by
the fleet to provide defence against
hostile forces. While their main task
is to repel boarders with vicious,
close-range firepower,
they are
equally comfortable operating in
the field. The endless training and
drilling conducted by the Grundstok
Academies results in high standards
of discipline and marksmanship in
their graduates – upon commands
from their officer, the Grundcaptain,
they march, wheel and ready their
aim with awe-inspiring speed and
precision. Firing in near-perfect
synchronicity, a line of Grundstok
Thunderers temporarily disappears
among eye-searing flashes and
weapon reports as they unleash a
storm of munitions that can halt
even the most well-armoured foes in
their tracks.

The Grundstok Company spares no
expense in outfitting their warriors,
and each is equipped with the finest

arms and armour available to the
Kharadron Overlords. Aethershot
rifles shoot a hypercharged blast of
aether that condenses mid-flight
into a solid round, combining a
high rate of fire with impressive
stopping power. The aethercannon
operates on a similar principle
but is a heftier model that fires
rounds of a much larger calibre. The
aetheric fumigator belches forth a
cloud of noxious fumes, while the
multi-barrelled decksweeper fires
a wide spray of aether-grain shot,
ideal for repelling enemy boarding
actions. Meanwhile, the Grundstok
mortar lobs a high-arcing shell that
terminates in a blinding explosion
of lethal aether-energies. With such
a versatile combination of arms at
their disposal, there is no combat
situation that the Thunderers are not
equipped to deal with.

Grundstok Thunderer formations
often include an Honour Bearer,
a warrior carr ying an ancestral
standard that holds a record of the
unit’s proud history. Furthermore,
it is tradition for units to be
accompanied by an aethermatic bird
known as a drillbill, in honour of
the original that was taken to battle
by Grundstok himself. Grundstok
Thunderers are transported aboard
an Arkanaut Frigate or Ironclad,
forming an invaluable reserve that
can be deployed quickly to wherever
they are needed. Kharadron militar y
history is replete with stories of
Thunderers arriving in the nick
of time to solidify a battle line or

drive back an encroaching enemy,
standing alone at battle’s end
surrounded by a circle of fallen foes.

Notoriously proud of their martial
heritage, Grundstok marines are not
shy about extolling their own skill in
battle, nor do they hold back when
criticising the marksmanship and
general soldiery of their Arkanaut
comrades. This occasionally causes
friction between the two groups, but
all is forgiven when battle calls, for
even the most truculent Arkanaut
has a grudging respect for the
manner in which the Grundcorps
methodically obliterates its foes.

GRUNDSTOK GUNHAULERS

Roving the skies in tight formations,
Grundstok Gunhaulers are one of
the fastest classes of vessel found
among the Kharadron sky-fleets.
Each Gunhauler is a two-duardin
attack craft, propelled by a single
buoyancy endrin and armed
with an array of deadly main and
secondary armaments.

Unlike the Frigates and Ironclads
that comprise the Kharadron
ships of the line, Gunhaulers
belong not to the Arkanaut fleets
but to the Grundstok Company.
Primarily employed to protect
the errant sky-fleets, the militar y
contractors of the Grundstok
Company offer the services of
Gunhaulers as escort vessels. These
craft – nimble in comparison to
their charges – provide fire support
alongside the heavier vessels of a
fleet and take advantage of their
speed to proactively seek out and
obliterate threats.

Gunhaulers switch between
these two roles according to the
commands of their Admiral.
When on the offensive, they are
typically tasked with eliminating
single targets. Doggedly seeking
out their prey, Gunhaulers dart
through the chaos of battle before
blasting the unlucky foe to shreds


PAGEBREAK
with booming sky cannons and
armour-penetrating drill cannon
rounds. Though they have the profile
of escort ships rather than sleek
fighter craft, these swift vessels are
capable of surprising feats of agility
in the hands of a skilled pilot – and
the Grundstok Academies have no
shortage of those.

When escorting larger skyvessels,
the Grundstok Gunhaulers prove
just as adept. Each crewman has
been relentlessly drilled in the
importance of safeguarding their
sister ships – after all, both the
reputation and the profits of the
Grundstok Company depend upon
it. Gunhauler pilots wi l l employ
their craft’s
impressive agility to
interdict airborne enemies or,
in dire
circumstances, position themselves
to physically absorb an incoming
attack. Escort vessels they may be,
but Gunhaulers are still sturdy,
duardin-made constructs, able to
endure heavy damage and fight on.
In times of need, a Gunhauler can
divert more power to its aether-
endrins, flying high to reposition
itself before descending from above
once more with guns blazing in a
blistering attack run.

Arkanaut Narvi Gundersson watched,
grim-faced, as hundreds of skittering shapes
surged towards the beacon tower.
‘Present,’
roared Captain Drumm, and a dozen
exhausted and bloody privateers of Barak-Zon rose
above the parapet, guns aimed.
‘This time it’ ll come down to steel,’ Drumm said, as
the wretched things drew ever closer.
‘Make it count,
boys. There’ ll be a plot in Heroes’ Rise for each and all
of us!’
Narvi cheered along with the rest, but he could
not help but think of what might have been. It was
a mighty haul of aether-gold they’d sniffed out. A
‘career-maker’,
the Captain had called it.
Looking out at the carpet of chitinous bodies, Narvi
guessed that his own, nascent career was about to
come to an abrupt and v iolent end.
‘Grobkaz,’ he cursed, and as Captain Drumm
bellowed the order to fire, he sighted the nearest spider
and gave it a mouthful of aethershot.
The thing’s head came apar t in a spray of ichor and
gristle, its rider tumbling away squealing. A ripple of
gunfire scy thed down dozens more of the spiders, then
the scuttling abominations spilled over the rampar ts
and the slaughter began.

its

Narvi heard the screams of dying shipmates. A stray,
green-fletched arrow caught him in the thigh and
he sank to his knees with a groan. Rearing over the
parapet came a long-limbed arachnoid nightmare,
many eyes peering at him greedily.
Career over, Narvi had time to think.
Then the creature burst apar t, splattering him with
gooey, yellow slime.
‘What in Grungni’s name? ’ he muttered, rolling onto
his elbows and staring up at the crimson sky to see a
squadron of Grundstok Gunhaulers roar overhead,
strafing away at the mass of spiders with their
hull-mounted sw ivelguns.
Scrabbling to his feet, Narvi grinned as an Arkanaut
Frigate soared in behind the Gunhaulers, disgorging
squads of heavily armed Thunderers from its metal
hatches. Levelling large-bore cannons and aethershot
rifles, the Grundstok marines fired a deadly accurate
volley that cleared the edge of the rampar t and
another that turned a score more arachnids into
glistening mulch.
‘Wonder ful,’
said Captain Drumm, spitting a
mouthful of chewed-up blackleaf over the edge of the
battlement.
‘Saved by the glory-seekers. We’ll never
hear the end of this.’


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Surging forth from the clouds come the Kharadron Overlords, strafing their daemonic foes with
raking streams of aethershot and spiralling torpedoes.


PAGEBREAK
DEATH FROM ABOVE

DEATH FROM ABOVE

There are few more astonishing and imposing sights in the Mortal Realms than that of a Kharadron sky-fleet
bursting forth from the clouds, sunlight glinting upon the polished endrinspheres of huge iron warships and the
guns of airborne privateers as they descend upon their foes.

The Kharadron Overlords attack in tight formation, heavy Ironclads and Frigates providing a core of overwhelming
firepower while endrin-equipped Skyriggers and swift Grundstok Gunhaulers clear out enemy infantry.


PAGEBREAK
Brokk Grungsson,
Lord-Magnate of Barak-Nar

Aetheric Navigator

Aether-Khemist

Arkanaut Admiral

Endrinmaster


PAGEBREAK
Enrik Ironhail

Garodd Alensen

Bjorgen Thundrik

Dead-Eye Lund

Khazgan Drakkskewer

Thundrik’s Profiteers are a band of hard-bitten, gunslinging Kharadron privateers who have travelled far across the
deadly w ilds of the realms in search of a career-making score.


PAGEBREAK
Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit

An Endrinmaster and his loyal crew of Skyriggers launch an assault upon territory held by the Disciples of Tzeentch,
sweeping down upon their sorcerous foes with guns blazing.


PAGEBREAK
It is an Endrinrigger’s duty not only to conduct combat repairs on the fleet’s
skyvessels, but also to respond to emerging
threats – such as rampaging, boulder-hurling Cygors – with volleys of aethershot and glowing-hot rivets.

Skyhook

Grapnel

launcher

Endrinriggers with rapid-fire rivet guns and aethermatic saws


PAGEBREAK
Company Captain with
volley pistol

Company Captain with
aetherflare pistol

Arkanaut Company

Arkanaut with skypike

Arkanaut with
aethermatic volley gun

Arkanaut with light skyhook

Arkanaut Company

An Aether-Khemist

leads a platoon of heavily armed Kharadron infantry into the sweltering jungles of Invidia,
a trail of aether-gold into lands infested with skittering, arachnid horrors.

following


PAGEBREAK
Skyvessel bomb racks carry a variety of warheads.

Crew-operated aethershot carbine

Grundstok Gunhauler


PAGEBREAK
Grundstok Thunderer with
decksweeper

Grundstok Thunderer with
Grundstok mor tar

Grundstok Thunderer with
aethercannon

Honour Bearer

Grundstok Thunderer with
aethershot rifle

Gunnery Sergeant

Grundstok Thunderer with
aetheric fumigator

An Arkanaut Admiral,
seeing his expeditionary fleet outnumbered by throngs of bloodthirsty Slaves to Darkness,
calls upon the devastating firepower of the Grundstok Thunderers to even the odds.


PAGEBREAK
The Spiral Crux is a land ravaged by arcane storms of terrible power and dominated by the Disciples of Tzeentch, but its
vast reserves of aether-gold are far too tempting a prize for the Kharadron sky-ports to ignore.


PAGEBREAK
Ancestor figurehead

Arkanaut Frigate


PAGEBREAK
Arkanaut

Ironclad


PAGEBREAK
The veteran Captain of a bulky Arkanaut
Ironclad skilfully guides his vessel through a narrow
canyon before unleashing a devastating salvo of fire into a swirl of Nighthaunt gheists.


PAGEBREAK
PRIDE OF THE SKY-PORTS

PRIDE OF THE SKY-PORTS

The Kharadron Overlords organise their vessels into airfleets, each built around a core of mighty ships of the
line but also containing a variety of swift escort gunships and firearm-wielding infantry. There are many ways to
collect a Kharadron army, but below you w i l l find an example of a coherent, themed collection.

There’s no right way or wrong way
to go about collecting a Kharadron
Overlords army. You might like the
look of a particular model, such as
the imposing Arkanaut Ironclad,
with its complement of gleaming
cannons. Alternatively, you might
take a look through the warscrolls
in the battletome and opt to choose
units that seem particularly well
suited to your playstyle. However
you choose to go about it, the end
goal is always the same: to create
a mighty host of battle-hardened
privateers ready to take to the skies
in search of profit and glory!

An Arkanaut Admiral was the
obvious choice of leader for our
Barak-Z ilfin airfleet. As befits his
lofty rank, the Admiral wears one
of the most advanced battle-rigs
available to a duardin of the skies,
and wields a formidable pair of
weapons in the form of an armour-
busting skalfhammer and rapid-
firing volley pistol, making him
more than capable of holding his
own in both ranged shoot-outs and
close combat. He also has access
to several powerful command
abilities, making him an invaluable
force multiplier.

As with any airfleet worth its
salt, our army boasts a number of
specialists and warrant officers to
cover all our tactical needs. An
Aetheric Navigator wi l l enable
our airships and flying units to
cover even more ground, while an
Aether-Khemist can further boost
the ki l ling power of aethershot
weapons. Since we have a hefty
number of vessels to take care of,
we have added not one but two
Endrinmasters – one with a dirigible
suit that wi l l allow him to soar
across the skies and quickly reach
any stricken vessels.


PAGEBREAK
Speaking of skyvessels, we have
liberally sprinkled these into our
army. A mighty Arkanaut Ironclad
is an incredible showpiece model,
and can transport our infantr y units
directly into the heart of battle. Two
Arkanaut Frigates provide intense
firepower and further transport
capacity, while three Grundstok
Gunhaulers can run interference and
respond to any emerging threats.

Every army benefits from a strong
core of infantry, and we have chosen
two Arkanaut Companies to lead
the line. These wi l l start each battle
in the hold of the Frigates, ready
to jump out and enter the fray as
necessary. A unit of elite Grundstok
Thunderers adds much-appreciated
firepower, with a variety of weapons
capable of wiping out even the
toughest targets. The elite aerial

cavalr y known as Skywardens are
ready to respond swiftly with their
skypikes and volley guns. These
warriors can latch onto the larger
vessels in order to greatly increase
their speed, and also pack an
explosive surprise for pursuers in the
form of skymines and timed charges.

Though they also wear aether-
endrins, Endrinriggers offer a more
defensive option. These trained
mechanics conduct on-the-spot
airborne repairs, though if necessary
they can turn their high-powered
tools upon their enemies.

Offering a potent blend of speed and
firepower, our Barak-Z ilfin airfleet
wi l l be able to outmanoeuvre and
pick their foes apart, earning a
bounteous score of precious aether-
gold in the process!

1. Arkanaut Admiral
2. Aether-Khemist
3. Aetheric Navigator
4. Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit
5. Endrinmaster with Endrinharness
6. Arkanaut
Ironclad
7. Arkanaut Frigate
8. Grundstok Gunhaulers
9. Arkanaut Company
10. Grundstok Thunderers
11. Skywardens
12. Endrinriggers

‘There comes a time in every Arkanaut’s

career when you have to straighten your

beard and roll the dhrazba. No one ever

made their fortune by playing things safe.’

- Lord-Magnate Brokk Grungsson

of Barak-Nar


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR KHARADRON
OVERLORDS

PAINTING YOUR
KHARADRON OVERLORDS

The airfleets of the Kharadron Overlords make for a spectacular sight upon the battlefield, a gleaming fusion of
technology and arcane science. Whether you are a brand-new painter approaching your first ever collection, or a
veteran brush-wielder, the following tips and tricks w i l l help you to get the best from your models.

One of the most enjoyable aspects
of the Games Workshop hobby is
taking paint and brush and bringing
your collection of Citadel Miniatures
to life. Even a single model looks
fantastic when carefully painted
and based. However, nothing
beats gathering your miniatures
together into a fully painted tabletop
army upon the field of battle and
seeing the impressive spectacle
they present.

Painting your Citadel Miniatures is
as much a personalised experience
as collecting and gaming. Within
the pages of this battletome and
beyond, you wi l l see many colour
schemes that, should you choose to,
you can copy in order to have your

Kharadron Overlords hail from
a specific sky-port. On the other
hand, perhaps you would prefer to
use your own palette and paint your
models in colours that appeal to
you. Some painters enjoy lavishing
hours of attention upon every
model, bringing them up to the most
spectacular individual standard they
can manage. Others prefer to paint
their models in batches, aiming to
turn out entire regiments ready for
battle whose coherent colour scheme
and massed numbers make them
look fantastic upon the tabletop. As
with all aspects of this hobby,
there’s
really no right or wrong way to do
things so long as you’re happy with
the end result. So whether you’re
looking to assemble a battle-scarred

SKYVESSEL HULL SCRATCHES

squadron of Arkanaut privateers,
or the fu l l majesty of a Kharadron
fleet, embrace your creativity and get
some paint on your brush!

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

This hull has been painted with broad stripes of
Thunderhawk Blue and Zamesi Desert. To add scratches,
paint dashes of Russ Grey on the blue areas and Ushabti
Bone on the yellow areas.

For a sharper effect, apply highlights of Administratum
Grey onto the Russ Grey dashes and Pallid Wych Flesh
onto the Ushabti Bone dashes.

Create the illusion of a recess by applying a line just
above the upper edge of each dash. Use Rhinox Hide
on the blue areas and Mournfang Brown on the
yellow areas.

Finally, use Skrag Brown to simulate dribbles of rust
and oil seeping from the cracks and the panels. For best
results, we recommend using a fine brush such as an
S Artificer Layer Brush.


PAGEBREAK
COMPASSES FLEET SYMBOL

Paint a circle with two
diagonal
lines coming
off it. You can use the
hull’s
rivets as points
of reference.

Now, paint a smaller circle
within the first and add
further lines to form thin
triangles pointing away
from it.

Fill in the shape you have
just sketched out, forming
the appearance of a pair
of compasses.

With an XS Artificer Layer
Brush, carefully add small
navigational runes around
the main symbol.

CROSS-AXE VESSEL SYMBOL

First, make sure you have
achieved a smooth, flat
underlying colour – in this
case, Khorne Red.

Start by painting a simple
cross of Averland Sunset.
This acts as a basis for the
rest of the symbol.

Next, add a line joining
the bottom of the cross,
and two thinner lines as a
basis for the axe heads.

Fill out the shape of the
axe heads by adding small
triangles, cutting in with
the base paint if necessary.

PORTHOLES

First, carefully
basecoat the
porthole with
Abaddon Black.

Apply a layer of
Warpstone Glow,
leaving a small area
of black at the top.

Now, paint a
crescent of Moot
Green around the
bottom edge.

Next, paint an even
thinner crescent
of Yriel Yellow to
outline the shape.

Lastly, apply
Waystone Green to
the entire area to
give it a gloss sheen.

PORTHOLES USING TECHNICAL PAINTS

Top Tip: Using

a gold basecoat
instead of silver
at this stage wi l l
slightly alter the
hue of the following
Technical paints – a
silver basecoat is
better if you want to
maintain the paint’s
original colour.

Start with a basecoat
of Leadbelcher
– two thin coats
works best.

Soulstone Blue
painted over
Leadbelcher gives a
cold effect.

A Leadbelcher base
emphasises the
blue pigment in
Waystone Green.

Spiritstone Red
painted over
Leadbelcher looks
quite menacing.


PAGEBREAK
BARAK-NAR

The warriors of Barak-Nar, City of
the First Sunrise, wear overalls of
regal purple underneath cold steel
armour with gold flourishes.

BARAK-ZILFIN

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage: Leadbelcher,

Screamer Pink, Zandri Dust (gloves
and straps), Rakar th Flesh (rag),
Balthasar Gold, Abaddon Black

The Windmasters of Barak-Z ilfin
complement their tempest-blue
undersuits with warm bronze for an
effective contrast.

BARAK-ZON

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage: Leadbelcher,

Balthasar Gold, Abaddon Black, The
Fang, Rakar th Flesh, Rhinox Hide,
Screamer Pink

A militaristic sky-port, the proud
warriors of Barak-Zon stand tall in
their distinctive uniforms of red and
deep blue.

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage: Khorne Red,

Stegadon Scale Green (overalls),
Retributor Armour (gold), Zandri
Dust (straps), Leadbelcher (silver)


PAGEBREAK
Shade Stage: Drakenhof Nightshade
(armour), Nuln Oil Gloss (weapons),
Druchii Violet (overalls), Seraphim
Sepia, Agrax Earthshade Gloss (gold)

Layer 1 Stage: Ironbreaker,

Fulgurite Copper, Genestealer
Purple, Karak Stone (straps),
Pallid Wych Flesh (rag), Dark
Reaper (black)

Layer 2 Stage: Stormhost Silver (all
metallics), Slaanesh Grey (overalls),
Screaming Skull (straps), Fenrisian
Grey (black)

Layer 1 Stage: Fulgurite Copper,
Thunderhawk Blue, Mechanicus
Standard Grey, Pallid Wych Flesh,
Skrag Brown

Shade Stage: Reikland Fleshshade
Gloss (bronze), Nuln Oil (overalls
and steel), Druchii Violet (haft),
Reikland Fleshshade (helm)

Layer 2 Stage: Sycorax Bronze, Russ
Grey (overalls), White Scar (helm),
Balor Brown, Administratum Grey,
Stormhost Silver, Pink Horror

Shade Stage: Nuln Oil (armour
and overalls), Reikland Fleshshade
(gold), Nuln Oil, Nuln Oil Gloss
(silver), Seraphim Sepia (straps)

Layer 1 Stage: Evil Sunz Scarlet,
Auric Armour Gold, Sotek Green
(overalls), Ushabti Bone (straps),
Mechanicus Standard Grey (black)

Layer 2 Stage: Fire Dragon Bright
(armour), Stormhost Silver (all
metallics), Karak Stone (overalls),
Administratum Grey (black)


PAGEBREAK
BARAK-URBAZ

The profiteers of Barak-Urbaz
are distinguished by pink-purple
overalls and steel armour with a
distinctive blue-green tint.

BARAK-MHORNAR

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage: Leadbelcher

(silver), Balthasar Gold (light
bronze), Screamer Pink (overalls),
Mournfang Brown, Warplock Bronze
(dark bronze)

Dark blue armour is the hallmark of
Barak-Mhornar, a sky-port infamous
for its dubious interpretation of the
Kharadron Code.

BARAK-THRYNG

Undercoat: Chaos Black Spray

Basecoat Stage: Leadbelcher (silver),
Stegadon Scale Green (armour),
Zandri Dust (overalls), Balthasar
Gold (bronze), Rhinox Hide (leather)

Not ones for ostentation, Arkanauts
of Barak-Thryng wear a utilitarian
beige plate over red overalls. Their
ancestor icons are highly polished
out of respect.

Undercoat: Corax White Spray

Basecoat Stage: Screaming Skull,
Fulgurite Copper, Rhinox Hide,
Leadbelcher, Abaddon Black,
Khorne Red


PAGEBREAK
Shade Stage: Nuln Oil Gloss
(silver), Nuln Oil (overalls), Coelia
Greenshade (armour), Agrax
Earthshade (leather), Reikland
Fleshshade (bronze)

Layer 1 Stage: Fulgurite Copper
(bronze), Pink Horror (overalls),
Skrag Brown (leather), Mechanicus
Standard Grey (black)

Layer 2 Stage: Stormhost Silver
(all metallics), Karak Stone
(overalls), Balor Brown (leather),
Administratum Grey (black)

Shade Stage: Nuln Oil (armour),
Seraphim Sepia (overalls), Reikland
Fleshshade Gloss (bronze), Nuln Oil
Gloss (silver)

Layer 1 Stage: Sotek Green

(armour), Ushabti Bone (overalls),
Fulgurite Copper (bronze), Eshin
Grey (black), Skrag Brown (leather)

Layer 2 Stage: Fenrisian Grey
(armour), Pallid Wych Flesh
(overalls), Administratum
Grey (black), Stormhost Silver
(all metallics)

Shade Stage: Seraphim Sepia
(armour), Reikland Fleshshade Gloss
(brass), Nuln Oil Gloss (silver), Nuln
Oil (overalls)

Layer 1 Stage: Screaming Skull
(armour), Stormhost Silver (all
metallics), Dark Reaper (black), Evil
Sunz Scarlet, Skrag Brown

Layer 2 Stage: White Scar (armour),
Administratum Grey (black),
Fire Dragon Bright (overalls),
Balor Brown


PAGEBREAK
ARKANAUT ADMIRAL KITBASH

First, take an Arkanaut Admiral
armed with a Skalfhammer.

Using a Citadel Knife, cut off the
hammer’s flat face with care.

Use a Grundstok Thunderer Honour
Bearer’s standard for the next step.

Taking great care, cut out the runic
stone from the ring of the standard.

Trim away the bottom section of the
stone using the lowest line as a guide.

Now, attach the stone to the trimmed
hammer to form a unique weapon.

PAINTING KHARADRON ARTEFACTS

Basecoat Stage:

Leadbelcher, Retributor
Armour (gold),
Mechanicus Standard
Grey, Warplock Bronze,
Screamer Pink

Shade Stage: Nuln Oil

Gloss (silver), Reikland
Fleshshade Gloss (gold),
Nuln Oil (head and haft)

Layer 1 Stage: Auric

Armour Gold, Dawnstone
(head), Pink Horror,
White Scar (glow)

Layer 2 Stage: Stormhost

Silver (all metallics),
Administratum Grey
(head), Emperor’s
Children (haft), Soulstone
Blue (glow)


PAGEBREAK
SKYWARDEN SUB-ASSEMBLY

Instead of gluing the parts together, we left this
Skywarden in two separate pieces – the duardin
himself was mounted on a spare flying stand, and his
aether-endrin on another.

The aether-endrin
was undercoated with
Retributor Armour Spray…

…while the Skywarden
himself was undercoated
with Chaos Black Spray.

BASES – PAINTING DIFFERENT ENVIRONMENTS

The masonry was painted Kantor Blue and Retributor
Armour. These were all given a shade of Nuln Oil.
Stirland Mud was applied to the base and when it was
dr y it was given a drybrush of Skrag Brown. The whole
base was drybrushed Screaming Skull and Middenland
Tufts were applied.

Here, the stone was painted using Stormvermin Fur
and the brass embossed detail was given a basecoat
of Warplock Bronze. The earth was painted with
Astrogranite Debris and then drybrushed with
Longbeard Grey. Finally, Valhallan Blizzard was added
in patches for the snow.

This red-desert effect was achieved with Martian
Ironcrust Technical paint drybrushed with Eldar Flesh.
The masonry was painted with Stormvermin Fur and
Retributor Armour.

This example uses Stirland Battlemire with a
dr ybrushing of Dawnstone. The masonry was painted
with Zandri Dust and Fulgurite Copper, and Mordheim
Turf was used for the grass.


PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF THE KHARADRON

FORCES OF THE
KHARADRON

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Kharadron Overlords miniatures on the battlefields
of the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Kharadron
Overlords army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book .

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to units in a
Kharadron Overlords army (pg 61).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of a
Kharadron Overlords army if it is a
HERO (pg 62-63).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES
in a Kharadron Overlords army
(pg 64-65).

GREAT ENDRINWORKS

Special modifications available
to SKYVESSELS in a Kharadron
Overlords army (pg 66-67).

SKY-PORTS

Abilities for the six most famous
Kharadron Overlords Sky-ports (pg
68-73). These rules can be used by
units in a Kharadron Overlords army
that have been given the appropriate
keyword (see the Sky-ports battle
trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a battleplan
that can be played with a Kharadron
Overlords army (pg 74-75).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Kharadron Overlords collection
in Path to Glory campaigns
(pg 76-79).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Kharadron
Overlords miniatures.

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Kharadron Overlords units
that combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 80-81).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is
included here. The rules for using
a Kharadron Overlords unit,
along with its characteristics and
abilities, are detailed on its warscroll
(pg 82-95).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units and warscroll
battalions in this book (pg 96).

ALLIES

This section also contains a list of the
allies a Kharadron Overlords army
can include (pg 96).


PAGEBREAK
Allegiance Abilities

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

Battle Traits

MASTERS OF THE SKIES

SKY-PORTS

From the mar tial prospectors of
Barak-Zon to the piratical raiders
of Barak-Mhornar,
the duardin of
the different sky-por ts are highly
distinct in their character.

If your army is a Kharadron
Overlords army, you can give
it a Sky-port keyword from the
list below instead of picking an
artycle, amendment and footnote
for your army. All KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units in your army
gain that keyword, and you must
use the extra abilities listed for that
Sky-port on the page indicated.

• BARAK-NAR (pg 68)
• BARAK-ZILFIN (pg 69)
• BARAK-ZON (pg 70)
• BARAK-URBAZ (pg 71)
• BARAK-MHORNAR (pg 72)
• BARAK-THRYNG (pg 73)

If a model already has a Sky-port
keyword on its warscroll,
it cannot
gain another one. This does not
preclude you from including the
unit in your army.

AETHER-GOLD

Aether-gold is the lifeblood of
Kharadron society,
for this lighter-
than-air metal holds their cities
aloft, fuels their ships and powers a
great deal of their weaponry.

Each KHARADRON OVERLORDS
HERO, SKYVESSEL and
KHARADRON OVERLORDS unit

with 10 or more models starts a
battle with 1 share of aether-gold.

Once per phase, you can say that 1
unit from your army that has any
shares of aether-gold will spend 1 of
them. If you do so, subtract 1 from
that unit’s Bravery characteristic
for the rest of the battle, but you
can pick a triumph it is eligible to
use and immediately apply its effect

to that unit. Ignore any restrictions
on a triumph that say it can only be
used once per battle if you pay to
use it with a share of aether-gold.

STICK TO THE CODE

The Code guides every aspect of the
Kharadron’s
lives.

When you choose a Kharadron
Overlords army, you can pick
1 artycle, 1 amendment and 1
footnote for your army from the
tables below. Alternatively, you can
roll a D3 on each table to determine
your army’s interpretation of the
Kharadron Code.

Artycle Table

D3

1

2

2

Artycle

Honour is Ever ything: You

can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made by friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS

HEROES that target a HERO

or MONSTER .

Master

the Skies: You

can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made by friendly
SKYVESSELS that target a
unit that can fly.

Settle the Grudges: After

armies are set up but before
the first battle round begins,
pick 1 enemy unit. You
can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made by friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS

units that target that unit.

Amendment Table

D3

1

2

3

Amendment

Always Take What You

Are Owed: Pick up to D3

different KHARADRON

OVERLORDS units in your
army. Each of those units
starts the battle with 1 share
of aether-gold in addition to
any they normally receive.

Prosecute Wars With All

Haste: In your first turn,

friendly KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units can

run and still shoot later in
the turn.

Trust To Your Guns: Add 1

to the Bravery characteristic
of friendly KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units while they
are more than 3" from any
enemy units.

Footnote Table

D3

1

2

3

Footnote

There’s No Reward
Without Risk: Once

per battle, you can re-
roll a charge roll for a

friendly KHARADRON
OVERLORDS unit.

There’s No Trading
With Some People: Once

per battle, a friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS

unit that has run and/or
retreated in the same turn
can still shoot and/or charge.

Without Our Ships, We
Are Naught: Once per

battle, you can heal up to
D3 wounds allocated to a
friendly SKYVESSEL .


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

LORDS OF THE SKY-FLEETS

ARKANAUT ADMIRAL only.

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Wealthy : This mighty champion has built up a
vast fortune during his lucrative career.

This general starts the battle with 2 shares of
aether-gold instead of 1.

Tough as Old Boots: This renowned officer is
amongst the hardiest of their kind.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Grudgebearer : This leader never forgets a slight,
biding their time until they can take revenge!

After armies are set up, pick 1 enemy HERO .
Double the damage inflicted by weapons used
by this general that target that HERO .

4

5

6

Cunning Fleetmaster : This wily admiral never

does what the enemy expects.

After armies are set up, but before the first battle
round begins, you can make a normal move
with 1 friendly SKYVESSEL . It can fly high unless

it is an ARKANAUT IRONCLAD .

War Wound: This general’s
famous battle
wisdom has been painfully learnt.

Roll a dice for this general in your hero phase.
On a 1, subtract 1 from hit rolls for this general
until your next hero phase. On a 2+, you receive
1 command point.

A Scholar and an Arkanaut: This general’s

knowledge of the Kharadron code is unrivalled.

You can pick an extra footnote for your
army. You cannot pick a footnote your army
already has.

SENIOR ENDRINEERS

ENDRINMASTER only.

Command Trait

Wealthy : This mighty champion has built up a
vast fortune during his lucrative career.

This general starts the battle with 2 shares of
aether-gold instead of 1.

Tough as Old Boots: This renowned officer is
amongst the hardiest of their kind.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Grudgebearer : This leader never forgets a slight,
biding their time until they can take revenge!

After armies are set up, pick 1 enemy HERO .
Double the damage inflicted by weapons used
by this general that target that HERO .

4

5

6

Grandmaster : This Endrinmaster’s knowledge
of the intricacies of Kharadron skyvessel design
is unmatched.

When you use this general’s Endrinmaster
ability, add 1 to the number of wounds the
ability allows you to heal.

Great Tinkerer : This famed inventor is always
coming up with ways to improve their creations.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this
general’s Gaze of Grungni weapon.

Endrinprofessor : This cantankerous

scholar
expects per fection from their students.

Once in each of your hero phases, this general
can use the By Grungni, I Have My Eye On You!
command ability without a command point
being spent.


PAGEBREAK
READERS OF THE GUIDING WINDS

AETHERIC NAVIGATOR only.

D6

Command Trait

1

2

3

Wealthy : This mighty champion has built up a
vast fortune during his lucrative career.

This general starts the battle with 2 shares of
aether-gold instead of 1.

Tough as Old Boots: This renowned officer is
amongst the hardiest of their kind.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Stormcaller : This brilliant Navigator guides
aetheric zephyrs as a maestro conducts
an orchestra.

When this general uses their Aetherstorm
ability, you can re-roll the dice that determines
what effect it has on the enemy unit.

4

5

6

Ride the Winds: Nobody can read the
wind currents more accurately than this
Aetheric Navigator.

Add 3" to the Move characteristic of a
SKYVESSEL that has this general in its garrison.

Sceptic: This stubborn Navigator refuses to
believe that magic is anything but superstition.

Add 1 to dispelling and unbinding rolls for
this general.

Diviner : This Navigator can use their
aethersight
to help determine in advance where
deposits of aether-gold will be found.

After armies are set up, pick 1 terrain feature or
objective. Do not take battleshock tests for friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS units while they are

wholly within 12" of that terrain feature or objective.

ALCHEMICAL INNOVATORS

AETHER-KHEMIST only.

Command Trait

Wealthy : This mighty champion has built up a
vast fortune during his lucrative career.

D6
1

2

3

This general starts the battle with 2 shares of
aether-gold instead of 1.

Tough as Old Boots: This renowned officer is
amongst the hardiest of their kind.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Grudgebearer : This leader never forgets a slight,
biding their time until they can take revenge!

After armies are set up, pick 1 enemy HERO .
Double the damage inflicted by weapons used
by this general that target that HERO .

4

5

6

A Nose for Gold: This Aether-Khemist’s finely
honed senses lead them unerringly to hidden
deposits of aether-gold.

Roll a dice for this general in your hero phase.
On a 5+, they gain 1 share of aether-gold.

Genius in the Mak ing: This Aether-Khemist

is
already renowned, even though they are a mere
stripling only a few dozen seasons old.

The range of this general’s Aetheric
Augmentation ability is 18" instead of 12".

Collector : This Aether-Khemist
spends most of
their aether-gold on the acquisition of rare and
power ful ar tefacts.

If you choose this general to have an artefact of
power, you can choose 1 extra friendly HERO to
have an artefact of power.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

PERKS OF RANK

ARKANAUT ADMIRAL only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Masterwrought Armour : This finely wrought

and detailed suit of armour is the acme of the
armourer’s ar t.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to the bearer. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Hammer of Aetheric Might: When swung

with enough force, this weapon can release its
supercharged aether-energies
in a brilliant flash.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with that
weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target in addition to its normal damage.

Gattleson’s Endless Repeater : Named

after its famous inventor,
this gun houses an
aether-supercharger
that gives it a tremendous
rate of fire.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of the
bearer’s Volley Pistol.

4

5

6

Rune of Mark: Upon this document is scribed
the name of a hated foe; should that foe be slain,
the bearer will be richly rewarded.

After armies are set up, pick 1 enemy HERO . If
that HERO is slain, before the model is removed
from play you can give 1 share of aether-gold
each to the 3 closest friendly KHARADRON

OVERLORDS units to that HERO .

Flask of Vintage Amberwhisky : This rare

duardin drink is said to be good for whatever
ails you.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
either heal up to D6 wounds allocated to the
bearer or heal up to 2 wounds allocated to
the bearer.

Proclamator Mask-hailer : Not even the hardest

of hearing can fail to understand any commands
issued through a Proclamator Mask-hailer.

Once per battle round, this general can use a
command ability on their warscroll without a
command point being spent.

AETHERMATIC INSTRUMENTS

AETHERIC NAVIGATOR only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Cyclonic Aethometer : This

intricate device adds to the
fury of any aetherstorm that
its bearer creates.

2

When you use the bearer’s
Aetherstorm ability, add 1 to
the dice roll that determines
its effect.

Svaregg-Stein ‘Illuminator ’
Flarepistol: This highly

prized ranging pistol
lights
up its mark, making it an
easy target for other sky farers
and vessels that shoot at it.

The first time in a battle
that the bearer’s Ranging
Pistol scores a hit on an
enemy unit, you can re-roll
hit rolls for attacks made by
other friendly KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units that
target that enemy unit in the
same phase.

3

Voidstone Orb: This small,

unassuming black globe
contains the power to disrupt
spells that an enemy might
try to cast.

Once per battle, when you
use the bearer’s Aethersight
ability, you can say that
the bearer wi l l use their
Voidstone Orb. If you do so,
the dispelling or unbinding
roll for that use of the ability
is automatically successful
(do not roll the dice).


PAGEBREAK
INGENIOUS GADGETS

ENDRINMASTER only.

Endrinmaster with Endrinharness

Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Cogmonculus: This small cogwork automaton
keeps the Endrinmaster’s
equipment
in per fect
working order.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Aether-injection Boosters: These power ful

boot-jets allow the wearer to quickly escape
from combat.

2

3

D3

1

Once per phase, you can re-roll 1 hit or wound
roll for an attack made by the bearer, or re-roll
1 save roll for an attack that targets the bearer.
You cannot use this ability to re-roll more than
1 dice per phase.

Aetherquartz Monolens: This exper tly crafted

crystal
lens greatly increases the range of any
Gaze of Grungni projector it is attached to.

The bearer’s Gaze of Grungni has a Range of 18"
instead of 9".

Seismic Shock-gauntlets: When the bearer

moves swiftly,
these kinetically powered gauntlets
gather large amounts of energy that can be
unleashed upon contact with the foe.

After the bearer makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of the bearer and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

2

3

When the bearer retreats, they can use the
Disengage and Fly High abilities from the
Grundstok Gunhauler warscroll (pg 92).

Phosphorite Bomblets: When these grenades

explode, they scatter blazing phosphorite all
around that burns with a white-hot heat.

Once per battle,
in your shooting phase, you
can pick 1 unit within 6" of this model and roll a
dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound
you can roll again. Keep on rolling until the
target is destroyed or you roll a 1.

Miniaturised Aethermatic Repulsion Field:

This small device pushes arcane energies away
from the one who carries it.

Each time the bearer is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do
so, on a 3+, ignore the effects of that spell on
the bearer.

AETHER-GOLD INVENTIONS

AETHER-KHEMIST only.

Artefact of Power

Emergency Ventplates:

When these vents are
triggered they belch forth an
opaque cloud of harmless
vapour that hides the Aether-
Khemist from sight.

Once per battle, at the start
of the enemy shooting phase,
you can say that the bearer
wi l l use their Emergency
Ventplates.
If you do so,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks that target the bearer
or any friendly unit wholly
within 6" of the bearer.

2

Caustic Anatomiser : When

special gas canisters in this
anatomiser are triggered,
the bearer is surrounded
by a dense cloud of deadly
corrosive gas.

Once per battle, at the start
of the combat phase, you can
say that the bearer wi l l use
their Caustic Anatomiser.
If you do so, roll a dice for
each enemy model within 6"
of this model. For each 5+,
that model’s unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

3

Spell in a Bottle: This

Aether-Khemist has used the
alchemical ar ts to transmute
an endless spell
into an iner t
gas and trap it in a carefully
crafted container. When the
container is shattered,
the
endless spell
is freed.

Pick 1 endless spell. Any
endless spell can be chosen
(all restrictions are ignored)
but you must pay any points
required for the model.
Once per battle, the bearer
can automatically cast
that endless spell (do not
roll 2D6) and it cannot
be unbound.


PAGEBREAK
Great Endrinworks

GREAT ENDRINWORKS

If a Kharadron Overlords army includes any SKYVESSELS , 1 of those SKYVESSELS can have a great endrinwork.
Declare which SKYVESSEL has the great endrinwork and then pick which great endrinwork table you wish to use. You
can choose or roll for a great endrinwork from the table you pick. You can choose 1 extra SKYVESSEL to have a great
endrinwork for each warscroll battalion in your army. A SKYVESSEL cannot have more than 1 great endrinwork, and
an army may not include duplicates of the same great endrinwork.

IRONCLAD MAJOR INSTALLATIONS

ARKANAUT IRONCLAD only.

D6

1

2

3

Great Endrinwork

The Last Word: When all seems lost, this vessel’s
greatest weapon continues to thunder.

At the end of the enemy charge phase you
can pick 1 enemy unit that finished a charge
move in that phase within 3" of this model.
This model can shoot at that unit with its
Great Sky Cannon, Great Skyhook or Great
Volley Cannon.

Hegsson Solutions ‘Old Reliable’ Hullplates:

These hullplates are renowned for their ability to
absorb damage without failing.

Add 2 to this model’s Wounds characteristic.

Ebullient Buoyancy Aid: This aether-

enhancing unit increases the buoyancy of even
the largest ships, making it particularly useful in
thin atmospheres.

This model can fly high and/or disengage even
while it has a garrison of 16 or more models.

4

5

6

Prudency Chutes: These reliable safety
dev ices allow passengers to safely evacuate a
crippled skyvessel.

If this model is destroyed, you do not have to
roll to see if models in its garrison are slain (they
all survive).

Magnificent Omniscope: This apparatus

makes the winds aetheric clearly visible to the
ship’s Navigator.

Add 2" to this model’s Move characteristic.

Zonbarcorp ‘Dealbreaker ’ Battle Ram:

The Dealbreaker is a large battering ram that
smashes opponents to the ground.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model, and
roll a number of dice equal to the charge roll for
that charge move. For each 4+, that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

D3

1

Great Endrinwork

Magnificent Omniscope:

This apparatus makes the
winds aetheric clearly visible
to the ship’s Navigator.

Add 2" to this model’s
Move characteristic.

FRIGATE REFITTINGS

ARKANAUT FRIGATE only.

2

Prudency Chutes: These

reliable safety dev ices allow
passengers to safely evacuate
a crippled skyvessel.

3

Malefic Skymines: Invented

during the Great Harpy
Migrations,
these mines pack
a mean punch.

If this skyvessel is destroyed,
you do not have to roll to see
if models in its garrison are
slain (they all survive).

Once per battle, at the start
of the combat phase, you can
pick 1 enemy unit that can
fly and is within 6" of this
model and roll a dice. On a
2-3, that enemy unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. On a 4+,
that enemy unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
GUNHAULER MODIFICATIONS

GRUNDSTOK GUNHAULER only.

D3

1

Great Endrinwork

Iggrind-Kaz
Surge-injection Endrin

Mk. IV: This skyvessel’s
endrinsphere lets its Captain
boost it across the skies,
though at the risk of the
endrinsphere overheating.

When this model makes a
normal move, you can add
D3" to that move. If you
wish, you can add 2D3" to
that move instead of D3",
but if you do so and you roll
a double, then this model
suffers 1 mortal wound after
the move is made.

2

Zonbarcorp ‘Debtsettler ’
Spar Torpedo: A power ful

torpedo is mounted to the
front of this skyvessel at
the end of a sturdy spar.
When the warhead strikes
an object, it explodes with
devastating force.

Once per battle, after this
model makes its first charge
move, you can pick 1 enemy
unit within 1" of this model
and roll a dice. On a 2+,
that enemy unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

3

Coalbeard’s Collapsible
Compartments: This

Gunhauler is fitted with
small compar tments that
allow it to carry passengers.

This model can use the
Flying Transport ability
from the Arkanaut Ironclad
warscroll (pg 90). If it does
so, the maximum number
of models that can garrison
it is 5 instead of 25, and it
can always fly high and/
or disengage no matter
how many models are in
its garrison.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Nar, City of the First Sunrise

BARAK-NAR, CITY OF THE FIRST SUNRISE

The brightest jewel in the Kharadron empire is the sky-port of Barak-Nar. A titan of cutting-edge science and
industry, the City of the First Sunrise can boast more airfleets than any of its rivals, each commanded by an
intrepid officer armed to the teeth with the latest aethermatic weaponry.

Though the City of the First Sunrise suffered
greatly during the Garaktormun,
it remains
the most potent symbol of Kharadron might.
Possessing the guiding hand on the Geldraad and
a greater vault of riches than any other sky-port,
Barak-Nar’s quest for supremacy has only escalated
in the years following that catastrophe. With every
dawn, dozens of intrepid airship commanders
launch voyages into wild, new lands in search of
undiscovered aether-gold streams.

As befitting the sky-port’s status as the foremost
centre of scientific innovation in the empire ,
Barak-Nar officers deploy cutting-edge aethermatic
inventions and weapons with devastating
effectiveness in the search for profit. For these
confident duardin,
ingenuity trumps brute force
every time, and their unflappable belief in the
march of progress is an inspiration to the privateers
under their command – particularly in this age of
rogue arcane phenomena. With the aid of Barak-
Nar’s superlative guild technicians, such hazards
are easily dealt with; enemy spells are rendered
inert with a precise application of ultra-refined
ather-gold, while a pinpoint cannonade from the
sky-port’s heavy ships of the line takes care of any
remaining threats.

ABILITIES

Scholars and Commanders: The leaders of Barak-Nar

embrace the laws of science, using the knowledge they
have gained to help defeat their foes.

At the start of the first battle round, roll a dice for each
friendly BARAK-NAR HERO on the battlefield (including
any that are part of a garrison). For each 4+, you
receive 1 extra command point.

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Respect Your Commanders: You can

re-roll battleshock tests for friendly BARAK-NAR
units while they are wholly within 12" of a friendly

BARAK-NAR HERO .

Amendment – Trust Aethermatics, Not

Superstition: Each BARAK-NAR HERO can attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. If they can
already attempt to unbind a spell, they can attempt to
unbind 1 extra spell in the enemy hero phase.

Footnote – Through Knowledge, Power : Add 1 to

unbinding rolls for BARAK-NAR HEROES .

COMMAND TRA IT

A BARAK-NAR general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 62-63:

Champion of Progress: Barak-Nar is at the very
forefront of the Kharadron Overlords’ advance, and the
confidence of their leaders is palpable.

Do not take battleshock for friendly BARAK-NAR units
while they are wholly within 12" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BARAK-NAR HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given an Aethercharged Rune:

Aethercharged Rune: This rune is infused with a
glowing charge of aether-power, which can be drawn
upon by its bearer when the need ar ises.

Once per battle you can change either 1 hit roll for an
attack made by the bearer or 1 save roll for an attack
that targets the bearer to the roll of your choice.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Zilfin, the Windswept City

BARAK-ZILFIN, THE WINDSWEPT CITY

There are no finer aeronautical sailors than those out of Barak-Zilfin, as they themselves are only too happy to
point out. On countless occasions the sk i lfu l manoeuvres and breathtaking speed of the sky-port’s elite airfleets
have carried the day against seemingly impossible odds.

The duardin of Barak-Z ilfin are known as the
‘Windmasters’ – an apt moniker,
for none can
anticipate and ride the Mortal Realms’ air currents
quite as ski lfu l ly as they. Time and again the
sky-port’s fleets have managed to outmanoeuvre
and outpace their rivals, winning the race to
secure lucrative aether-gold fields and add to
their considerable profits. Such is the reverence
that Barak-Z ilfin crew hold for their vessels, that
they wi l l patch up any damage done to their ships
before even thinking about attending to their
own wounds.

The master shipwrights of the Windswept City
are famed for their meticulous craftsmanship.
Though the scale of production in Barak-Z ilfin
cannot match the industry of Barak-Nar,
the
vessels produced by the sky-port’s Great Coghalls
are accepted by most Kharadron as the finest
of their kind. Each is a custom-crafted marvel,
fitted with the most advanced endrinthrusters
and streamlined hull profiles,designed to fly rings
around enemy craft. In the hands of an expert
commander, such vessels are all but uncatchable,
capable of pulling off breathtaking aeronautical
manoeuvres that would tear any other sky-ship
apart at the rivets.

ABILITIES

Magnificent Skyvessels: The skyvessels of the Barak-
Zilfin fleets are second to none.

You can choose 1 extra SKYVESSEL in your army to
have a great endrinwork.

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Master the Skies: You can re-roll hit rolls of

1 for attacks made by friendly SKYVESSELS that target a
unit that can fly.

Amendment – Don’t Argue With the Wind: In your

movement phase, if you declare a friendly BARAK-
ZILFIN unit wi l l run, do not make a run roll. Instead,
add 6" to the Move characteristic of all models in that
unit for that phase.

Footnote – There’s Always a Breeze If You Look

For It: Once per battle,
in your hero phase, 1 friendly
BARAK-ZILFIN unit can make a normal move (it can
run, retreat or disengage).

COMMAND TRAIT

A BARAK-ZILFIN general that is an ARKANAUT

ADMIRAL must have this command trait instead of one
listed on page 62:

Master Commander : The Admirals of Barak-Zilfin
read their fleets’ movements with exper t skill, reacting
swiftly when opportunity presents itself.

If this general is part of your army and on the
battlefield, each time you spend a command point to
use a command ability on this general’s warscroll, roll
a dice. On a 5+, you receive 1 extra command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BARAK-ZILFIN HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Staff of Ocular Optimisation:

Staff of Ocular Optimisation: Highly refined lenses

and aether filters allow the owner of this device to
accurately see through any murk.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s missile weapons. Add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made by that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Zon, City of the Sun

BARAK-ZON, CITY OF THE SUN

Highly militaristic and prideful of their unrivalled martial heritage, Arkanauts of Barak-Zon long to prove
themselves in battle and earn the famous Ironstar – a medal awarded only for acts of exceptional valour. There are
no finer soldiers in all the sky-ports than those trained within the drillhouses of the City of the Sun.

Amongst their fellow sky-ports the folk of
Barak-Zon are regarded as a warlike bunch, more
concerned with combat honours and drilling than
earning a respectable profit. Those of the City of
the Sun care not a cog for the thoughts of envious
rivals. They know well that aggressive negotiations
obtain the greatest rewards. From an early age,
all citizens of Barak-Zon are required to take
part in daily shooting practice, and the sky-port’s
Musterpresses are notoriously demanding. This
harsh training ensures that only the fiercest recruits
earn a place in the city’s Arkanaut companies.

While many of their rivals rely upon the sheer
power of their ships to blast their foes into
submission, the Admirals of Barak-Zon instead
utilise the peerless marksmanship and sharp
cutlasses of their elite infantry. Swift aerial
deployments deliver these hardened soldiers to the
heart of the battle, where their guns are brought
to bear upon the enemy with deadly results. These
formations are often led by veterans bearing the
fabled Ironstar – the famed medal of honour
granted only for actions of valorous distinction.

ABILITIES

Deeds, Not Words: The martially minded warriors of
Barak-Zon are famous for taking the fight straight
to
the foe,
launching glorious charges that see them strike
at the foe with great vigour.

Footnote – Show Them Your Steel: Once per battle,

in your hero phase, 1 friendly SKYFARERS unit that
is part of a garrison on a SKYVESSEL can leave that
garrison. Set up that unit wholly within 3" of that
SKYVESSEL and more than 9" from any enemy units.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by friendly SKYFARERS units that made a
charge move in the same turn, and add 1 to hit rolls
for attacks made with melee weapons by friendly
SKYWARDENS units that made a charge move in the
same turn.

COMMAND TRA IT

A BARAK-ZON general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 62-63:

Bearer of the Ironstar : The famed Ironstar of

Barak-Zon is awarded only for feats of singular valour.

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Honour is Ever ything: You can re-roll hit

rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly BARAK-ZON

HEROES that target a HERO or MONSTER .

Amendment – Leave No Duardin Behind: Add 2

to the Bravery characteristic of friendly SKYFARERS
units while they are wholly within 12" of a
friendly SKYVESSEL .

The first time this general is slain, before removing
them, roll a dice. On a 2+ they are not slain, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to them, and any
wounds remaining to be allocated to them are negated.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BARAK-ZON HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Aethersped Hammer :

Aethersped Hammer : This aethermatically enhanced
hammer allows the user to strike again and again at
ferocious speed.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to the
Attacks characteristic of that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Urbaz, the Market City

BARAK-URBAZ, THE MARKET CITY

Those of Barak-Urbaz are notorious even amongst the Kharadron for their ability to employ subtleties and
technicalities in the Code for their own benefit. This officious attitude is exemplified by the sky-port’s Aether-
Khemists, who can wring more power from their alchemical compounds than any of their peers.

The Kharadron empire is founded upon the
power of trade, and there are no wilier merchants
than those of Barak-Urbaz. The sky-port’s
militar y commanders know the intricacies of
the Kharadron Code inside out, and are experts
at exploiting minor imprecisions and loopholes
in the constitution for their own ends. They
are single-mindedly ruthless in their pursuit of
profit, ensuring that each voyage accumulates
an impressive share of aether-gold by any
means necessary.

Aether-Khemists of Barak-Urbaz are rightly
regarded as the foremost practitioners of their
craft. The sky-port’s master alchemists have
invented several innovative methods of extracting
the maximum power and potential from every
mote of Grungni’s Breath. Thus, although the
sky-port’s aether-gold reserves cannot match the
sheer volume of those of Barak-Nar or Barak-
Z ilfin, it remains a deceptively powerful player in
Kharadron politics. Indeed, no other sky-port has
successfully added so many amendments to the
Code as Barak-Urbaz.

ABILITIES

The Market City : Barak-Urbaz Codewrights can
squeeze every last drop of profit from any situation.

Do not subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of an
BARAK-URBAZ unit that spends a share of aether-gold.

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Seek New Prospects: You can re-roll

battleshock tests for friendly BARAK-URBAZ units
while they are wholly within your opponent’s
territory.

Amendment – Always Take What You Are Owed:

Pick up to D3 different friendly BARAK-URBAZ units.
Each of those units starts the battle with 1 share of
aether-gold in addition to any they normally receive.

Footnote – Where There’s War, There’s Gold: Once

per battle, at the end of the combat phase, 1 friendly
SKYFARERS unit that fought in that phase gains 1 share
of aether-gold.

COMMAND TRA IT

A BARAK-URBAZ general that is an AETHER-KHEMIST

must have this command trait instead of one listed on
page 63:

Khemist Supreme: The Aether-Khemists of Barak-
Urbaz are paragons of their chemical-based craft.

Replace the rules for this general’s Aetheric
Augmentation ability with:
‘In your hero phase you
can pick 2 friendly SKYFARERS units wholly within 12"
of this model. Until your next hero phase, you can re-
roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by those units.
This ability cannot be used by an AETHER-KHEMIST
that is part of a garrison, or on a friendly unit that is
part of a garrison.’

GREAT ENDRINWORK

The first BARAK-URBAZ SKYVESSEL to receive a great
endrinwork must be given the Breath of Morgrim:

Breath of Morgrim: The prow of this skyvessel has
been modified to belch forth great clouds of toxic gas.

In your shooting phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
and roll 1 dice for each model from that unit within
6" of the bearer. For each 6, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Mhornar,

the City of Shadow

BARAK-MHORNAR, THE CITY OF SHADOW

What some cal l piracy, those of Barak-Mhornar simply view as clever opportunism. Always skirting the
boundaries of accepted practice when it comes to matters of the Code, these duardin prefer to strike without
warning, k i l ling their quarr y and stripping them of anything valuable before disappearing into the shadows.

Fleets out of the hidden sky-port of Barak-Mhornar
have a well-earned reputation for cunning and
deceit. By striking rapidly from unexpected
quarters, the denizens of the City of Shadow have
earned many stunning victories over their rivals.
They employ every conceivable tactic in order to
gain an advantage, such as bearing the colours of
neutral sky-ports, launching pre-emptive strikes
without any formal declaration of hostilities, and
mining well-trafficked air lanes.

The fact that other Kharadron decry these
underhanded tactics matters not at all to those
of Barak-Mhornar,
for they ensure that even
their most cut-throat methods are excused – or
at the very least omitted from mention – by
the Kharadron Code. Due to this streak of
ruthlessness, and despite its relatively modest
armada, Barak-Mhornar is treated with war y
concern by even the greatest sky-ports. Both
Barak-Nar and Barak-Zon have devoted vast
resources to uncovering the true location of the
mysterious City of Shadow,
thus far to no avail.

ABILITIES

Fearsome Raiders: By attacking rapidly from
unexpected quar ters, the denizens of the City of
Shadow strike fear in the hear ts of their foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 6" of any friendly

BARAK-MHORNAR units.

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Seek New Prospects: You can re-roll

battleshock tests for friendly BARAK-MHORNAR units
while they are wholly within your opponent’s
territory.

Amendment – Prosecute Wars With All Haste: In

your first turn, friendly BARAK-MHORNAR units can
run and still shoot later in the turn.

Footnote – Who Strikes First, Strikes Hardest:

Once per battle, at the start of your combat phase,
you can pick 1 friendly BARAK-MHORNAR unit that is
within 3" of an enemy unit. That friendly unit fights at
the start of that combat phase, but cannot fight again
in that combat phase unless an ability or spell allows it
to fight more than once.

COMMAND TRAIT

A BARAK-MHORNAR general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 62-63:

Opportunistic Privateer : This feared buccaneer

strikes swiftly and without warning, crushing their
enemies before they have a chance to react.

If this general is part of the garrison of a SKYVESSEL
that is on is on the battlefield after armies are set
up but before the first battle round begins, you can
remove that SKYVESSEL from the battlefield and set
it up again anywhere more than 9" from any enemy
units. If you do so, that SKYVESSEL cannot make
a normal move in the first battle round, and units
in its garrison cannot leave the garrison in the first
battle round.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BARAK-MHORNAR NAVIGATOR to receive an

artefact of power must be given the Galeforce Stave:

Galeforce Stave: This mighty device can be used to
direct great gusts of aetheric winds at a charging foe,
slowing their charge down to a crawl.

At the start of the enemy charge phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 12" of the bearer. Halve charge rolls
for that unit in that phase.


PAGEBREAK
Barak-Thryng, City of the Ancestors

BARAK-THRYNG, CITY OF THE ANCESTORS

Truculent, ill-tempered, stuck in the past and set in their ways: these are just a few terms used by rival sky-ports
to describe those who hail from Barak-Thryng. These ultra-conservative duardin judge ever ything against the
glories of the past, and inevitably find that it measures short.

All duardin have a tendency to maintain grudges
and dwell upon perceived slights, but the dour
traditionalists of Barak-Thryng take such things
to another level entirely. Their resentments burn
hot and fiercely for centuries, and they take great
pleasure in ensuring that every insult is eventually
repaid in kind. When a soldier of Barak-Thryng
gets the opportunity to wreak revenge upon their
enemies in battle, they wi l l fight with single-
minded stubbornness, refusing to even contemplate
death until they have spilled their nemeses’ blood.

At the heart of the City of the Ancestors lies the
Grudgehall, where every offence against the sky-
port is inscribed upon a rune-slate and added to a
extensive library that covers an entire district. The
sky-port’s soldiers are encouraged to settle these
grudges whenever possible, and often carr y runic
tablets listing the most grievous insults into battle,
so that they may ensure that vengeance is properly
delivered. It is said that this pleases the duardin
gods – to whom the people of Barak-Thryng still
pay tribute, more out of tradition than piety.

ABILITIES

Incredibly Stubborn: The warriors of Barak-Thryng
will often deny death long enough to get in a last blow.

Until
the end of that phase, unmodified hit rolls of 6
for attacks made by that unit score 2 hits on the target
instead of 1. Make a wound and save roll for each hit.

If a friendly SKYFARERS model is slain while it is
within 3" of an enemy unit, roll a dice. On a 4+, that
model can fight before it is removed from play.

COMMAND TRAIT

A BARAK-THRYNG general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 62-63:

KHARADRON CODE

Your army must use the following interpretation of the
Kharadron Code:

Artycle – Chronicle of Grudges: After armies are set

up but before the first battle round begins, pick up to 3
different enemy units. You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made by friendly BARAK-THRYNG units that
target those units.

Amendment – Take Help Where You Can Get It: 1

in 4 units in your army can be a DUARDIN unit that
does not have the KHARADRON OVERLORDS keyword.
Those units gain the BARAK-THRYNG keyword. They
cannot be the army general and do not count towards
the number of Battleline units in the army.

Footnote – Honour the Gods, Just in Case:

Once per batt le, at the star t of your shooting
phase or a combat phase, you can pick 1 friendly

BARAK-THRYNG unit.

Supremely Stubborn: This commander is notoriously
stubborn, even for a lord of Barak-Thryng.

When you use the Incredibly Stubborn ability for this
general, they can fight on a roll of 2+ instead of 4+.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BARAK-THRYNG SKYFARER HERO to receive

an artefact of power must be given a Grudgehammer :

Grudgehammer : These ancient and highly revered
hammers are said to be especially deadly when they are
used to settle long-remembered slights.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made by that weapon. In addition, if
the unmodified wound roll for an attack made by that
weapon that targets an enemy unit which was picked
for the Chronicle of Grudges artycle is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target in addition to
any normal damage.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Prospectors Down!

BATTLEPLAN

PROSPECTORS DOWN!

The life of an Arkanaut is a
dangerous one, and ever y duardin
knows the risks of their profession.
Many are the vessels that have
been lost to mishap, monster or
maelstrom, with no trace of their
crews. Occasionally, however, the
sur vivors of such an event manage
to get a message back to their kin,
and a rescue mission is launched
with al l haste. It becomes a race to
recover the lost duardin – and their
aether-gold – before anyone else
discovers them.

This battleplan lets you stage
a daring rescue with your
force of Kharadron Overlords,
even as the enemy bears down
on the sur vivors, intent on
their destruction.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army. One
player is the Kharadron Overlords
player. The other player is the
Opportunist. The Kharadron
Overlords player must use a
Kharadron Overlords army, and it
must include at least 1 unit that can
fly and 1 unit that cannot fly.

CONTINGENTS

Once the Kharadron Overlords
player has picked their army,
they must split it into a sur vivors
contingent and a rescuers
contingent. Each contingent must
have at least 1 unit. The sur vivors
cannot include any units that can fly.
The rescuers must a l l be able to fly,
or arrive on the battlefield as part of
the garrison of a rescuers unit that
can fly.

The Kharadron Overlords player
can pick 2 generals instead of 1. One
general must be part of the sur vivors
contingent, and 1 general must be
part of the rescuers contingent.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The Kharadron player must first set
up 1 terrain feature wholly within
their territory. Set up the rest of
the terrain as described in the
core ru les.

SET-UP

The Kharadron Overlords player
sets up their sur vivors contingent
first, wholly within their territory.
The rescuers contingent star ts the
battle in reserve, and w i l l arrive as
described later.

The Opportunist then sets up their
army wholly within their territory,
more than 12" from enemy units.
The territories are shown on the
map below.

FIRST TURN

The Opportunist takes the first turn
in the first battle round.

COMMAND ABILITIES

The following additional command
abilities can be used in this battle.

Sell Your Lives Dearly : The leader

of the survivors knows that they are
out of time, and they prepare to make
the enemy pay.

The Kharadron Overlords player
can use this command ability in
the combat phase if the general of
the sur vivors contingent
is on the
battlefield. If they do so, until the
end of that phase, when a friendly
Kharadron Overlords model from
the sur vivors contingent
is slain
within 12" of the general of the
sur vivors contingent, roll a dice
before the slain model is removed
from play. On a 5+, that model can
shoot before it is removed.


PAGEBREAK
Here Comes the Fleet: The

commander of the relief
force
boldly promises the rescue of the
beleaguered duardin on the ground.

The Kharadron Overlords player
can use this command ability
in the battleshock phase if the
general of the rescuers contingent
is on the battlefield. If they do so,
until the end of that phase, do not
take battleshock tests for friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS units

wholly within 24" of the general of
the rescuers contingent.

Strike Fast: The general of the
Kharadron’s
foes urges their warriors
on, demanding that they kill the
survivors of the crash before any
reinforcements arrive.

The Opportunist can use this
command ability in their hero phase
if their general is on the battlefield.
If they do so, the Opportunist
can re-roll run or charge rolls for
Opportunist units until their next
hero phase.

RIDE OF THE
OVERLORDS

At the end of the Kharadron
Overlords’ first movement phase,
the Kharadron Overlords player
must set up the rescuers contingent.
The Kharadron Overlords players
rolls a dice and consults the map
to see which edge of the battlefield
corresponds with that roll. If the roll
is a 5 or 6, they can choose the edge.
They must set up a l l of the units in
the rescuers contingents, wholly
within 12" of that edge and more
than 9" from any enemy units.

BATTLE LENGTH

The battle lasts until a player wins a
major v ictor y or for 5 battle rounds,
whichever happens first.

If the Kharadron Overlords player
has no models from the sur vivors
contingent on the battlefield at
the end of a battle round, the
Opportunist wins a major victory.

If half or more of the models
from the sur vivors contingent
are st i l l on the battlefield at the
end of the fifth battle round, the
Kharadron Overlords player wins a

minor victory.

If less than half of the models from
the sur vivors contingent are st i l l on
the battlefield at the end of the fifth
battle round, the Opportunist wins

a minor victory.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

If the Opportunist has no models on
the battlefield at the end of a battle
round, the Kharadron Overlords

player wins a major victory.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband w i l l gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband
to follow and fight beside their
champion during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
you wi l l be crowned the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND

In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select your army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
Kharadron Overlords warband,
but other Warhammer Age of
Sigmar publications include

warband tables to let you collect
warbands from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer,
instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your warband
after a battle (see Rewards of
Battle). In either case, in order to
generate a follower unit from the
table, you must have enough rolls
and/or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory
Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Record all
of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally,
give your warband a name,
one that will inspire respect and
dread in your rivals. Your warband
is now complete and you can fight
your first battle. Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use a Kharadron
Overlords warband in a Path to
Glory game, you can use all the
battle traits from page 61 except the
Sky-ports battle trait. You cannot
use any other Kharadron Overlords
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated.

As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.


PAGEBREAK
2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on your champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the result
on your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have a Champion’s
Reward, you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result on
your warband roster. A unit
can only receive one Follower’s
Reward. If all of your follower
units have a Follower’s
Reward, you must take
Additional Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive any
Glory Points – just keep on fighting
battles until you win the campaign…
or another player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE

After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.
Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).


PAGEBREAK
Kharadron Overlords Warband Tables

KHARADRON OVERLORDS
WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the other
units in the warband, and the rewards the warband receives after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Arkanaut Admiral

Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 1 roll)

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

Endrinmaster with Endrinharness

Aetheric Navigator

Aether-Khemist

Follower
Rolls

4

2

SKYFARERS FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 1 roll)

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

10 Arkanaut Company

5 Grundstok Thunderers

3 Skywardens or Endrinriggers

SKY VESSEL FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses number of rolls and glory points shown below)

D6

1-3

4-5

6

Followers

Grundstok Gunhauler
(2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 glory point)

Arkanaut Frigate
(3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 glory points)

Arkanaut Ironclad
(5 rolls, or 1 roll and 4 glory points)

SKYFARERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Deeds, Not Words: These warriors see great
honour in taking the fight straight
to the foe.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this unit if it made a charge
move in the same turn.

Incredibly Stubborn: These duardin are

extremely tenacious, and will often deny death
long enough to get in one last telling blow.

If a model from this unit is slain while it is
within 3" of enemy unit, roll a dice. On a 6, that
model can fight before it is removed from play.

Fearsome Raiders: These sky farers attack
rapidly from unexpected quarters, striking fear
into the hearts of their foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 6" of any
friendly units with this ability.

4

5

Bold Privateers: These duardin are trained to
swiftly disembark from their skyvessel and then
charge headlong into the foe.

This unit can leave a friendly ARKANAUT
FRIGATE either before or after it has moved. Roll
3D6 instead of 2D6 when making charge rolls for
this unit if it left a friendly ARKANAUT FRIGATE
in the movement phase of the same turn.

Focused Fire: These sky farers are adept at
concentrating their fire upon a single target,
destroying it with one devastating volley.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit for this unit to focus fire on. If you
do so, models from this unit can only target that
unit in that phase, but you can re-roll hit rolls of
1 for attacks made by this unit in that phase.

6

Carefully Trained: You can pick the result you
wish to apply to the unit.


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION AND HERO REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

Reward

Opportunistic Privateer : This feared buccaneer

strikes swiftly and without warning, crushing
their enemies before they have a chance to react.

If this model is on the battlefield after armies are
set up but before the first battle round begins,
you can pick this model and up to 2 other
friendly units. Remove this model and those
units from the battlefield and then set them up
again anywhere on the battlefield more than 9"
from any enemy units and so that all of the units
are wholly within 12" of this model. Units set up
in this way cannot make a normal move in the
first battle round.

2

Champion of Progress: This champion is at

the very forefront of the Kharadron Overlords’
advance, and their confidence is palpable.

Do not take battleshock for friendly units while
they are wholly within 12" of this model.

3

Valorous: This champion has become renowned
for their exceptional valour.

The first time this model is slain, before
removing them, roll a dice. On a 2+ they are not
slain, you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to them, and any wounds remaining to be
allocated to them are negated.

4-5

Command Trait: This champion has become a
master of their craft.

Randomly generate 1 command trait for this
champion from one of the command trait tables
on pages 62-63.

6

Artefact of Power : An ancient ar tefact of power
has come into this champion’s
possession.

Randomly generate 1 artefact of power for this
champion from one of the artefact of power
tables on pages 62-63.

SKYVESSEL REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Master Helmsmen: The sky farer that controls
this vessel’s wheel
is exceptionally skilled.

You can re-roll run and charge rolls for
this model.

Master Gunner : The sky farer that commands
this vessel’s guns is a hard taskmaster.

You can re-roll 1 hit roll for this model
each phase.

Windrider : This vessel catches the aetheric
winds like no other.

Add 1" to this model’s Move characteristic.

4

Focused Fire: The crew of this skyvessel are
trained to concentrate their fire upon a single
target, destroying it with one devastating volley.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit for this model to focus fire on. If
you do so, this model can only target that unit
in that phase, but you can re-roll hit rolls of 1
for attacks made by this model in that phase.

5-6

Great Endrinworks: This skyvessel has been
upgraded with an endrinwork produced by a
master shipwright.

Randomly generate 1 great endrinwork for this
model from one of the great endrinworks tables
on pages 66-67.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Kharadron Overlords warscrolls and warscroll battalions. Updated January 2020;
the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GRAND ARMADA

WARSCROLL BATTALION:

GRAND ARMADA

When the stakes are high, an Arkanaut Admiral w i l l take personal command of a Grand Armada, gathering a
mighty assemblage of skyvessels bristling with aethermatic weaponry and Kharadron privateers who won’t let
anything get between them and their share of the impressive haul promised them by their Captains.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Arkanaut Admiral or Brokk Grungsson

• 1 Iron Sky Command

• 1 Iron Sky Attack Squadron

• 1-3 Grundstok Escort Wings

ABILITIES

Constitutional Experts: The leader of a Grand Armada

is able to wring the maximum advantage from the
Kharadron Code.

if the ARKANAUT ADMIRAL or BROKK

Once per battle,
GRUNGSSON from this battalion is on the battlefield, you
can use a footnote even if it has been used before in the
same battle.


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Iron Sky Command

WARSCROLL BATTALION

IRON SKY COMMAND

ORGANISATION

• 0-1 Arkanaut Admiral or Brokk Grungsson

• 1 Arkanaut Ironclad

• 3 units chosen from the following list in any
combination: Aether-Khemist, Aetheric

Navigator, ENDRINMASTER

• 1 Arkanaut Company unit

• 1-3 Endrinriggers units

ABILITIES
Lords of the Skies: Kharadron are filled with confidence
while the flagship of the Iron Sky Command is nearby.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly KHARADRON
OVERLORDS units while they are wholly within 18" of the
ARKANAUT IRONCLAD from this battalion.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

IRON SKY ATTACK SQUADRON

Warscroll Battalion: Iron Sky Attack Squadron

ORGANISATION

• 2+ Arkanaut Frigates

• 1 Arkanaut Company unit for each Arkanaut Frigate
in the same battalion

ABILITIES
Bold Privateers: The Arkanaut Companies in an Iron
Sky Squadron are trained to swiftly disembark from their
skyvessels and then charge headlong into the foe.

ARKANAUT COMPANY units from this battalion can
leave an ARKANAUT FRIGATE from the same battalion
either before or after it has moved. In addition, roll
3D6 instead of 2D6 when making charge rolls for
ARKANAUT COMPANY units from this battalion that left
an ARKANAUT FRIGATE from the same battalion in the
movement phase of the same turn.

Warscroll Battalion: Grundstok Escort Wing

GRUNDSTOK ESCORT WING

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ORGANISATION

• 2-3 Grundstok Gunhaulers

• 1 Arkanaut Ironclad or Arkanaut Frigate

• 1 Grundstok Thunderers unit

• 0-3 Skywardens units

ABILITIES
Focused Fire: The units that make up a Grundstok Escor t
Wing are trained to concentrate their fire upon a single
target, destroying it in one devastating volley.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick 1 enemy
unit for this battalion to focus fire on. If you do so, you
can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by units from
this battalion that target that unit in that phase.


PAGEBREAK
Brokk Grungsson Lord-Magnate of Barak-Nar

WARSCROLL

BROKK GRUNGSSON

LORD-MAGNATE OF BARAK-NAR

Lord-Magnate Brokk Grungsson is the richest Kharadron privateer alive. Clad in a
custom-built endrinharness and carr y ing a small armour y of lethal firearms, he seeks
out fresh sources of aether-gold with single-minded belligerence.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Grungsson’s Boast
The Magnate’s Charter
Aetherblasters

MELEE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Saw

Range

18"
18"
9"

Attacks

2
6
2

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

2+
3+
4+

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

Rend

-2
-1
-

Rend

-2

Damage

D3
1
1

Damage

D3

Hitcher : Kharadron kitted out with buoyancy
endrins can attach themselves to a passing
skyvessel and move alongside it.

If this model is wholly within 6" of a friendly
SKYVESSEL immediately before the SKYVESSEL
uses its Fly High ability, you can say that this
model wi l l hitch a lift instead of making a
normal move (as long as this model has not
already made a normal move in the same phase).

If you do so, after that SKYVESSEL has moved,
remove this model from the battlefield
and set it up again wholly within 6" of that
SKYVESSEL , more than 1" from any terrain
features or objectives and more than 9" from any
enemy models.

No more than 7 models can hitch a lift on the
same SKYVESSEL in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITIES

First Rule of Grungsson: When Brokk

Grungsson leads his warriors into battle, he
reminds them of his first and most significant
commentary on the Code – ‘to the victor,
the spoils’.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase if a friendly model with this
command ability is on the battlefield. If you do
so, pick 1 friendly model with this command
ability. You can re-roll charge rolls for friendly
BARAK-NAR units that are wholly within 24" of
that model until the end of that phase.

DESCRIPTION

Brokk Grungsson is a named character that is
a single model. He is armed with Grungsson’s
Boast, the Magnate’s Charter, Aetherblasters and
an Aethermatic Saw.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Custom-built Dirigible Suit: When Brokk

Grungsson charges into combat his foes are
crushed by the weight of his magnificent custom-
built dirigible suit.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Endrinharness: An Endrinharness
is
supercharged with energy, allowing the wearer to
strike mighty blows in close combat.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this model is 6, that
attack inflicts D3 mortal wounds and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, BARAK-NAR, HERO, SKYFARER, BROKK GRUNGSSON


PAGEBREAK
Lord-Magnate Brokk Grungsson’s practically limitless personal wealth allows him to employ the very finest soldiers of Barak-Nar in his
endless pursuit of riches, along with massive Ironclads
fresh from the shipwrights’ yard.


PAGEBREAK
Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit

WARSCROLL

ENDRINMASTER

WITH DIRIGIBLE SUIT

Many Endrinmasters take to the skies in mastercrafted dirigible suits, their
aetherturbines allowing them to zoom through the air towards skyvessels in need of
repair even as an in-built weapon array blasts their enemies into pieces.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Aethercannon
Dirigible Suit Weapon Battery
Gaze of Grungni

MELEE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Saw

Range

12"
18"
9"

Attacks

1
6
1

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

2+
3+
2+

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

Rend

-2
-1
-1

Rend

-2

Damage

D3
1
D3

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

An Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit is a single
model armed with an Aethercannon, Dirigible
Suit Weapon Battery, Gaze of Grungni and
Aethermatic Saw.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Endrinmaster : Endrinmasters are unsurpassed
at keeping the skyvessels in a fleet battleworthy.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
friendly SKYVESSEL within 1" of this model.
Heal 3 wounds allocated to that SKYVESSEL .

Hitcher : Kharadron kitted out with buoyancy
endrins can attach themselves to a passing
skyvessel and move alongside it.

If this model is wholly within 6" of a friendly
SKYVESSEL immediately before the SKYVESSEL
uses its Fly High ability, you can say that this
model wi l l hitch a lift instead of making a
normal move (as long as this model has not
already made a normal move in the same phase).

If you do so, after that SKYVESSEL has moved,
remove this model from the battlefield
and set it up again wholly within 6" of that
SKYVESSEL , more than 1" from any terrain
features or objectives and more than 9" from any
enemy models.

No more than 7 models can hitch a lift on the
same SKYVESSEL in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITIES

By Grungni, I Have My Eye On You!:

Endrinriggers will redouble their effor ts to
repair a skyvessel when they are overseen by
an Endrinmaster.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase before a friendly ENDRINRIGGERS unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability uses its Endrincraft ability.

If you do so, you can re-roll any of the dice that
determine how many wounds are healed by that
ENDRINRIGGERS unit in that phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, HERO, SKYFARER, ENDRINMASTER


PAGEBREAK
Arkanaut Admiral

WARSCROLL

ARKANAUT ADMIRAL

Arkanaut Admirals are the cream of the sky-ports’ officer class, intrepid leaders
and battle-hardened veterans of a thousand aerial engagements whose booming
commands inspire their crew to mighty deeds in the search for profit.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Volley Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Skalfhammer

Range

9"

Range

1"

Attacks

3

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

2+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2

Damage

1

Damage

2

COMMAND ABILITIES

Master of the Skies: The Admiral knows how

to get every last bit of speed from the skyvessels
they command.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SKYVESSEL that has a model with this command
ability in its garrison. That SKYVESSEL can
shoot in that phase even if it ran earlier in the
same turn.

On My Mark, Fire!: An Admiral

times the fire
of their skyvessel so as to inflict the maximum
possible amount of damage on the foe.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SKYVESSEL that has a model with this command
ability in its garrison. You can re-roll hit rolls
of 1 for attacks made by that SKYVESSEL in
that phase.

Repel Boarders!: The Admiral directs his crew
to drive off anybody that dares to board his
precious skyvessel.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SKYVESSEL that has a model with this command
ability in its garrison. Add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by that SKYVESSEL and any models
in its garrison in that phase.

Up And At Them!: The Admiral

leaps ashore,
and orders any Kharadron that are nearby to
charge the foe.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SKYFARERS unit that is wholly within 12" of a
friendly model with this command ability. You
can re-roll charge rolls for that unit in that phase.

DESCRIPTION

An Arkanaut Admiral
is a single model armed
with a Skalfhammer and a Volley Pistol.

ABILITIES

If You Want A Job Done…: Every Arkanaut

Admiral knows that there are some foes that you
have to deal with yourself.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for
attacks made with a melee weapon by this model
that target a HERO or MONSTER .

Protect the Admiral!: The sky farers that follow
an Admiral will lay down their own lives to
protect them.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly

KHARADRON OVERLORDS units while they are

wholly within 12" of this model.

In addition, roll a dice before you allocate
a wound or mortal wound to a friendly
ARKANAUT ADMIRAL while it is within 3" of
any friendly SKYFARERS units with 5 or more
models. On a 5+, you must allocate that wound
or mortal wound to a friendly SKYFARERS
unit with 5 or more models that is within 3" of
that ARKANAUT ADMIRAL , instead of to that

ARKANAUT ADMIRAL .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, HERO, SKYFARER, MARINE, ARKANAUT ADMIRAL


PAGEBREAK
Aetheric Navigator

WARSCROLL

AETHERIC NAVIGATOR

Utilising cutting-edge aethermatic science in order to decipher the ever-changing
wind patterns of the Mortal Realms, Aetheric Navigators are an invaluable presence
upon any Kharadron skyvessel.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ranging Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Zephyrscope

Range

15"

Range

1"

Attacks

2

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Aetheric Navigator is a single model armed
with a Zephyrscope and a Ranging Pistol.

ABILITIES

Aethersight: Aetheric Navigators can unpick
enemy spells by harnessing the arcane jet streams.

This model can attempt
to dispel 1 endless spell
at the start of your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase, in the
same manner as a WIZARD.

Aetherstorm: An Aetheric Navigator can
manipulate the aether to cause a localised storm.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 36" of this model that is visible to them
and can fly, and roll a dice. On a 1-2 nothing
happens. On a 3-5 halve the Move characteristic
of that unit until your next hero phase. On a 6,
halve the Move characteristic of that unit until
your next hero phase, and that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Read the Winds: Navigators can signal to nearby
Kharadron Overlords airships, helping them to
steer into prevailing currents.

You can re-roll run and charge rolls for friendly
SKYVESSELS that are visible to a friendly
AETHERIC NAVIGATOR that has not attempted
to use the Aetherstorm ability in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, HERO, SKYFARER, MARINE, AETHERIC NAVIGATOR

Though they are most at home aboard the deck of a Kharadron battleship, Aetheric Navigators can employ their aether-instruments
to aid their
allies, either by suffocating enemy magic with a gust of magical wind, or simply by blasting their foes with a heavy ranging pistol.


PAGEBREAK
Endrinmaster with Endrinharness

WARSCROLL

ENDRINMASTER

WITH ENDRINHARNESS

Endrinmasters are peerless combat mechanics, well used to conducting emergency
repairs in the white heat of battle. Many equip themselves with a strength-enhancing
endrinharness that allows them to wield a fearsome aethermight hammer.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Gaze of Grungni

MELEE WEAPONS

Aethermight Hammer

Range

9"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

An Endrinmaster with Endrinharness is a single
model armed with an Aethermight Hammer and
Gaze of Grungni.

ABILITIES

Endrinmaster : Endrinmasters are unsurpassed
at keeping the skyvessels in a fleet battleworthy.

At the start of your hero phase, you can
pick 1 friendly SKYVESSEL within 1" of this
model. Heal up to D3 wounds allocated to

that SKYVESSEL .

Endrinharness: An Endrinharness
is
supercharged with energy, allowing the wearer to
strike mighty blows in close combat.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a melee weapon by this model is 6, that attack
inflicts 3 mortal wounds and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

COMMAND ABILITIES

By Grungni, I Have My Eye On You!:

Endrinriggers will redouble their effor ts to
repair a skyvessel when they are overseen by
an Endrinmaster.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase before a friendly ENDRINRIGGER unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability uses its Endrincraft ability. If
you do so, you can re-roll any of the dice that
determine how many wounds are healed by that
ENDRINRIGGER unit in that phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, HERO, SKYFARER, MARINE, ENDRINMASTER

Aether-Khemist

AETHER-KHEMIST

WARSCROLL

Masters of alchemy and atmospheric analysis, Aether-Khemists not only augment
their comrades’ weapons with a boost of aether-gold, but can also turn their esoteric
devices against their foes to drain the air from their lungs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Atmospheric Anatomiser

MELEE WEAPONS

Heavy Instruments

Range

9"

Range

1"

Attacks

3D6

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Aether-Khemist is a single model armed
with an Atmospheric Anatomiser and
Heavy Instruments.

ABILITIES

Aetheric Augmentation: An Aether-Khemist can

use their Atmospheric Anatomiser to augment the
weapons of nearby sky farers.

In your hero phase you can pick 1 friendly
SKYFARERS unit wholly within 12" of this
model. Until your next hero phase, you can
re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by that
unit. This ability cannot be used by an AETHER-
KHEMIST that is part of a garrison, or on a
friendly unit that is part of a garrison.

Atmospheric Isolation: An Aether-Khemist can

use their Anatomiser to create a vacuum around
themselves, suffocating their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 3" of any
friendly models with this ability. This ability
cannot be used by an AETHER-KHEMIST that is
part of a garrison.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, HERO, SKYFARER, MARINE, AETHER-KHEMIST


PAGEBREAK
Arkanaut Company

WARSCROLL

ARKANAUT COMPANY

The backbone of the Kharadron airfleets are the Arkanaut Companies. These grizzled
privateers crew the sky-ports’ vessels, and are armed with a variety of aether-powered
firearms and deck tools with which to repel boarders or take the fight to the enemy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Privateer Pistol
Aethermatic Volley Gun
Light Skyhook
Aetherflare Pistol
Volley Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Arkanaut Cutter
Gun Butt
Skypike

Range

9"
12"
18"
9"
9"

Range

1"
1"
2"

Attacks

2
6
1
2
3

To Hit

4+
5+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
3+
3+
4+

Attacks

1
1
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
5+
4+

Rend

-
-1
-2
-
-

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

1
1
D3
1
1

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

An Arkanaut Company has any number of
models, each armed with a Privateer Pistol and
Arkanaut Cutter.

Glory-seekers: All of the warriors that make
up an Arkanaut Company are eager to win
recognition for daring deeds.

1 in every 10 models can replace their Privateer
Pistol and Arkanaut Cutter with an Aethermatic
Volley Gun and Gun Butt; 1 in every 10 models
can replace their Privateer Pistol and Arkanaut
Cutter with a Light Skyhook and Gun Butt; and
1 in every 10 models can replace their Privateer
Pistol and Arkanaut Cutter with a Skypike.

COMPANY CAPTAIN: 1 model in this unit
can be a Company Captain. That model is
armed with an Aetherflare Pistol or Volley Pistol
instead of a Privateer Pistol.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for this unit
while it is wholly within 9" of an objective, and
add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
while it is wholly within 9" of an objective. This
ability cannot be used if this unit is part of
a garrison.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYFARER, MARINE, ARKANAUT COMPANY


PAGEBREAK
Bjorgen Thundrik

WARSCROLL

BJORGEN THUNDRIK

The dauntless leader of a band of profiteers, Bjorgen Thundrik has developed quite the
reputation in Barak-Nar for being able to sniff out fresh seams of aethergold, and for
being utterly tenacious in his pursuit of riches.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Atmospheric Anatomiser

MELEE WEAPONS

Heavy Instruments

Range

9"

Range

1"

Attacks

3D6

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Bjorgen Thundrik is a named character that is a
single model. He is armed with an Atmospheric
Anatomiser and Heavy Instruments.

Aetheric Augmentation: An Aether-Khemist can

use their Atmospheric Anatomiser to augment the
weapons of nearby sky farers.

In your hero phase you can pick 1 friendly
SKYFARERS unit wholly within 12" of this model
and that is not part of a garrison. Until your next
hero phase, you can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for that
unit. This ability cannot be used by a model that
is part of a garrison.

Atmospheric Isolation: An Aether-Khemist can

use their Anatomiser to create a vacuum around
themselves, suffocating their foes.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models while they are within 3" of any
friendly models with this ability. This ability
cannot be used by a model that is part of
a garrison.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, BARAK-NAR, HERO, SKYFARER, MARINE,
AETHER-KHEMIST, BJORGEN THUNDRIK

WARSCROLL

THUNDRIK’S PROFITEERS

Thundrik’s Profiteers

Driven by constant competition for promotion, this eclectic band of skyfarers w i l l go
to any lengths to secure a valuable haul, and w i l l pepper with volleys of aethershot all
those who tr y to take their wealth.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Volley Gun
Aethershot Rifle
Privateer Pistol
Vulcaniser Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Arkanaut Cutter
Gun Butt
Skypike

Range

18"
18"
12"
9"

Range

1"
1"
2"

Attacks

6
4
2
2

Attacks

2
1
2

To Hit

5+
3+
4+
3+

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-
-1

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

1
1
1
1

Damage

1
1
D3

DESCRIPTION

Thundrik’s Profiteers is a unit that has 4 models.
Garodd Alensen is armed with a Privateer Pistol
and Arkanaut Cutter ; Enrik Ironhail
is armed
with an Aethermatic Volley Gun and Gun Butt;
Dead-Eye Lund is armed with an Aethershot
Rifle and Gun Butt; and Khazgan Drakkskewer
is armed with a Vulcaniser Pistol and Skypike.

KHAZGAN DRAKKSKEWER: Add 1 to

Khazgan Drakkskewer’s Wounds characteristic.
In addition, Khazgan Drakkskewer can fly.

ABILITIES

You can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by
this unit and re-roll battleshock tests for this
unit while it is wholly within 9" of BJORGEN
THUNDRIK . This ability cannot be used if this
unit is part of a garrison.

Thundrik’s Profiteers: The Profiteers are ever

eager to win Thundrik’s

recognition.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, BARAK-NAR, SKYFARER, MARINE,
THUNDRIK’S PROFITEERS


PAGEBREAK
Arkanaut Ironclad

WARSCROLL

ARKANAUT IRONCLAD

Amongst the heaviest Kharadron ships of the line, the redoubtable Ironclads provide
a floating fortress of iron at the heart of any airfleet, bombarding their targets from
afar with explosives shells and armour-piercing torpedoes.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Great Sky Cannon: Shrapnel
Great Sky Cannon: Shell
Great Skyhook
Great Volley Cannon
Aethershock Torpedoes
Aethershot Carbines

MELEE WEAPONS

Boarding Weapons

Range

24"
30"
24"
18"
24"
12"

Attacks

6
1
1
4D6
4
8

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
2+
2+
3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-2
-2
-1
-1
-1

Damage

2
6
6
1
D3
2

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-15
16+

DESCRIPTION

Move

10", Disengage, Fly High
8", Disengage, Fly High
6", Disengage
6"
4"

ABILITIES

Boarding Weapons

8
7
6
5
4

Bomb Racks

+2
+1
0
0
-1

An Arkanaut Ironclad is a single model armed
with Aethershot Carbines, Aethershock
Torpedoes, Boarding Weapons and one of the
following weapon options: Great Sky Cannon;
Great Skyhook; or Great Volley Cannon.

FLYING TRANSPORT: This model can fly,

and can be garrisoned by up to 25 friendly
MARINE models even though it is not a
terrain feature.

Halve this model’s Move characteristic and it
cannot Fly High if there are 16 or more models
in its garrison. Units cannot join or leave this
model’s garrison if it has made a move or flown
high in the same phase (they can join or leave
before it does so). Models in the garrison are not
counted towards gaining control of an objective.

An attack made by a weapon that is in range of
this model can target either this model or a unit
in its garrison. If this model is destroyed, before
it is removed from play, roll 1 dice for each model
in its garrison. On a 1, that model is slain. Set up
any sur viving models wholly within 3" of this
model and more than 3" from any enemy units.

Aetheric Navigator and Endrinrigger : A

skyvessel’s Navigator guides it into the strongest
aetheric w inds, while its Endrinrigger works
tirelessly to keep it airworthy.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this model. In addition, you can
re-roll run rolls for this model.

Bomb Racks: The bombs and skymines held in
the racks of a Kharadron skyvessel can be swiftly
deployed to stop enemy assaults in their tracks.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and roll
a dice. Add the Bomb Rack modifier from this
model’s damage table to the roll. On a 4+, that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Disengage: Kharadron skyvessels can easily
disengage from ground-based foes, flying away
with all guns blazing.

This model and any models in its garrison can
still shoot if this model retreats in the same turn,
as long as there are no enemy units that can fly
within 3" of this model at the start of the retreat
move and there are less than 10 wounds allocated
to this model at the start of the retreat move.

Fly High: Kharadron skyvessels can swiftly soar
up high in the air and then dive back down to the
battlefield, ready to attack from a new direction.

Instead of making a normal move with this
model, if there are less than 7 wounds currently
allocated to this model, you can say that it wi l l
fly high (it can retreat and disengage). If you do
so, remove this model from the battlefield and
set it up again more than 1" from any terrain
features or objectives and more than 9" from any
enemy models.

Great Skyhook: Skyhooks are used to pull
skyvessels towards the foe.

Add 2 to charge rolls for this model if it is armed
with a Great Skyhook.

Great Sky Cannon: A sky cannon can either be
loaded with shrapnel or an explosive shell.

Before attacking with a Great Sky Cannon,
choose either the Shrapnel or Shell missile
weapon characteristics for that shooting attack.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, WAR MACHINE, SKYVESSEL, ARKANAUT IRONCLAD


PAGEBREAK
Arkanaut Frigate

ARKANAUT FRIGATE

WARSCROLL

The sleek and deadly profile of a Arkanaut Frigate is a sight greatly feared by the
Kharadron’s many enemies, who know all too well the devastating firepower these
airships possess, and the fighting spirit of the privateers they carr y into battle.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Heavy Sky Cannon: Shrapnel
Heavy Sky Cannon: Shell
Heavy Skyhook
Aethershot Carbines

MELEE WEAPONS

Boarding Weapons

Range

24"
30"
24"
12"

Range

1"

Attacks

D6
1
1
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
2+
2+
3+

Rend

-1
-2
-2
-1

Damage

2
D6
D6
2

Attacks

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-9
10-12
13+

DESCRIPTION

Move

12", Disengage, Fly High
10", Disengage, Fly High
8", Disengage
6"
4"

ABILITIES

Boarding Weapons

6
5
4
3
2

Bomb Racks

+1
0
0
-1
-1

An Arkanaut Frigate is a single model armed
with Aethershot Carbines, Boarding Weapons
and one of the following weapon options: Heavy
Sky Cannon; or Heavy Skyhook.

Aetheric Navigator and Endrinrigger : A

skyvessel’s Navigator guides it into the strongest
aetheric w inds, while its Endrinrigger works
tirelessly to keep it airworthy.

FLYING TRANSPORT: This model can fly,

and can be garrisoned by up to 15 friendly
MARINE models even though it is not a
terrain feature.

Halve this model’s Move characteristic and it
cannot Fly High if there are 11 or more models
in its garrison. Units cannot join or leave this
model’s garrison if it has made a move or flown
high in the same phase (they can join or leave
before it does so). Models in the garrison are not
counted towards gaining control of an objective.

An attack made by a weapon that is in range of
this model can target either this model or a unit
in its garrison. If this model is destroyed, before
it is removed from play, roll 1 dice for each model
in its garrison. On a 1, that model is slain. Set up
any sur viving models wholly within 3" of this
model and more than 3" from any enemy units.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this model. In addition, you can
re-roll run rolls for this model.

Bomb Racks: The bombs and skymines held in
the racks of a Kharadron skyvessel can be swiftly
deployed to stop enemy assaults in their tracks.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and roll
a dice. Add the Bomb Rack modifier from this
model’s damage table to the roll. On a 4+, that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Disengage: Kharadron skyvessels can easily
disengage from ground-based foes, flying away
with all guns blazing.

This model and any models in its garrison can
still shoot if this model retreats in the same turn,
as long as there are no enemy units that can fly
within 3" of this model at the start of the retreat
move and there are less than 10 wounds allocated
to this model at the start of the retreat move.

Fly High: Kharadron skyvessels can swiftly soar
up high in the air and then dive back down to the
battlefield, ready to attack from a new direction.

Instead of making a normal move with this
model, if there are less than 7 wounds currently
allocated to this model, you can say that it wi l l
fly high (it can retreat and disengage). If you do
so, remove this model from the battlefield and
set it up again more than 1" from any terrain
features or objectives and more than 9" from any
enemy models.

Heavy Skyhook: Skyhooks are used to pull
skyvessels towards the foe.

Add 2 to charge rolls for this model if it is armed
with a Heavy Skyhook.

Heavy Sky Cannon: A sky cannon can either be
loaded with shrapnel or an explosive shell.

Before attacking with a Heavy Sky Cannon,
choose either the Shrapnel or Shell missile
weapon characteristics for that shooting attack.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, WAR MACHINE, SKYVESSEL, ARKANAUT FRIGATE


PAGEBREAK
Grundstok Gunhauler

GRUNDSTOK GUNHAULER

WARSCROLL

Small, manoeuvrable and deadly, the Grundstok Gunhauler is an escort-class ship
tasked with ensuring the safety of the airfleets’ larger skyvessels. They perform this
role well, swarming in defence before peeling off to launch deadly attack runs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Sky Cannon: Shrapnel
Sky Cannon: Shell
Drill Cannon
Aethershot Carbine

MELEE WEAPONS

Boarding Weapons

Range

18"
24"
36"
12"

Attacks

D6
1
1
2

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
2+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-2
-3
-1

Damage

2
D6
D3
1

Range

1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Grundstok Gunhauler is a single model armed
with an Aethershot Carbine, Boarding Weapons
and one of the following weapon options: Sky
Cannon; or Drill Cannon.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Ahead Full: The Captain of a Grundstok
Gunhauler can overcharge its engine so that the
craft moves at maximum speed for a short time.

Once per battle, at the start of your movement
phase, you can say that this model wi l l move
ahead fu l l. If you do so, add 6" to the Move
characteristic of this model in that phase.

Escort Vessel: Grundstok Gunhaulers are used to
disrupt attacks on larger Kharadron skyvessels in
the vicinity.

Roll 1 dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to a friendly SKYVESSEL

other than a GRUNDSTOK GUNHAULER while

it is within 3" of any friendly GRUNDSTOK
GUNHAULERS . On a 6, that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

Bomb Racks: The bombs and skymines held in
the racks of a Kharadron skyvessel can be swiftly
deployed to stop enemy assaults in their tracks.

Fly High: Kharadron skyvessels can swiftly soar
up high in the air and then dive back down to the
battlefield, ready to attack from a new direction.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and roll
a dice. On a 4+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Disengage: Kharadron skyvessels can easily
disengage from ground-based foes, flying away
with all guns blazing.

This model and any models in its garrison can
retreat and still shoot in the same turn as long as
there are no enemy units that can fly within 3" of
this model at the start of the retreat move.

Instead of making a normal move with this
model, you can say that it wi l l fly high (it can
retreat and disengage). If you do so, remove
this model from the battlefield and set it up
again more than 1" from any terrain features
or objectives and more than 9" from any
enemy models.

Drill Cannon: The shells fired by a drill cannon
burrow into the target and then explode, blasting
shards of metal
from the drill bit all around.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Drill Cannon is 5+, that attack inflicts 3 mortal
wounds on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

Sky Cannon: A sky cannon can either be loaded
with shrapnel ammunition or an explosive shell.

Before attacking with a Sky Cannon, choose
either the Shrapnel or Shell missile weapon
characteristics for that shooting attack.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, WAR MACHINE, SKYVESSEL,
GRUNDSTOK GUNHAULER


PAGEBREAK
Grundstok Thunderers

WARSCROLL

GRUNDSTOK THUNDERERS

Grundstok Thunderers are heavily armoured marines employed by the airfleets to
defend it from hostiles. Expert marksmen and battle-hardened veterans of many
voyages, they obliterate their foes in a storm of aethershot and mortar rounds.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Aethershot Rifle
Double-barrelled Aethershot Rifle
Aetheric Fumigator
Decksweeper
Aethercannon
Grundstok Mortar

Range

18"
18"
9"
12"
12"
12"

Attacks

2
4
3
4
1
1

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
3+
4+
2+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-1
-1
-2
-

Damage

1
1
1
1
D3
D3

MELEE WEAPONS

Dri l lbi l l
Gun Butt

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

D3
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Grundstok Thunderers has any number
of models, each armed with an Aethershot
Rifle and Gun Butt. 1 in every 5 models can
replace their Aethershot Rifle with a Grundstok
Mortar. 1 in every 5 models can replace their
Aethershot Rifle with an Aethercannon. 1 in
every 5 models can replace their Aethershot
Rifle with an Aetheric Fumigator. 1 in every 5
models can replace their Aethershot Rifle with
a Decksweeper.

GUNNERY SERGEANT: 1 model in this unit

can be a Gunnery Sergeant. Replace that model’s
weapons with a Double-barrelled Aethershot
Rifle, Gun Butt and Dri l lbi l l.

HONOUR BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be an Honour Bearer. You can re-
roll battleshock tests for a unit that includes any
Honour Bearers.

Choking Fug: Aetheric Fumigators fill the
surrounding air with choking gas. The sealed
suits worn by the Kharadron Overlords protect
them from its effects, but this is not the case for
their enemies…

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by
enemy models within 3" of any friendly models
armed with an Aetheric Fumigator. This ability
cannot be used by a model that is part of
a garrison.

Drive Them Back!: Kharadron military history
is filled with tales of Thunderers standing alone at
battle’s
end surrounded by a circle of fallen foes.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of missile
weapons used by this unit while any enemy units
are within 3" of this unit. This ability cannot be
used by a model that is part of a garrison.

Pin Them, Shred Them, Finish Them:

Thunderers use the specialist weapons they are
armed with to launch a deadly combination of
attacks that leaves the target reeling.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
a Grundstok Mortar, Decksweeper or
Aethercannon when it is used by a unit that has
at least 1 of each of these weapons (i.e. at least 1
Grundstok Mortar, and at least 1 Decksweeper,
and at least 1 Aethercannon). This ability cannot
be used by a model that is part of a garrison.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYFARER, MARINE, GRUNDSTOK THUNDERERS


PAGEBREAK
Endrinriggers

ENDRINRIGGERS

WARSCROLL

With aether-endrins strapped to their backs, Endrinriggers conduct repairs on their
beloved airships miles above ground. In battle, their aether-powered tools become
lethal weapons capable of punching through armour or messily sawing off limbs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Volley Gun
Grapnel Launcher or Skyhook
Drill Launcher
Rapid-fire Rivet Gun

MELEE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Saw
Gun Butt

Range

24"
24"
24"
12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

6
1
1
3

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
4+

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

2+
5+

Rend

-1
-2
-3
-1

Rend

-2
-

Damage

1
3
D3
1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Endrinriggers has any number of
models, each armed with a Rapid-fire Rivet
Gun and Aethermatic Saw. 1 in every 3 models
can replace their Rapid-fire Rivet Gun and
Aethermatic Saw with an Aethermatic Volley
Gun and Gun Butt. 1 in every 3 models
can replace their Rapid-fire Rivet Gun and
Aethermatic Saw with one of the following
weapon options: Drill Launcher and Gun Butt;
Grapnel Launcher and Gun Butt; or Skyhook and
Gun Butt.

FLY: This unit can fly.

MIZZENMASTER: 1 model in this unit
can be a Mizzenmaster. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapons.

Drill Launcher : A handheld version of the drill
cannons found aboard Kharadron gunships,
the
drill
launcher fires a projectile that bores into its
target before detonating.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Drill Launcher is 6, that attack inflicts 3 mortal
wounds on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

Endrincraft: Endrinriggers are exper t mechanics,
and keep all of the skyvessels in a Kharadron
fleet shipshape.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
friendly SKYVESSEL within 1" of this unit and
roll 1 dice for each model in this unit. For each
4+, heal 1 wound allocated to that SKYVESSEL .

Grapnel Launcher : Grapnel

launchers are used
to entangle the enemy and stop them from making
their escape.

Enemy units cannot retreat if they are within
3" of any models from this unit armed with a
Grapnel Launcher.

Hitchers: Kharadron kitted out with buoyancy
endrins can attach themselves to a passing
skyvessel and move alongside it.

If this unit is wholly within 6" of a friendly
SKYVESSEL immediately before the SKYVESSEL
uses its Fly High ability, you can say that this
unit wi l l hitch a lift instead of making a normal
move (as long as this unit has not already made a
normal move in the same phase).

If you do so, after that SKYVESSEL has moved,
remove this unit from the battlefield and set it up
again wholly within 6" of that SKYVESSEL , more
than 1" from any terrain features or objectives
and more than 9" from any enemy models.

No more than 7 models can hitch a lift on the
same SKYVESSEL in the same turn.

Skyhook: Skyhooks are used to pull the bearer
towards the foe.

Add 1 to charge rolls for this unit if any models
from this unit are armed with a Skyhook.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYFARERS, ENDRINRIGGERS


PAGEBREAK
Skywardens

SKYWARDENS

WARSCROLL

Skywardens are elite formations of Arkanaut warriors granted the power of flight by
portable aether-endrins. They swoop from on high to skewer enemies upon long-
hafted skypikes or hover at short range to incinerate them with vulcaniser pistols.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Aethermatic Volley Gun
Grapnel Launcher or Skyhook
Drill Launcher
Vulcaniser Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Skypike
Gun Butt

Range

24"
24"
24"
9"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

6
1
1
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
3+

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+
5+

Rend

-1
-2
-3
-1

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
3
D3
1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Skywardens has any number of
models, each armed with a Vulcaniser Pistol
and Skypike. 1 in every 3 models can replace
their Vulcaniser Pistol and Skypike with an
Aethermatic Volley Gun and Gun Butt. 1 in
every 3 models can replace their Vulcaniser
Pistol and Skypike with one of the following
weapon options: Drill Launcher and Gun Butt;
Grapnel Launcher and Gun Butt; or Skyhook and
Gun Butt.

FLY: This unit can fly.

CUSTODIAN: 1 model in this unit can be a
Custodian. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s melee weapons.

ABILITIES

Drill Launcher : A handheld version of the drill
cannons found aboard Kharadron gunships,
the
drill
launcher fires a projectile that bores into its
target before detonating.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Drill Launcher is 6, that attack inflicts 3 mortal
wounds on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

Grapnel Launcher : Grapnel

launchers are used
to entangle the enemy and stop them from making
their escape.

Enemy units cannot retreat if they are within
3" of any models from this unit armed with a
Grapnel Launcher.

Hitchers: Kharadron kitted out with buoyancy
endrins can attach themselves to a passing
skyvessel and move alongside it.

If this unit is wholly within 6" of a friendly
SKYVESSEL immediately before the SKYVESSEL
uses its Fly High ability, you can say that this
unit wi l l hitch a lift instead of making a normal
move (as long as this unit has not already made a
normal move in the same phase).

If you do so, after that SKYVESSEL has moved,
remove this unit from the battlefield and set it up
again wholly within 6" of that SKYVESSEL , more
than 1" from any terrain features or objectives
and more than 9" from any enemy models.

No more than 7 models can hitch a lift on the
same SKYVESSEL in the same turn.

Skyhook: Skyhooks are used to pull the bearer
towards the foe.

Add 1 to charge rolls for this unit if any models
from this unit are armed with a Skyhook.

Skymines: Skywardens surround themselves with
airborne mines that explode on contact.

If an enemy unit that can fly ends a charge
move within 1" of any friendly units with this
ability, you can roll 1 dice for each model in
that enemy unit. For each 6, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Timed Charges: Skywardens are practised at
striking hard and then retreating quickly amidst
timed explosions to cause massive damage.

Roll 1 dice for each enemy unit that is within 3"
of this unit immediately before this unit makes
a retreat move. On a 4+, the unit being rolled for
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, DUARDIN, KHARADRON OVERLORDS, SKYFARERS, SKYWARDENS


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that
has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Kharadron Overlords army.
Updated January 2020; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date
or no publication date.

KHARADRON OVERLORDS
WARSCROLL

Arkanaut Company

Arkanaut Frigate

Arkanaut Ironclad
Aether-Khemist
Aetheric Navigator
Arkanaut Admira l
Brokk Grungsson, Lord-Magnate
of Barak-Nar
Endrinmaster with Dirigible Suit
Endrinmaster with Endrinharness
Bjorgen Thundrik

Thundrik’s Profiteers

Endrinriggers

Grundstok Gunhauler

Grundstok Thunderers

Skywardens

Grand Armada
Grundstok Escor t Wing
Iron Sky Attack Squadron
Iron Sky Command

UNIT SIZE
MIN
MAX

10

40

1

1
1
1
1

1

1
1
1

4

3

1

5

3

-
-
-
-

1

1
1
1
1

1

1
1
1

4

12

1

20

12

-
-
-
-

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD
ROLE

90

250

510
90
100
140

240

220
100

140

100

150

120

100

90
140
120
130

Battleline

Behemoth

Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader

Leader
Leader
Leader

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

FACTION

ALLIES

Kharadron Overlords

Dispossessed, Fyreslayers, Ironweld Arsenal, Stormcast Eternal

NOTES

Battleline if

BARAK-ZILFIN

Unique

Unique. These units
must be taken as a set
for a total of 140 points.
Although taken as a set,
each is a separate unit.
Battleline if general
is Endrinmaster with
Dirigible Suit
Battleline if

BARAK-URBAZ

Battleline if

BARAK-NAR

Battleline if general
is Endrinmaster with
Dirigible Suit


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?


PAGEBREAK
DEATH BATTLETOME:
FLESH-EATER COURTS

Bound by the madness of their kings, the Flesh-eater Courts surge
across the land in search of their next grisly feast.

Once noble denizens of the Mortal Realms, the mordants of the
Flesh-eater Courts now scrabble amongst the ruins of their decayed
civilisations. In their deranged minds they believe themselves to be
knights and men-at-arms, defending their kingdoms against hostile
invaders, but in truth they are savage cannibals, driven by the vampiric
insanity of their abhorrants to depraved acts of slaughter.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY CORE BOOK

From across the Mortal Realms, disparate warbands make the dark
pilgrimage to the Eightpoints. The cursed and the damned are
drawn by the Call of the Everchosen. These cannibal tribespeople,
tyrannical despots and ambitious cut-throats have dedicated their
souls to the Chaos Gods. They now seek to earn the favour of mighty
Archaon, Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse, and a place
within his unholy legions. Yet others also brave the monster-haunted
wilds of this cursed domain – questing knights, tormented spirits,
battle-obsessed brutes and countless more. Some are driven by duty,
others by avarice or an overwhelming desire for revenge.

Warcry is a tabletop skirmish wargame in which two or more players
control rival warbands of Citadel Miniatures, each with their own
unique weapons, warriors and abilities. This book contains the
core rules for Warcry, as well as rules for open play, narrative play,
matched play and more. Inside, you will also find information on
the Eightpoints and its twisted denizens, along with an inspiring
miniatures showcase.


PAGEBREAK
