
PAGEBREAK
From the maelstrom of a sundered world, the Eight Realms
were born. The formless and the divine exploded into life.
Strange, new worlds appeared in the firmament, each one
gilded with spirits, gods and men. Noblest of the gods was
Sigmar. For years beyond reckoning he illuminated the
realms, wreathed in light and majesty as he carved out his
reign. His strength was the power of thunder. His wisdom
was infinite. Mortal and immortal alike kneeled before his
lofty throne. Great empires rose and, for a while, treachery
was banished. Sigmar claimed the land and sky as his own
and ruled over a glorious age of myth.

But cruelty is tenacious. As had been foreseen, the great
alliance of gods and men tore itself apart. Myth and legend
crumbled into Chaos. Darkness flooded the realms. Torture,
slavery and fear replaced the glory that came before. Sigmar
turned his back on the mortal kingdoms, disgusted by their
fate. He fixed his gaze instead on the remains of the world he
had lost long ago, brooding over its charred core, searching
endlessly for a sign of hope. And then, in the dark heat of
his rage, he caught a glimpse of something magnificent. He
pictured a weapon born of the heavens. A beacon powerful
enough to pierce the endless night. An army hewn from
everything he had lost. Sigmar set his artisans to work and
for long ages they toiled, striving to harness the power of the
stars. As Sigmar’s great work neared completion, he turned
back to the realms and saw that the dominion of Chaos was
almost complete. The hour for vengeance had come. Finally,
with lightning blazing across his brow, he stepped forth to
unleash his creation.

The Age of Sigmar had begun.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

THE LORD OF UNDEATH ...............4

Nagash Resurgent .......................................8
The Missing Souls .....................................10
The Realm of Death ..................................14
The Legions of Nagash .............................16
A Legacy of Darkness ...............................18
Nagash ........................................................20
Neferata ......................................................22
Mannfred von Carstein ...........................23
Arkhan the Black ......................................24
Morghasts ...................................................25
Soulblight Vampires .................................26
Nighthaunt Spirits ....................................30
The Deathrattle Legions ..........................32
Deathmages and Deadwalkers ...............34
Beasts of the Grave ...................................36

ARMIES OF THE DEAD ..................38

The Twilight Scourge ................................52
Painting Your Legion ...............................54

DEATH ASCENDANT .....................58

Forces of Death..........................................60
Allegiance Abilities:
Grand Host of Nagash .............................62
Allegiance Abilities:
Legion of Sacrament .................................64
Allegiance Abilities:
Legion of Blood .........................................66
Allegiance Abilities:
Legion of Night .........................................68

Lores of the Dead ......................................70
Allegiance Abilities: Soulblight ..............72
Allegiance Abilities: Death .....................74
Battleplan: Turn the Tables .....................76
Battleplan: Ancient Warriors ..................78
Path to Glory Campaigns ........................80
Legions of Nagash Warband Tables .......82
Path to Glory Warband Roster ...............85
Fighting Battles with the
Legions of Nagash .....................................86
Theming Your Army ................................87
Warscrolls ..................................................88
The First Cohort ........................................90
Lords of Sacrament ...................................91
Deathmarch ...............................................92
Castellans of the Crimson Keep .............93
Court of Nulahmia ...................................94
Nightfall Pack ............................................95
Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead ...96
Arkhan the Black,
Mortarch of Sacrament ............................97
Mannfred, Mortarch of Night ................98
Neferata, Mortarch of Blood ...................99
Prince Vhordrai ......................................100
Morghast Harbingers .............................102
Morghast Archai .....................................102
Vampire Lord on Zombie Dragon .......103
Blood Knights ..........................................104
Vargheists .................................................104

Bat Swarms ...............................................105
Fell Bats ....................................................105
Vampire Lord ..........................................106
Bloodseeker Palanquin ..........................107
Coven Throne ..........................................108
Mortis Engine ..........................................109
Necromancer ...........................................110
Zombies ....................................................110
Corpse Cart with Unholy Lodestone . . . .111
Corpse Cart with Balefire Brazier ........111
Terrorgheist
.............................................112
Zombie Dragon .......................................113
Wight King with Baleful Tomb Blade . . . .114
Wight King with Black Axe ..................114
Black Knights ..........................................115
Grave Guard ............................................115
Skeleton Warriors ...................................116
Cairn Wraith ...........................................117
Tomb Banshee .........................................117
Hexwraiths ...............................................118
Black Coach .............................................118
Spirit Hosts ..............................................119
Dire Wolves ..............................................119

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES . . . . .120

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithfu l

for their additional playtesting ser v ices .

Death Battletome: Legions of Nagash © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2018. Death Battletome: Legions of Nagash, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Battletome,
Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or ©
Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying, recording or otherwise,
without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.
British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult super vision.

Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on the packag ing .

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

ISBN: 978-1-78826-304-7

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE LORD OF UNDEATH

Nagash is a truly ancient being of unfathomable necromantic might, nothing less than a jealous god of
the dead. To look upon his towering, cadaverous form, bedecked in a macabre panoply and wreathed
in soul-flaying energies, is to know the futility of hope and the horrifying inevitability of the grave.

A dread figure casts its shadow across
the battlefield, a skeletal giant garbed in
osseous armour, and wielding a skull-
tipped staff that casts a sickening glow
across the earth. A nimbus of shrieking
spirits swirls around this nightmarish
form. The avatar of undeath gestures
with one fleshless hand, and the ground
beneath it erupts as hordes of skeletons
burst from shallow graves, falling upon
their new master’s foes with rusted
blades swinging. Nagash, the Great
Necromancer, surveys the carnage with
cold approval. Even as his enemies are
torn apart, they rise again, slaughtering
those they fought alongside mere
moments earlier. Such is the will of
Nagash, and such is the fate he desires
for all living things.

For aeons beyond reckoning Nagash
has haunted the Mortal Realms,
plotting the elimination of all life and
the expansion of his undead kingdom.
In that time countless heroes and gods
have sought to strike him down, but
Nagash has achieved mastery over
death. On those few occasions when
he has been laid low by blade or spell,
he has always returned, for his will is
unbreakable and his patience limitless.
Where his fellow gods rage and
struggle, indulging their futile passions,
the Great Necromancer weathers the
ages, sowing the seeds of plots that
may not achieve fruition for millennia.
Such a span of years is nothing for one

who is immortal. As the endless wars
of the Eight Realms grind on, the ranks
of the unliving will swell until they
cover all beneath their tireless tread.
Come this day, Nagash will rule over
an empire of pure order, a world free
from daemonic corruption and pitiable
mortal weakness.

All undead creatures serve Nagash,
from lowly skeletal serfs to the most
prideful of Vampire Lords. Some may
think themselves the masters of their
own destiny, but this is mere self-
delusion. The Great Necromancer’s
adamantine will cannot be denied.
With but a thought he can dominate
even the mightiest undead creatures,
slaving them to his desires.

From the mist-shrouded barrows of
Ullenghast to the parched wastes of
the Desert of Bones, Nagash lays claim
to the entirety of Shyish, the Realm of

Death, and has already set in motion a
plan of terrifying scale to wrest it back
from the grip of Chaos. The centre of
his power is Nagashizzar, a foreboding,
shadow-shrouded necropolis that
echoes to the screams of tormented
souls. Here the Great Necromancer
dwells, feeding upon other gods of the
afterlife and consuming their power.

Nagash will suffer no rivals, and brook
no interference with his schemes.
The fate of all souls upon death shall
be to fall into the grasp of the Great
Necromancer. Any who would disrupt
this process are forever marked as
thieves and betrayers. The Chaos God
Slaanesh and his followers must face
justice, for the gluttonous Dark Prince
has feasted on numberless aelven souls
that by right belong to Shyish. No
better are the arrogant aelf-gods Tyrion
and Malerion, who stole away the spirit
essences of their dead kin in order to
rebuild their shattered civilisations.
Most egregious of all are the actions of
Sigmar the Soul-Thief, he who had the
nerve to offer the hand of peace while
looting the priceless souls of mortal
champions to forge his celestial armies.

Nagash yearns to make each of these
foes pay for their transgressions,
though for now he bides his time.
None know better than the Great
Necromancer that revenge is a dish best
served cold.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Nagash has haunted the realms for
aeons, since long before the Age of
Myth. In that time he has accumulated
a wealth of arcane knowledge beyond the ken of
mere mortals, and complete mastery over death.

Yet despite the Great Necromancer’s immense
power, even he could not escape the magical
cataclysm which sundered the world-that-was.
It was the God-King Sigmar who first came
across Nagash’s shattered essence, which lay
buried beneath a mountain-cairn in Shyish, the
Realm of Death. The two gods had never been
more than reluctant allies, yet Sigmar knew
that each of the newly formed Eight Realms
would require a guardian to watch over it. The
corrupting powers of Chaos would surely seek
to despoil these lands, just as they had brought
about the destruction of the old world. So it
was that Sigmar freed Nagash, and the Great
Necromancer joined the God-King’s pantheon
and took Shyish as his domain. The millennia
that followed came to be known as the Age of
Myth. It was a time of unrivalled wonder and
hope. Great civilisations thrived even in the
harsh environs of Shyish. Cities were raised,
with soaring spires and strong walls. The sound
of elegiac music drifted across the land, and the
mortal races came together to honour the gods
with works of art and culture.

Nagash cared nothing for these idle fancies, and
felt no loyalty at all for the arrogant Sigmar. He
began to hunt down and devour all the other
gods of death in existence, consuming their
power until he alone ruled over the afterlife. In
Nagash’s eyes, the natural cycle of death and
rebirth was a thing to be twisted and moulded
until it served his purpose alone. Nagash dwelt
within the great citadel of Nagashizzar, at the
centre of Shyish. No living creature could set
foot within its walls, for it radiated an aura
of dark magic that would wither their flesh
in an instant. Its might only increased with
the discovery of vast deposits of Shyishan
realmstone at the far edge of the Realm of
Death. This black, grainy substance – known
as grave-sand, sand-of-time or mortis ash –

consisted of pure, crystallised death magic. At
Nagash’s direction, colossal inverted pyramids
constructed from vitrified grave-sand were
raised into the skies above Nagashizzar,
drawing more and more dark energy to the
centre of the Great Necromancer’s power.

Then came the dawn of the Age of Chaos, when
the invasion of the Chaos Gods drowned the
Mortal Realms in a tidal wave of bloodshed
and horror. These ancient beings hungered
for the souls that had escaped them after the
destruction of the world-that-was, and had
put aside their own eternal power struggle to
unite for this dark crusade. Perhaps, if Sigmar’s
pantheon had united against this threat, they
might have triumphed, but the fractured
alliance soon fell apart as each of its members
pursued their own ends. Nagash abandoned
Sigmar at the Battle of Burning Skies, where
the forces of Chaos won a climactic victory. This
betrayal unleashed the God-King’s berserker
rage. Across the Realm of Death Sigmar hunted
the Great Necromancer, and Nagash only barely
escaped from the warrior deity’s blazing fury.
In his rampage Sigmar decimated countless
undead legions, and the fell rituals of Chaos
sorcerers extinguished the baleful aura of death
magic from much of Shyish. Nagash’s power,
once uncontested in this realm, could not hold
back the tide.

For centuries the Barrow Wars raged on, and
the legions of Nagash suffered defeat at every
turn. The final hammer blow came before the
gates of Nagashizzar. Archaon the Everchosen,
first champion of the Dark Gods, cut the Lord
of Undeath down, and Nagash’s form came
apart in an eruption of necromantic energies.
His deathless armies collapsed in piles of dust
and bone. Only a desperate counter-attack by
Nagash’s Mortarch lieutenants drove Archaon’s
hordes back long enough for the remains
of the Great Necromancer to be reclaimed.
The Mortarchs retreated to the forgotten
underworld of Stygxx with their master’s
remains, the blood-drunk hordes of Chaos
racing after them like slavering wolves.


PAGEBREAK
NAGASH RESURGENT

For hundreds of years Nagash dwelt within the underworld of Stygxx, plotting revenge upon all those
who had wronged him. When he returned to the Mortal Realms, the ground would shake beneath the
tireless tread of his legions. His revenge would begin at the ruins of Nagashizzar.

Nagashizzar was Nagash’s great capital
in the Realm of Death, the seat of his
power and a monument to all that he
had accomplished in his long existence.
It was a place born from the darkest of
nightmares, a fortress-city of looming
spires and twisting, mist-shrouded
alleys populated by the risen dead.
Great cathedrals of bone reached
towards the gloaming sky, where flocks
of grave-bats whirled and screeched. In
vast underground mausoleum palaces
the aristocracy of Shyish practised
their ancient rituals and worshipped

their eternal lord and master. Such
was the aura of death that emanated
from the place that any mortal who set
foot within its walls would find their
flesh sloughing from their bones in
desiccated clumps of grave-dust.

This dark grandeur came crashing
down in the last years of the Age of
Myth, when Archaon the Everchosen
brought his armies to the gates of the
dread citadel. The two clashed under
the shadow of Nagashizzar, a display
of magical and martial might that

shattered the ground and boiled the
skies. Even at the heart of his own
domain, Nagash could not stand before
the Everchosen, swollen as he was with
the resurgent power of Chaos. The
Great Necromancer was struck down
with a hacking blow from Archaon’s
blade, the Slayer of Kings, and the
gates of Nagashizzar were torn open.
Daemons spilled into the streets of that
ghost-haunted metropolis, shattering
monuments to the God of Death and
falling upon anything that moved in a
frenzy of destruction. Resistant to the


PAGEBREAK
potent death magic that saturated the
city, the children of the Ruinous Powers
ran amok. The sack of Nagashizzar did
not cease until the place was little more
than a burning ruin.

It took one final, all-out assault led by
the Mortarchs – Nagash’s
lieutenants
– to reclaim what was left of the
Great Necromancer’s physical form.
Even then, the essence of Nagash
endured. As he regenerated within
the underworld of Stygxx over the
centuries that followed, Nagash
brooded upon the crushing defeat
he had suffered at the site of his
greatest works. Such a grievous insult
demanded satisfaction, though as ever
the Great Necromancer would not be
baited into rash action. Nagash would
gather his strength until the time
was right to deliver justice upon the
invaders of Shyish. It was only when
Sigmar’s Tempest erupted across the
Mortal Realms that Nagash knew the
hour of his reconquest had come. With
the resurgence of his power and the
distraction caused by the God-King’s
renewed crusade, Nagash had a chance
to seize his former stronghold from the
clutches of Chaos.

The God of Death emerged from the
Starless Gates at long last, and a swell
of death magic swept across the land,
summoning the fallen to fight for
their master once more. The Legions
of Nagash seemed almost infinite, a
sea of bleached bone and grave-worn
steel that blotted the earth for many
hundreds of miles. Before this endless
horde stood warriors of the Dark Gods,
veterans who had waged countless
wars against the dead. Even as these

matchless warriors hacked down scores
of deathless soldiers, hundreds more
burst from the earth. One by one, the
followers of Chaos were dragged down
and torn apart by skeletal hands. No
sooner had they breathed their last
than their bodies rose once more, given
motion by the tide of deathly magic.

The eight black-iron keeps that the
forces of Chaos had assembled around
the ruins of Nagashizzar were torn
down, their occupants butchered or
enslaved. The Chaos Lords who had
been tasked by Archaon with defending
Nagashizzar faced a far worse fate.
Their crucified bodies were hung from
the walls of the recaptured city, and set
alight with spirit-searing balefire. In
undeath, those who had defied Nagash
would burn for eternity, their screams
echoing ceaselessly across the dread
citadel. It was this chorus of torment
that announced the return of the Great
Necromancer to his seat of power.

Once more enthroned at the heart of
Shyish, Nagash now turns his mind
towards consolidation, preparing for
his inevitable domination of all that
slips from the mortal coil. Entreaties
from Sigmar to join the war against
Chaos have been spurned, for the God-
King’s rampant soul-theft has not been
forgotten nor forgiven. Indeed, many of
Nagash’s agents have been dispatched
upon important missions into lands
controlled by Sigmar’s faithful,
searching for clues to the true nature of
the Stormcast Eternals.

Reconstruction of Nagashizzar
began immediately upon the Great
Necromancer’s return, and continues

apace. Nagash’s
stronghold is being
remade greater and more terrible than
ever before. Millions of undead thralls
work tirelessly, driven by their master’s
irresistible will. Flesh and stone
are moulded into soaring bastions.
Necromancers raise walls of grasping
skeletal hands and groaning skulls.
Living slaves are worked until they
expire, and find no respite from their
bondage even in death.

It will take many lifetimes for
Nagashizzar to reach its former glory,
but Nagash can wait. There is much for
him to accomplish in the meantime.
The Mortarchs of Night and Blood are
continuously dispatched to the Prime
Innerlands and beyond on vengeful
crusades. Their undead legions march
relentlessly on, erasing the taint of
Chaos from Shyish, and spreading
the touch of death across the rest of
the Mortal Realms. Arkhan, favoured
disciple of Nagash, raises vast hordes
of skeletons and sends them out
towards the Realm’s Edge. The process
of gathering Shyishan realmstone has
escalated greatly. Like marching ants,
columns of undead slaves trail back
to Nagashizzar, precious grave-sand
clutched between their bony fingers.
The Mortarch of Sacrament oversees
the construction of yet more black
pyramids, inverted and floating in the
skies above Nagashizzar, each built and
arranged to the exacting specifications
of the God of Death.

The fell energies of Nagashizzar
wax ever greater, and the Great
Necromancer’s
influence spreads far
and wide. Soon, all the realms will feel
the chill touch of the grave.


PAGEBREAK
THE MISSING SOULS

Souls are a priceless resource which can be used to power all manner of arcane
rituals and creations. None lay so firm a claim upon the spirits of the deceased as
Nagash, lord of the underworlds.

SIGMAR THE SOUL-THIEF

Nagash and the God-King Sigmar
share a tempestuous history. At times
they have been reluctant allies. More
often, they have been hated foes, each
possessing an adamantine will and
an unwavering belief in their own
dominance that inevitably drew them
to battle one another. Yet it was a single,
desperate act upon Sigmar’s part that
rendered him a betrayer in the mind of
the Great Necromancer, and set these
two mythical figures upon an inevitable
path to all-out war.

As the Age of Chaos drowned the
Mortal Realms in bloodshed and terror,
the God-King withdrew to the Realm

of Heavens, abandoning his scattered
people so that the dream of culture
and civilisation might live on. Deep
within the palace of Sigmaron, seat of
his power in the holy city of Azyrheim,
Sigmar paced and plotted. He had
sworn to return to save his tormented
flock, but to do so he would need an
army of unbreakable will, warriors who
could stand unbowed and unafraid
before the full horror of Chaos.
Gathering his allies to his side, Sigmar
began his greatest work.

The Stormcast Eternals, Sigmar’s
immortal champions, were blessed with
superhuman strength and durability.
They were clad in armour fashioned

THE MIRRORED CITY OF SHADESPIRE

Nothing exemplifies the lengths to which the Great Necromancer will go to punish
those responsible for denying him his tithe of souls more than the fate of the great
city of Shadespire. Once a majestic centre of science and innovation, Shadespire
became famous throughout Shyish and beyond for the production of shadeglass
– pure grave-sand vitrified and processed into crystal. This wondrous material
possessed the ability to capture a being’s soul upon death, allowing one to exist
forever in a mirror-realm, shorn of their physical form. In this way beloved family
members could converse with their deceased loved ones, and the city’s ruling
Katophranes – great mages, inventors and statesmen – could impart the breadth of
their knowledge to the next generation.

Nagash looked upon the inhabitants of Shadespire, whom he saw as supremely
arrogant, and was filled with cold fury. These mortal creatures dared to disrupt the
sacred order of Shyish, and deny the God of Death his due. Such defiance required


PAGEBREAK
within vast celestial forges, and bore
weapons touched by the cleansing
power of Sigmar’s Tempest. Yet it was
the blazing souls of these warriors that
granted them their true strength. Each
Stormcast was once a mortal hero of
the realms who fell in battle against the
foul worshippers of the Chaos Gods.
As they stood upon the threshold of
death, their spirit essence was claimed
by the celestial storm, their bodies
disappearing in a flash of lightning as
they were drawn back to Sigmaron, the
God-King’s palace in Azyr. There they
would be reforged and born again as
the greatest warriors of Order that the
realms had ever seen.

Nagash, mired in the centuries-long
Barrow Wars against the hordes
of Chaos invaders pouring into
Shyish, felt a stream of precious souls
slipping from his grasp. This could
not be countenanced. As the father of
necromancy and the undisputed master

of death, Nagash claimed the spirits of
the deceased as his property alone. It
was this very soul-matter that granted
the Great Necromancer his formidable
powers, and to steal it challenged the
rigid hierarchy of the underworlds in
an unforgivably reckless manner.

Nagash traced the stream of missing
souls to the Heavens, and knew that
Sigmar had taken what was rightfully
his. His fury was absolute, a chilling
rage that transformed the underworld
of Stygxx into a frozen wasteland.
However,
there was nothing that could
be done to repay this unforgivable
slight while the armies of the Dark
Gods massed before the gates of
Nagashizzar. As always the Great
Necromancer would bide his time,
and wait for his enemies to reveal their
weaknesses. In due course, the God-
King’s brazen theft would be avenged,
and Sigmar would learn what it truly
meant to cross the God of Death.

a fitting punishment. The Great Necromancer would show the people of Shadespire
the true horror of a world without death. Their fate would serve as a warning to all
mortals, reminding them of their true place.

Working a spell of terrible power, Nagash corrupted the magic of the shadeglass,
and spirited Shadespire away into a dark, twisted twilight sub-realm, refracted
between the Realms of Light and Shadow. No soul would ever escape the Mirrored
City of Shadespire, for the very shadeglass that had offered eternal life now kept the
spirits of the dead imprisoned for all time. Unable to pass on, the inhabitants of the
city watched their flesh wither and rot away over the centuries, losing their minds
to insanity and hopelessness. The ruins of Old Shadespire still stand, a gloom-
shrouded testament to the futility of defying the God of Death. Tales are told across
the Mortal Realms of roving bands of adventurers who have strayed too far within
the borders of this cursed place, never to be seen again.


PAGEBREAK
SOULS OF AELF-KIND

It was not only the God-King that had
raised Nagash’s
ire with his brazen
theft. The God of Death greatly coveted
aelf-souls, for the spirits of these
immortal beings blazed with potential.
Such powerful spirit matter could be
shaped and twisted into wondrously
macabre creations, fused with bone and
amethyst magic to create weapons of
war, structures of radiant necromantic
energy, or a thousand other artefacts.
Yet so few of these priceless souls made
their way to Shyish, for other hungering
eyes were drawn to them.

As the world-that-was tore itself
apart, countless mortal lives were
snuffed out in an instant. Tormented,
lost souls drifted through the aether,
and were claimed by dark powers
that reached forth hungrily from the
Realm of Chaos. No deity indulged
themselves so thoroughly as Slaanesh,
the god of excess. The Dark Prince
devoured so many aelf-souls that he
grew bloated and sluggish, and was
forced to take shelter lest his fellow
gods took advantage of his weakened
state to gain ground in the great game
of dominance and intrigue that defined
their every action.

It was Malerion and Tyrion, the gods
of aelf-kind, who discovered Slaanesh
and lured him into captivity. Desperate
to restore their ailing race, they began
to extract as many souls as they
could from the helpless Chaos God.
They performed this task in secret,
in a distant sub-realm hidden from
prying eyes, yet Nagash – connected
to all things of the spirit realm – could
feel a great bounty slipping from his

fingers, torn away by some unknown
entity. His agents ventured far and
wide in search of those responsible, yet
Malerion and Tyrion had covered their
tracks expertly.

Perhaps the culprits may have
remained entirely unknown, were it
not for the subterfuge of Morathi –
mother of Malerion and Queen of the
Shadow Realm. Morathi purported
to aid her son and Tyrion in their
endeavour, all the while secretly
stealing a surplus bounty of aelf spirits
away to Ulgu for her own sinister
purposes. Malerion and Tyrion’s
careful
plans had not accounted for Morathi’s
parasitic magic, masked behind spells
of obfuscation and misdirection.
Though Nagash still could not pinpoint
Slaanesh’s exact location, this torrent of
stolen souls drew his eye to the aelven
gods’ duplicity.

It was not long before further acts of
theft caught the Great Necromancer’s
attention. Across the Mortal Realms,
trickles of spirit matter vanished into
nothing, as if broken apart upon the
wind. Something was preying upon
mortal-kind, soul and flesh, whisking
them away to an unknown realm.
Great fleets of merchant ships or entire
townships would disappear overnight.
Not a fragment of their spiritual

essence
remained.
All that could
be found were
a few soulless
bodies, left inert
and comatose,
unable to wake. This
was no sudden surge in
absent spirit matter, but a slow
and steady dissipation. Even to
Nagash it was subtle and barely
noticeable, and that disturbed the
Great Necromancer most of all.
Arkhan the Black and his Legion
of Sacrament were dispatched
to discover the truth of these
disappearances, but they found
no sign of those responsible.

VENGEANCE AT HAND

Nagash has weathered these myriad
indignities with great restraint, never
indulging his simmering resentment.
Now, as he sits once more upon the
throne of Nagashizzar,
the Great
Necromancer puts in motion his
plans for revenge against the Soul-
Thief Sigmar, the covetous aelf-gods
and the dark powers of Chaos who
so shamelessly despoiled his rightful
domain. The Great Necromancer is
no longer content to dwell within
Shyish, waiting and watching. He will
bring his war to every corner of the
Mortal Realms.

The Mortarchs have been unleashed in
all their dark splendour, abandoning
the cautious opportunism they
favoured during the height of the
Realmgate Wars in favour of total
war. None are safe from their wrath.
Queen Neferata’s blood-cults and


PAGEBREAK
vampire covens infest every stratum
of Sigmarite society, feasting upon the
lifeblood of the God-King’s proud new
cities. The Azyr-born Gestout dynasty
in far-flung Anvilgard, the Pale Prince
of Hammerhal, the Sanguinary Choir
of Excelsis – the Mortarch of Blood’s
vampiric agents seem to have infiltrated
everywhere. These intriguers, assassins
and spies pave the way for the armies
of the Legion of Blood. They employ
their dark charisma to seduce and
manipulate key civic and military
figures, gathering influence slowly and
subtly, only stepping from the shadows
when the enemy is at their most
vulnerable. Only then do Neferata’s
armies ride forth to feast upon their
helpless prey.

Spates of vicious killings, bloody
ambushes and the disappearance of
entire mortal armies mark the dark
work of Mannfred von Carstein’s
Legion of Night. The vampire’s
forces
march deep into Sigmarite lands,
burning and slaying at will. Bat-
winged horrors strike from the
gloaming night skies, snatching
away helpless victims and sowing
terror in the survivors. Skeletal
warriors march and slay
according to their master’s
cruel designs, butchering
entire frontier towns
and fortified outposts,
stringing the
mangled corpses
of their victims
up on the
walls of

conquered townships for all to see.
Culchasia burns. Voltisgard is but a
shadow-haunted skeleton of its former
might. The twin fortresses of the
Crowfeast Peaks are strewn with the
flayed bodies of their defenders. Von
Carstein’s
rampage of terror has drawn
out many armies of Stormcast Eternals
and their allies in search of retribution,
but so far the vampire has remained
elusive. Meanwhile, the Sigmar-
worshippers’ outraged crusades of
vengeance have left several major cities
worryingly under-strength.

Ever loyal to the Great Necromancer,
Arkhan the Black dispatches his Black
Disciples on missions of the utmost
importance, even as he oversees the
construction of further inverted
pyramids above Nagashizzar. The
Legion of Sacrament seeks forbidden
knowledge with a greater single-
mindedness than ever before, venturing
into enemy-controlled lands to loot
ancient tombs, hidden library-cities
and arcane repositories. Armies pour
into Ulgu, the Realm of Shadows,
where Nagash suspects the aelf-gods
have hidden the captive Slaanesh. The
dangers of this shrouded realm are
myriad and horrifying, and many of
these expeditions disappear without

trace. Yet there are always more corpses
to raise and more deathmages willing
to risk all for a taste of true power, and
so Arkhan continues to search for those
who dared steal from his master.

With all his pieces arranged upon the
board, Nagash prepares to launch his
war against the living, his grand plan
for the conquest of the Mortal Realms.
It is a gambit both astonishingly
intricate and devilishly cunning, built
upon plots that Nagash has woven over
the course of thousands of years. Such
an endeavour could only come from
the mind of a being as patient and cold-
blooded as the Great Necromancer. The
true horror of this scheme is yet to be
fully understood by his enemies, but
even they can feel the power of Shyish
rising to a shuddering crescendo.

Across the realms, barrow-mounds
echo to the sound of marching boots,
and withered corpses stir within dusty
tombs. Witch-light auroras herald the
coming of spirit-storms that tear the
souls from the living and bring the
dead clawing up from the soil in their
multitudes. Terrified mortals cower
within their cities, praying to their gods
that strong walls and steady spears will
protect them. Ancient forest spirits
stir, awakened by the tread of deathless
legions. Warriors of Chaos gaze from
the battlements of their Dreadholds,
eagerly anticipating the prospect of
slaughter and suffering.

Death waxes ascendant. The time is
coming for a final reckoning, an era of
vengeance that will remind all traitors
and pretenders who truly commands
the spirits of the fallen.


PAGEBREAK
THE REALM OF DEATH

Shyish is a realm of endings. Within its borders lie underworlds beyond counting, each summoned
into being by the collective belief of mortal-kind, and formed from purest death magic. At the centre
of it all, within the great citadel of Nagashizzar, dwells the Supreme Lord of the Undead.

The scattered civilisations of the Mortal
Realms have each forged their own
image of what awaits their souls after
death, their own mythical concept of
an underworld. All of these imagined
afterlives coalesce in Shyish, the Realm
of Death, shaped by such common
ideologies and given form by pure
amethyst magic. These new lands are
settled by the souls of those who gave
credence to them in life, growing in
power and prominence with each new
believer. Yet Shyish is, above all, a realm
of endings. In time, the memories of
these underworlds will fade, as the
civilisations that gave birth to them
are lost to history. Eventually, each will
disperse into nothingness.

Though Shyish is a realm of the dead,
it is not solely a grim or foreboding
place. Its countless underworlds are
astonishing in their splendour and
variety. Athanasia is a land of peace and
enlightenment, where souls fade and
are reborn in an endless cycle. Hallost,
the Land of Dead Heroes, echoes to the
laughter and chanting of warrior tribes,
battling side by side against hordes of
monstrous fiends. These heroes die and
are cremated each night, only to rise
from the ashes the next morning to join
their brothers and sisters in battle once
more. The Latchkey Isle, by contrast,
is a labyrinthine paradise filled with
gleaming treasures locked away behind
impassable doors, watched over by

solemn guard-beasts and wicked traps.
Here, the spirits of the foremost thieves
in all the realms gather to challenge
themselves with the greatest heists they
have ever known, each more taxing and
thrilling than the last.

The living, too, populate Shyish,
coexisting with the dead. The greatest
concentrations of mortals can be found
in the so-called Prime Innerlands,
the central mass of Shyish, far from
the deadly edge of the realmsphere,
where amethyst magic gathers in such
quantity that to venture there would
spell the death of any living thing. Here,
they forge an existence from the harsh
wildernesses of Shyish. In these realms,


PAGEBREAK
tradition is sacred above all, and the
honoured dead walk amongst the
living. A princess might seek counsel
from the spirit of her long-deceased
mother, or a band of deathless warriors
might keep an eternal watch upon
the city wall, having sworn an oath to
protect the living.

Sometimes, the relationship between
living and dead is one of mutual
codependency. Other times it is fraught
with strife and horror. The tomb-city
of Gharnost is a gloom-shrouded
metropolis ruled over by skeletal lords,
where the living are enslaved, forced to
build ever more elaborate and grander
mausoleums for their pitiless overlords.
The mortal populace – weary, ragged
creatures bereft of hope – dread
the grinding rattle that heralds the
approach of the Corpse Carts. These
reeking wagons halt outside the hovels

of the living, and the unfortunate
residents are dragged out by skeletal
watchmen and butchered, their corpses
hurled into the grim conveyance to
later be raised as mindless warriors of
the lords of Gharnost.

During the Age of Chaos, many of the
underworlds and civilisations of Shyish
were overwhelmed by the daemonic
hordes of the Dark Gods. Cities were
levelled, and hungering gods devoured
souls that had known contentment
for an eternity. Scant few of the great
civilisations of Shyish survived the
purges, and the foul icons of Chaos
were planted in every corner of the
realm. The Dark Gods had long coveted
the Realm of Death, for if they were to
conquer the underworlds, mortal-kind
would know no peace after death, only
an eternity of damnation and torment
at their cruel hands.

Even now, with a resurgent Nagash
seated upon his throne in Nagashizzar,
Shyish is a dangerous, treacherous
place. Death magic swells at the Realm’s
Edge, and the monstrous beings that
dwell there have begun to stray ever
further into occupied lands. The Prime
Innerlands are now riven by conflict,
and the forces of Chaos, though
embattled by the swelling legions of
Nagash, remain in control of great
swathes of the realm.

The power of Nagash’s Black Pyramids
radiates from the very centre of
Shyish, within the city of Nagashizzar,
turning the surrounding lands hostile
and barren. The restless dead launch
assaults upon the living with increasing
regularity, and fell witch-light burns in
the bruised skies. The people of Shyish
know well their omens, and all can feel
a change upon the bitter wind.


PAGEBREAK
THE LEGIONS OF NAGASH

Nagash is the undisputed master of death. All lifeless things, from the carrion crawlers that writhe
through the charnel mires of Shyish to the mightiest Vampire Lord, chafe under his dominating will.
Yet even the Supreme Lord of the Undead cannot be in all places at once.

To ensure his domination of the Mortal
Realms, Nagash turns to his great
lieutenants, the Mortarchs. Each of
these mighty beings wields formidable
arcane power and military might, and
is granted a sliver of Nagash’s
limitless
power with which to command their
own undead legions. The Mortarchs
were chosen by Nagash not for their
loyalty – only Arkhan the Black appears
truly content in the face of his master’s
dominance – but for their unique and
invaluable skills.

Should Nagash require the corruption
of a mortal city via the spreading of
the Soulblight curse, he will turn to
Neferata, Mortarch of Blood. Her
covens and blood-cults are rife within
the grand Cities of Sigmar, despite
the best efforts of the Order of Azyr’s
agents to root them out. If a task
demands martial expertise and vicious,
low cunning, the Great Necromancer
will turn to Mannfred von Carstein,
Mortarch of Night, while the most
sensitive and secretive missions are
inevitably given to Arkhan, Mortarch
of Sacrament.

composition depending on the warlord
chosen to command it, from a small yet
powerful coven of Necromancers led by
a Vampire Lord, to a kingdom-toppling
tide of skeletal warriors marching
under the banners of a Wight King.

Just as Nagash cannot claim
omnipotence, neither can his
lieutenants oversee every battle and
every campaign. Thus, the Mortarchs
in turn delegate to their own favoured
Necromancers or undead thralls.
Mannfred von Carstein will commonly
task a Vampire Lord of his court to sow
carnage and terror amongst the living,
a loud and bloody distraction that
masks his more devious machinations.
Arkhan’s Black Disciples, charnel-
priests steeped in necromantic power,
supervise the Legion of Sacrament’s
ceaseless pursuit of relics and treasures
from all corners of the realms. The
Wight King Cortek leads the Blade of
the Blood Queen in Neferata’s name, an
army of shambling corpses and bleach-
boned warriors that has razed countless
kingdoms to the ground in honour of
her dark majesty.

Each Mortarch commands their own
Legion, a gathering of undead warriors
that fights according to the traditions
and strategies favoured by its master.
These are not strictly codified or
organised armies. Detachments from
each Legion may differ in size and

The blood-mad Ghoul Kings of the
Flesh-eater Courts often fight alongside
Nagash and his Mortarchs as powerful
– if unpredictable – allies. Mordants are
not truly undead creatures, and thus
cannot be directly controlled by the
Great Necromancer. Nevertheless, they

accept Nagash as the God of Death,
even if many despise him, seeing him
as a destroyer and tyrant that seeks to
dominate them all. Despite this uneasy
relationship, ghouls are commonly
found amongst armies of the dead.
Where Nagash’s undead legions march,
the ground is littered with corpses, and
the Flesh-eater Courts will gladly form
a fractious alliance if it ensures that
they feed well.

At the foot of this pyramidal power
structure are the foot soldiers and
carrion-beasts of the deathless legions,
beings that can be summoned and
dominated at will by wielders of dark
magic. Zombies and skeletons provide
disposable fodder, front-line troops
immune to mortal weaknesses such
as fear and fatigue. These are the
lowest forms of unlife, incapable of
autonomous thought. They serve as
they are called, spilling the blood of the
living on behalf of their masters.

More dangerous and powerful creatures
must be compelled to join the armies
of the dead by necromantic rituals, or
drawn forth by the aura of death and
suffering they leave in their wake. The
phantom cavalry known as Hexwraiths
are drawn from the underworlds by the
promise of mortal souls, for example,
while Banshees are easily tempted by
the opportunity to torment and punish
the living.


PAGEBREAK
LEGION OF NIGHT

As far as Mannfred von Carstein is
concerned, honour and courage are
the preserve of fools. All that matters
is that the enemy is slaughtered so
bloodily and viciously that they dare
not challenge his might again. Fear
and confusion are von Carstein’s
favoured weapons, and his Legion of
Night spreads both before it as it carves
a gore-strewn path across the realms.
Defeated foes are butchered and staked
for their kin to see, spitted, flayed and
strung upon the walls of fallen citadels,
or raised as unliving horrors to devour
those they once loved.

The Legion of Night is Nagash’s
most potent terror weapon. When
the Great Necromancer desires not
just to defeat a foe, but to make a
grisly example of them, he turns
to the Mortarch of Night. It is not
Mannfred’s
cruelty, however, which is
the vampire’s most dangerous quality
– it is his cunning. Von Carstein
is a master at luring the enemy
into a false sense of security, before
attacking from unexpected quar ters
and tearing them apar t in a savage
display of violence.

LEGION OF
SACRAMENT

When the Legion of Sacrament
marches to war,
it does so under
a roiling cloud of death magic, a
tempest of necromantic energies that
breaks upon the living, withering
flesh and chilling blood to ice in an
instant. Forces drawn from this host
are sent by Nagash to fulfil his most
secretive and dangerous tasks.

Arkhan the Black oversees these
dark processions, and where he
and his lieutenants
travel, arcane
horrors sw iftly follow. None but
Nagash himself have so thoroughly
mastered the necromantic ar ts as
the Mor tarch of Sacrament,
for he
has served the Great Necromancer
for as long as any can remember.
Countless Deathmages have
travelled across the Mor tal Realms
to study beneath Arkhan, and he
names the most promising his Black
D isciples . It is rare to see an army
of the Legion enter battle w ithout at
least one of these power ful sorcerers
unleashing a soul-rending storm of
magic as his undead thralls advance
upon the foe.

LEGION OF BLOOD

To the Legion of Blood falls the task
of corrupting mor tal
lands, sowing
blood-cults, necromantic heresies
and vampire covens within the
civilisations of the Mortal Realms.
From her capital city of Nulahmia,
Queen Neferata weaves a web
of intrigue that is astonishing in
its breadth and complexity. Her
countless agents are scattered
throughout
the realms, each playing
a vital role in a grand scheme the
scale of which only the Mortarch of
Blood fully understands.

Neferata’s armies epitomise the
macabre grandeur of the deathless
aristocracy. Often such a force
will be led by a Vampire Lord,
resplendent
in the heraldry of its
cursed bloodline, seeking to rise in
the favour of the Mortarch of Blood
by slaying her many foes. These
chosen retainers strike swiftly and
aggressively,
emboldened by the
knowledge of their superiority over
all
living things and possessed of a
terrify ing fervour that stems from
their eagerness to impress their
dark mistress.


PAGEBREAK
A LEGACY OF DARKNESS

To the immortal God of Death, the span of years is but the trickle of sand in an hourglass, counting
down to the inevitable end of all things. As war consumes the Mortal Realms, the spectre of death
spreads far and wide, and the fell power of Shyish waxes ever stronger.

EMPIRE
OF BONES

DURING THE AGE OF MYTH

NAGASH CONSTRUCTED THE

FORTRESS-CITY OF NAGASHIZZAR AT

THE CENTRE OF SHYISH, AND RAISED VAST

LEGIONS OF UNDEAD TO SECURE HIS GRASP

UPON THE REALM. SEEKING TO CONSUME

ALL THE UNDERWORLDS AND TAKE THEIR

POWER FOR HIMSELF, HE CHARGED THE

MORTARCHS, GENERALS OF FORMIDABLE

NECROMANTIC POWER, WITH

ENACTING HIS WILL.

FIRES FROM BENEATH

Tzeentchian daemons boiled up from the
Corpse-Mines of Ghaal, which had long
provided Nagash with precious realmstone.
The overseers turned their zombie slaves
against the intruders, but the fires of
change consumed all.

THE GREAT BETRAYAL

Nagash sensed a stream of precious souls
slipping from his clutches. The spirits of
fallen champions, swollen with power
and potential, were being stolen away. He
traced this theft to the Realm of Heavens,
and to the God-King Sigmar. Nagash’s
fur y was absolute. He swore vengeance
upon Sigmar for this betrayal.

THE EBON SCYTHE

The Age of Chaos began, and Nurgle’s daemonic hosts
invaded Shyish. Plaguebearers surged into the land of
Ossea, and only the might of the Ebon Scythe – one
thousand elite Morghast warriors – kept them at bay.

SOULSTORM

At the Battle of Dirge Peak, the Great
Necromancer faced hordes of ravening
Bloodletters. He ripped the souls from
thousands of mortal prisoners, and
channelled the spirits of the slain to
summon a vast ethereal host which tore
through the Khornate daemons.

THE
FALL OF
NAGASHIZZAR

ARCHAON THE EVERCHOSEN

DEFEATED NAGASH AT THE BATTLE OF

BLACK SKIES, SHATTERING THE GREAT

NECROMANCER’S PHYSICAL FORM AND

SACKING HIS CAPITAL OF NAGASHIZZAR. THE

MORTARCHS SECURED THE BROKEN REMAINS

OF THEIR MASTER, AND RETREATED TO

THE UNDERWORLD OF STYGXX. OVER

THE FOLLOWING CENTURIES NAGASH

SLOWLY RECUPERATED, ALL THE

WHILE PLOTTING HIS

REVENGE.


PAGEBREAK
TEMPEST
OF DEATH

A RESURGENT NAGASH

BURST FROM THE STARLESS

GATES, UNLEASHING A TEMPEST OF

NECROMANTIC ENERGY THAT SWEPT

ACROSS THE REALM OF DEATH. THE ARMIES

OF CHAOS FOUND THEMSELVES ASSAILED

ON ALL FRONTS BY VAST HOSTS OF THE

RISEN DEAD. THE LEGIONS OF NAGASH

RECLAIMED THE RUINED CITADEL

OF NAGASHIZZAR, SEAT OF THE

DEATH GOD’S POWER.

DEATH AMONGST
THE CLOUDS

Kharadron Overlords from Barak-
Mor sought to harvest the aether-
gold clouds which drifted about
the peaks of Garnhak’s Maw. As
they drew close, the duardin were
swarmed by hulking,
leather-winged
monsters which snatched scores
of crewmen from the decks of
their vessels.

PRAYERS FOR THE LOST

The Legion of Blood ambushed the
Sons of the Storm at the Molten
Lakes of Chamon. After three days
of hard fighting the undead host
was driven off. It was only in the
aftermath of battle that the Stormcast
Eternals realised that several of their
number were missing, and had not
been carried back to Azyr upon
the storm.

CONSECRATED IN BLOOD

As the Sons of Mallus led an army of Flagellants
in the consecration of the Blackiron Citadel, the
sky began to darken. The ruins crumbled and
reshaped around them, forming a red-walled
fortress – the cursed Crimon Keep. Prince
Vhordrai and his Blood Knights charged from
this haunted lair, carving their way through the
stunned Sigmarites.

LOST IN THE MIRE

The Flyblown Legion pursued the Mortarch of Night,
Mannfred von Carstein, into the depths of Rotsoul
Mire. As Putrid Blightkings waded after the fleeing
vampire, thousands of Deadwalkers emerged from
the swamp and fell upon them. Outnumbered and
surrounded, the Nurgle-worshippers still had the
best of the fighting, until von Carstein led a vicious
counter-charge into the rear of their formation and
wiped them out to a man.

INTO DARKNESS

Meremghar, greatest of Arkhan’s Black Disciples, was tasked
with leading a mission into the depths of Ulgu to seek the
whereabouts of Slaanesh. His shambling host strode into the
cloaking darkness of that fell realm, as lambent eyes looked
on with predatory curiosity.

DIRE
OMENS

ACROSS THE MORTAL REALMS

OMENS OF DEATH AND SUFFERING

WERE WITNESSED. STORMS OF SEARING

WITCH-LIGHT SCARRED THE HEAVENS,

AND CHILLING GRAVE-WINDS RUSHED

THROUGH ANCIENT TOMBS, RAISING LONG-

DEAD TYRANTS FROM THEIR SLUMBER .

THE LEGIONS OF NAGASH GATHERED IN

NUMBERS NOT WITNESSED SINCE

THE HEIGHT OF THE AGE OF MYTH,

AS SHYISH PREPARED FOR

ALL-OUT WAR.


PAGEBREAK
NAGASH

Nagash is the father of necromancy. By his skeletal hands have countless empires been cast down, their
populations raised with necromantic magic to join his infinite legions. With a gesture he can summon
an army of rotting cadavers, or tear the souls from a horde of enemy warriors.

The Great Necromancer looms above
the battlefield, borne aloft by a swirling
cloud of shrieking spirits. These lethal
phantasms soar and spiral around
Nagash as he brings his staff to bear
upon those who dare oppose him.
A freezing, ethereal storm envelops
his victims, who scream in agonised
horror as their very souls are torn from
their bodies and consumed.

Nagash is the undisputed master of
all undead creatures. When he goes
to war the ground trembles beneath
the tread of his endless legions, and
blood-sucking bats flock thick enough
to shroud the land in an impenetrable
gloom. Would-be lords of death are
brought to their knees, their armies
subsumed into the grand host. There is
no resisting the power of Nagash. Many
rebellious Vampire Lords and vain
tyrants of the barrow have attempted
to defy his dominating will, but all
such futile attempts have only ended in
excruciating and humiliating torment,
for the Great Necromancer never
forgets an insult.

Merely to be in the presence of
Nagash is enough to fill the most
battle-hardened warrior with bone-
deep terror. This is no foe that can
be swept aside with cannon fire and
slashing swords, but an unstoppable
elemental force. Just as death cannot be
conquered, nor can its master. Arrows,

bullets and arcane projectiles deflect
harmlessly from Morikhane, the Great
Necromancer’s ensorcelled armour, as
he unleashes a hail of spells that turn
the battleground into a nightmarish
killing field of twitching corpses and
swirling trails of spirit matter.

Over his impossibly long existence,
Nagash has devoured libraries full of
esoteric texts and forbidden lore. His
mastery of the arcane is rivalled by only
a handful of beings across the Mortal
Realms, and even these powerful
mages would hesitate to summon the
dark sorceries that the God of Death
wields without a second thought. This
bottomless reservoir of knowledge is
stored within the pages of the Nine
Books of Nagash. With a gesture,
Nagash can call one of these tomes to
hand, intoning the dreadful invocations
within to obliterate his foes and snuff
out their own pathetic attempts to
harness magic.

In the time it takes a lesser wizard
to weave a single spell, Nagash will
unleash a tempest of devastation,
sending soul-rending hurricanes and
lances of pure entropic energy tearing
through his foes. Indeed, so suffused
is Nagash with necromantic power
that his very touch can age any mortal
hundreds of years in a moment, turning
flesh and muscle to dust and leaving
nothing but a grinning skeleton behind.

Nagash holds nothing but contempt for
simple-minded barbarians and brutish
warriors who dedicate themselves to
the low arts of combat. He prefers to
exterminate such foes at range with
a cascade of flesh-withering magic,
rather than waste effort crossing blades.
However, should the need arise, he
is more than capable of destroying
those who stray too close. He wields
Alakanash, the Staff of Power, and
Zefet-nebtar, the Mortis Blade. The
former is capped with gems of purest
Shyishan realmstone, which focus
and channel the Great Necromancer’s
eldritch power into a devastatingly
potent beam that can burn through the
strongest magical shields, and allows
Nagash to siphon the souls of the slain
in order to heal his own wounds.

Though Nagash sees bladework as
a crude pursuit, he has nonetheless
learned its intricacies over countless
lifetimes of war and bloodshed, and is
a skilled swordsman. Those enemies
who attempt to engage the God of
Death are hewn down with deft sweeps
of the Mortis Blade, their spirits
severed from their bodies. Any mortals
unfortunate or foolish enough to gaze
into the lambent pits of the Great
Necromancer’s eyes find themselves
stricken by the purest terror – their
blood freezes in their veins and their
hearts cease to beat as they stare into
the face of death incarnate.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
NEFERATA

First and most glorious of the Soulblight vampires is Neferata, Mortarch of Blood. She is a seducer and
manipulator without peer, a weaver of lies, conspiracies and illusions whose fell influence can be felt
all across the Mortal Realms.

Queen Neferata is the epitome of the
aristocratic glory that so many of her
kin strive to emulate. She rules from
the domain of Neferatia, a kingdom
fashioned in the image of a land she
called her own in the distant past. Its
capital city of Nulahmia is a macabre
yet wondrously ornate metropolis in

which the living exist as chattel, utterly
at the mercy of their vampire masters.

Neferata is a creature that thrives
upon control and manipulation.
She remembers a time when even
Nagash was mortal, and some say
that she was in fact the first to bear

the Soulblight curse, and that all
other vampire bloodlines descend
from hers. Certainly, she possesses a
formidable magnetism even for one
of her dark kind, and is able to bend
the most implacable foes to her will.
She masterfully exploits the innate lust
for power and prestige that resides in
her kin. The Court of Nulahmia is a
hotbed of intrigue and treachery, where
an ambitious vampire may ascend to
the highest position of influence over
many decades, only to be cast down or
disposed of by a rival within a matter
of days. This constant strife suits
Neferata well. Not only does it ensure
her subjects strive to accomplish the
most prestigious deeds in the name
of their mistress – thus ensuring their
own ascension – but it prevents any
one of her thralls from becoming too
comfortable, and turning their eye
towards the grandest throne of all.

Neferata’s kin would do well not to
challenge her rule, for she is a deadly
opponent indeed. Those who witness
her riding atop the ever-hungry dread
abyssal, Nagadron, are struck dumb by
her soul-stealing beauty and aura of
majesty. Even as they stand transfixed,
mouths agape, Neferata strikes them
down with bolts of searing witch-light
from Aken-seth, her sorcerous Staff of
Pain, or cuts their life’s thread with a
barely perceptible slash of Akmet-har,
the Dagger of Jet.


PAGEBREAK
MANNFRED VON CARSTEIN

Mannfred von Carstein is a born survivor, a creature of cunning intellect and ever-shifting loyalties.
He is Nagash’s Mortarch of Night, a ruthless general and master of the necromantic arts who has led
armies to war for millennia.

into the depths of Rotsoul Mire, where
they were dragged down into the
boiling murk by grasping, fleshless
hands. It was he who finally breached
the Citadel of Blades, building a tower
of rotted corpses so vast that his armies
could pour over the fortress’ brass-
spiked walls. He began and ended the
decades-long War of the Nail, setting
two mighty duardin empires against
one another with a series of gruesome
murders. There is seemingly no end to
the list of outrages and infamies that
von Carstein has caused over the long
years of his existence. Inflicting terror
and agony upon the mortal races is the
only thing that eases his frustrated rage,
if only for a fleeting moment.

Darkly resplendent in the Armour
of Templehof, a relic from a bygone
age that resonates with fell power,
Mannfred von Carstein rides to battle
astride the dread abyssal Ashigaroth.
He wields Gheistvor, the Sword of
Unholy Power, a blade that drinks the
souls of its victims and employs their
life essence to fuel von Carstein’s dark
magic. With a gesture, the vampire
can unleash a spectral tempest that
tears the souls from those who feel its
chilling touch.

Von Carstein rules from the
underworld of Carstinia, a kingdom of
eternal night dominated by foreboding
castles and stretches of dense forest
in which one can hear the constant
baying of hounds and terrified screams.
This gloom-shrouded region has been
shaped according to the will of its
master, recalling a faraway place from
the ancient vampire’s memory,
lost to
the ravages of time. From his seat in the
city of Sternieste, von Carstein reigns
over an empire of mindless undead
and servile mortals, while risen corpses
fashioned in the likenesses of former
rivals attend to his every whim.

Despite this grandeur,
in recent years
von Carstein has spent more and
more time on campaign, far away
from Carstinia. For the eternally
discontented vampire, even his grand
domain has become a bitter reminder

of past failures, an unsatisfying
illusion that never ceases to remind
him of the limitations of his power.
Though Nagash grants von Carstein
the freedom to wage war as he sees
fit, he maintains a close eye upon
his mercurial general. The Great
Necromancer knows well that von
Carstein cares only for advancing
his own ends, and would betray
him without a second thought if the
opportunity arose. Indeed, several
times in the past the vampire has
overstepped his bounds and invited
harsh punishment.

For his part, Mannfred von Carstein
has now grudgingly assumed the role
of the willing servant, doing as he is bid
without outward signs of rebellion. The
Mortarch of Night may be duplicitous,
but he is no fool. He knows that
Nagash could turn him to ashes with
but a thought, and has no intention
of giving his master reason to do so.
Thus, he plots in secret, waiting for an
opportunity to break free from his leash
and assume the mantle of undisputed
master of death.

One might wonder why Nagash
would keep such a dangerous and
untrustworthy servant in a position of
power. The truth is that few beings in
all the Mortal Realms are as ruthlessly
capable as Mannfred von Carstein. It
was he who drew the Flyblown Legion


PAGEBREAK
ARKHAN THE BLACK

Arkhan the Black is the greatest of Nagash’s students, an arch-necromancer whose dominion over the
dead would be unrivalled were it not for the godly power of his master. He serves with unflinching
loyalty, performing those tasks that the Supreme Lord of the Undead would entrust to no other.

As far as Nagash trusts any creature, he
trusts Arkhan the Black, his Mortarch
of Sacrament. Arkhan has served
the Great Necromancer since time
immemorial, and over the ages has
been privy to many of Nagash’s most
closely guarded secrets. In return for
this unshakeable devotion, Nagash
has blessed his favoured vassal with
both incredible power and unique
responsibility. Only Arkhan has
glimpsed a fraction of the true scale
of his master’s ambition, for it is the
Mortarch of Sacrament that is tasked
with carrying out the God of Death’s
most delicate and difficult tasks.

The armies of Arkhan’s Legion
of Sacrament are supervised and
commanded by the Mortarch’s
personal retinue of Necromancers,
the Black Disciples. To be admitted
to this unhallowed order of death-
priests is to gain access to Arkhan’s

bottomless repositories of necromantic
knowledge. To even be considered
for such an honour, an aspirant must
demonstrate absolute dedication to the
study of death magic, something which
usually involves committing the most
unthinkable atrocities against their
fellow mortals. Arkhan often enters
battle accompanied by one or more
of his Black Disciples, and the aura of
necromantic energies that surrounds
these Deathmage covens empowers
their rituals of desecration.

Though the Black Disciples are
formidable wizards, even their arcane
might pales in comparison to that of
Arkhan. His mastery over death magic
is second only to Nagash himself.
Mounted upon the dread abyssal
Razarak, a gift from Nagash, he soars
ominously across the battlefield,
hurling soul-searing balefire from his
skeletal hands.

Armed with Khenash-an, the Staff
of Spirits, Arkhan can cause enemy
warriors to age hundreds of years in an
instant, their fragile bones collapsing
under the weight of their armour,
their flesh sloughing away in clods of
dust. With a simple command he can
raise scores of corpses to fight in his
name, or send a blizzard of amethyst
shards tearing through his foes. Even
as he unleashes the blackest magics to
obliterate the living, Arkhan feeds upon
the soul-stuff of the slain, restoring any
damage done to his physical form.

Arkhan slays his foes with a cold
dispassion, for his belief in Nagash’s
ultimate success is absolute. And
when that day comes, when the
legions of the dead have conquered
the entirety of the Mortal Realms,
the Mortarch of Sacrament will
be at his master’s side – as he
has ever been.


PAGEBREAK
MORGHASTS

The Morghasts are the finest of Nagash’s undead creations, angels of death wielding blades of spectral
energy that swoop down from on high to reap the souls of the living. They are the Death God’s
guardians and executioners, and they fight and slay in the vanguard of his legions.

Even the lowliest Necromancer can
stitch together a ruined cadaver and
breathe the chill energy of death into
its frame, granting it motion. When
the God of Death turns his hand to
manipulating spirit-stuff and bone,
however, he births something truly
monstrous – the Morghasts. These
mighty creations are amongst Nagash’s
greatest works – peerless killers, grimly
majestic with their tattered wings and
baroque armour, wielding spectral
weapons that rend soul and flesh alike.

The Morghast Harbingers are Nagash’s
instruments of vengeance, raging
death-constructs sent forth to utterly
destroy those unfortunates who have
angered the Supreme Lord of the
Undead. Wielding spirit halberds or a
spirit sword in each hand, these winged
horrors swoop down into the thick of
combat before spinning and leaping in
a whirlwind of slashing blades, a dire
shock to those who, until that point,
had considered all undead as shambling
automatons easily eluded in battle.

By contrast, the Morghast Archai
are bodyguards and custodians, who
protect Nagash’s champions in battle.
They will defend their ward with
single-minded ferocity, closing ranks
and ignoring the rain of blows that
deflects harmlessly from their ebon-
wrought armour, then lashing out to
lop heads with their spectral blades in
reply. These horrific weapons are just
as swiftly turned by Nagash upon the
Archai’s charge if evidence of treachery
comes to light.


PAGEBREAK
SOULBLIGHT

VAMPIRES

Amongst the most fearsome undead are those afflicted by the Soulblight Curse. These creatures of the
night do not devolve into mindless beasts or shambling, rotting horrors. They retain the illusion of
mortality, even as they gain unnatural strength and speed, and an unquenchable thirst for fresh blood.

PRINCE VHORDRAI

Wherever the skeletons of shattered
fortresses scar the earth, wherever
abandoned, doom-shrouded citadels or
ancient, tumbledown castles loom upon
the horizon, the curse of the Crimson
Keep can manifest. The sky will darken
with swirling clouds of carrion-bats.
The earth will crack and flake like dried
gore, and a scarlet glow will envelop
these forgotten strongholds. Stone
by stone, tower by tower, they will
shift and warp into a red-walled keep,
colossal and imposing, dominated by a
great black-iron gatehouse. This is the
lair of Prince Vhordrai, the feared Lord
of the Crimson Keep. From this dread
citadel he launches his crusades against
the living, riding forth upon the great
undead dragon Shordemaire to despoil
and destroy.

Vhordrai is the first amongst Blood
Knights, venerated as nothing less than
a saint of slaughter by these undead
cavaliers. His crusades of blood are the
stuff of legend amongst their knightly
orders. Many Blood Knights still
regard it as a pilgrimage to seek out the
Crimson Keep, and feast on the blood
of worthy foes at the prince’s side.

Yet Vhordrai is as much a prisoner as
he is a conqueror. During the darkest
days of the Age of Chaos, when
Nagash’s physical form was shattered
by Archaon and the forces of Chaos
overran Shyish, Vhordrai saw an
opportunity to be rid of the Great
Necromancer. In Nagash’s moment of
weakness, the vampire sought to steal
away what remained of his form, and
to hurl that ragged remnant through

THE SOULBLIGHT CURSE

Bearers of the Soulblight Curse are granted eternal life, formidable strength and
unnatural resilience, but these gifts come at a terrible cost. The blighted suffer
from insatiable hunger, and must glut themselves regularly upon fresh blood
lest they lose themselves to their predatory urges and become little more than a
ravening monster. There are all manner of folk stories and old wive’s tales that
tell of a vampire’s
fatal weaknesses, but in truth most of these are apocryphal.
Neither swift-flowing rivers nor scattered seeds of sourwort pose a concern
for vampires, and while they despise bright daylight it does not cause them to
burst into flame. In any case, their preference for glooming darkness can be
satisfied by the summoning of vast swarms of carrion bats to block out the sun.
Ultimately, only the total destruction of a vampire’s physical form can end its
existence. Such a task is easier imagined than achieved.

the corrupted Realmgate of Yulghuan.
His plan was to let the Dark Gods feast on
the essence of Nagash, if they so desired –
this time, there would be no resurrection
for the God of Death. It was Arkhan
the Black, loyal as ever to his deathless
master, who foiled Vhordrai’s plans,
defeating the traitorous vampire’s armies
and entombing him in a coffin made from
Shyishan realmstone. There Vhordrai
languished for an age, denied the taste of
blood but kept from oblivion by the death
magic resonating from his prison. When
the resurgent Nagash finally released
Vhordrai, the vampire was half insane.

This was no act of forgiveness, for such is
anathema to the Great Necromancer. Ever
practical, Nagash sought to punish his
general for his betrayal, but still desired
to make use of his martial talents. Thus,
he worked a spell that bound Vhordrai
to his dread citadel forever. Though
the Crimson Keep could emerge in any
corner of the realms sufficiently saturated
in death magic, its castellan would be
condemned to an agonising final death if
he strayed from its walls for more than a
day. In this way Vhordrai could be kept
on a short leash by Nagash. Vhordrai
rages at his bondage, even as he delights
in bringing ruin and death to the Great
Necromancer’s enemies. He is Nagash’s
armoured fist, a blunt instrument of death
who rides forth with his Blood Knight
retinue to slaughter and terrorise those
who displease the God of Death.


PAGEBREAK
COVEN THRONES

Granted immortality, many vampires
aspire to a certain level of luxury in the
belief that they are superior to all living
things. These undead elite do not wade
through the mud and grime of the
battlefield, or lower themselves to ride
some mindless, stinking beast. Instead,
they are borne by nightmarishly
opulent Coven Thrones. Crafted from
bone and sinew, bound together by the
darkest magic, these ornate carriages
are held aloft by the tormented souls of
the vampires’ victims.

Regal and beautiful, a Vampire Queen
reclines at the rear of the throne, idly
sipping from a goblet of blood while
she surveys the carnage of battle. Her
handmaidens accompany her, each a
creature of dark and beguiling aspect.
They ensnare helpless mortals with
their bewitching gaze, drawing them
close where they can be pulled in
and devoured. Should they catch a
particularly impressive specimen, the
queen will claim the unfortunate soul
for herself, administering the blood kiss
and granting them the Soulblight curse.
This newborn vampire will serve the
Vampire Queen as her paramour and
champion for as long as they continue
to amuse her.

The Vampire Queen’s handmaidens are
not only chosen for their astonishing
beauty, but for their skill at augury and
divination. Each Coven Throne bears
an enchanted bowl filled to the brim
with the blood of innocents. Within
its swirling depths these vampires can
glimpse visions of the future, allowing
their queen to stay a step ahead of her
enemies at all times.

BLOODSEEKER
PALANQUINS

For some Soulblight vampires, the
consumption of blood has become
more than an unnatural imperative; it
is an obsession that dominates every
moment of their existence. These
creatures are known as Sanguinarchs
to their kin, though they also go
by the title of Bloodmother or Red
Widow in some corners of the Mortal
Realms. To them, the pursuit of the
perfect taste is high art. Sanguinarchs
are often more deeply embedded in
mortal society than many of their

kind, commonly posing as wealthy
socialites or aristocratic eccentrics.
The more circumspect of their number
will spend centuries manipulating the
dynastic structure of mortal kingdoms,
arranging marriages and contriving
liaisons between favourite bloodlines
to ensure a piquant blend of flavours
that is aged and refined over the
generations. Others prefer a more
immediate approach, and will take to
the battlefield alongside great hosts of
undead creatures in order to collect and
sample the vitae of rulers, champions
and noble warriors.


PAGEBREAK
Seated upon the macabre luxury
of a Bloodseeker Palanquin, the
Sanguinarch directs her spectral
bearers into the fray, enjoying the
orchestra of screams unleashed by the
banshees bound to her conveyance.
Rivals, victims or thralls rewarded
for their service with an eternity of
torturous bondage, these unquiet
wraiths hate the living almost as much
as they despise their master. As their
spirit-blades slice the enemy apart, the
Sanguinarch catches sprays of blood
in her chalice, judging whether it is
worthy of her refined palette.

The exquisite brew that a Bloodseeker
Palanquin bears to the battlefield is
utterly intoxicating to other Soulblight
vampires, who find their senses
tantalised and their bloodlust rising
to new heights. As the Sanguinarch
watches delightedly, they fall upon the
foe in an orgy of slaughter that stains
the ground a deep crimson.

VAMPIRE

LORDS

Across the Mortal Realms there are
countless kingdoms and baronies ruled
over by cruel Vampire Lords, whose
living citizens exist as mere cattle for
their masters. Few of these tyrants are
able to control their horrific appetites
for long, and so they march to war
often, seeking new lands to subjugate
and fresh victims to drink dry.

These creatures of the night vary greatly
in appearance, often taking on aspects
of the realms that they call home. While
many vampires embrace the trappings
of aristocracy,
living in decadent luxury
as they prey upon mortal-kind, others
see no reason to hide their true nature.

The bestial, tribal chieftains of Ghur
are savage and animalistic, their bodies
covered in coarse hair and their fangs
huge and jagged. By contrast, the ash
vampires of Aqshy’s Parching Wastes
are pale-skinned and skeletally thin,
their eyes pits of black and their claws
as long as knives.

Vampire Lords have no need of living
troops to make up their armies. The
Soulblight curse commonly grants the
afflicted an instinctual affinity with
death magic, and they use this power to
assemble vast hosts of the dead. These
unliving troops not only act as effective
disposable infantry, but also sow an
atavistic terror amongst the foe that the
vampires find invigorating.

Once the enemy is surrounded by
clawing undead, Vampire Lords will
indulge their passion for slaughter and
mayhem. Eternal life has granted these
creatures the opportunity to master
the art of personal combat, and they
number amongst the most formidable
swordmasters in the realms. They will
stride into the thick of battle to slice
apart their prey, driving themselves into
a frenzy as a scarlet rain splatters across
their armour.

Vampire Lords are resilient enough
to endure all but the most horrific
wounds. Even if they are grievously
injured, a draught of blood drained
from an unfortunate mortal’s veins
will repair torn flesh and restore their
murderous vitality in short order. Some
even carry profane Chalices of Blood
into battle, jewelled cups filled with
potent vitae drained from particularly
pious or honourable victims.

Many Vampire Lords, proud of
their noble lineage, go to war upon
nightmarish steeds, accompanied by
a household guard of their ravenous
kin. These dread cavaliers delight in the
sensation of bodies crumpling under
the iron-shod hooves of their steeds,
and savour the screams of their prey as
they run them down.

BLOOD KNIGHTS

Blood Knights are the elite cavalry of
the Vampire Lords, Soulblight-cursed
warriors mounted upon fell steeds,
who bear lances and swords of ornate
design. Chosen from their master’s
favoured get, they are terrifyingly
potent warriors, capable of crushing
entire enemy formations with the
weight of their charge. Each has
trained in the art of cavalry warfare for
centuries, and uses the fearlessness of
their Nightmare mount to smash a path
through the most tightly packed battle
line, revelling in the splatter of blood
as they hack down their prey with
practised ease.

Though Blood Knights often taken
the role of an elite household guard,
there are many questing bands of
these undead cavaliers roaming the
realms in search of glory and honour.
They adhere to a strict warrior code,
believing that only by mastering their
innate bloodlust can they achieve
martial perfection. Nonetheless,
their concept of honour can seem
perverse to their victims. There are
tales of roving bands of these deathless
champions vowing to rid settlements of
the threat of rampaging monsters, only
to demand a tithe of innocent civilians
upon their return.


PAGEBREAK
FELL BATS

Fell Bats are monstrous carrion-beasts
that have feasted upon corrupted
carcasses, causing them to swell to
grotesque proportions and stoking
within them an insatiable hunger
for fresh meat. These are no natural
creatures of the realms – each is large
as a man from nose-tip to tail, and
possesses a pair of muscular,
leathery
wings so strong that the beast can haul
a struggling victim into the sky. A
single bite of a Fell Bat’s oversized fangs
can crunch through flesh and bone in a
fountain of gore.

BAT SWARMS

When Soulbight vampires march
to war, they do so in the shadow of
immense flocks of chittering bats. So
vast are these living clouds that they
cast the battlefield in writhing darkness,
which serves their masters all the
better. Slaved to a vampire’s will, these
swarms attack the foe if so directed – a
few such creatures are no more than
a nuisance, but gathered in sufficient
numbers they can inflict significant
casualties upon massed formations,
swarming over their victims and
sucking their blood dry within minutes.

VARGHEISTS

Vargheists are the darkness in a
Soulblight vampire’s heart made
manifest, the beast inside let loose to
kill and slake its thirst with wanton
abandon. These winged, bat-like
abominations tower above their more
civilised kin, their monstrous forms
rippling with corded muscles strong
enough to tear a man in half, jaws
stuffed with huge yellowed fangs. When
they scent prey, Vargheists will pursue
it with single-minded ferocity. They
swoop down from the skies upon their
terrified victims, tearing and slashing
them apart before lapping up the blood
from their ravaged corpses.

Vargheists are spawned when a vampire
is denied blood for too long – often
as a form of torture at the hands of
ruthless kin – and once they are turned,
there is no reversing the process. Blood
starvation is a common punishment
among vampires, many of whom find
the concept of losing one’s mind to the
monster within entirely repugnant.
However,
there are some who consider
the transformation a form of sacred
ascension. The Avengorii, a Soulblight
dynasty from the Sascathran Dunes
in the Realm of Beasts, honour their
champions with mas’ranga – a ritual in
which the individual willingly submits
to being bound by heavy chains and
are suspended face-down above a pool
of boiling blood. This self-imposed
torment drives their inner beast into a
frenzy, accelerating the transformation
process. Only once the metamorphosis
is complete do they possess the strength
to break free of their shackles, plunging
into the bubbling vitae and quenching
their ravenous thirst in great gulps.


PAGEBREAK
NIGHTHAUNT

SPIRITS

In a flood of roiling ethereal energies, unquiet spirits boil up from the underworlds, seeking to take
out their hatred upon the living. Scythe-wielding horsemen and ghostly war machines advance under
a cloud of shrieking spectres, leaving nothing but the withered corpses of their victims in their wake.

CAIRN WRAITHS

The terrifying spectres known as Cairn
Wraiths were once notorious mass
murderers and executioners. Death
became so familiar to these cold-
hearted killers during their mortal
life that they yearned to continue
their reign of terror in death. Clad in
swirling, shadowy robes and wielding
wicked scythes, they delight in hacking
down mortal warriors and watching the
souls seep from their ruptured bodies.
Any foe that attempts to strike back at
a Cairn Wraith finds to their horror
that their weapon barely makes an
impact against the spirit’s night-black

form. Such brave souls rarely have time
for a second strike before the Wraith’s
glowing scythe whips across to strike
their head from their shoulders.

BANSHEES

Tomb Banshees are the anguished
shades of those who were betrayed or
tormented in life by those closest to
them, and are now driven solely by
the desire for retribution against all
living things. Such is the power of their
sorrow and spite that they are anchored
to the material realm, often dwelling
amidst the ruins of their former homes
and preying upon any mortals foolish

enough to trespass into their domain.
Many wielders of dark magics seek to
recruit these spirits into their undead
armies, for they are deadly opponents
– a Banshee’s soul-rending scream can
freeze the blood of mortal beings in
their veins, killing them instantly.

HEXWRAITHS

Amongst the most feared Nighthaunt
spirits are the fell riders known as
Hexwraiths, ghostly figures that
charge forth from the underworlds in
search of souls to claim. Each of these
creatures was a proud, cruel knight in
life, and they maintain their fearsome


PAGEBREAK
fighting skill in death. A single swipe
of their spectral scythes can cut the
cord between a soul and mortal flesh.
The flickering flames that surround
Hexwraiths are in fact the smouldering
remnants of the souls these spirits have
stolen during their rampages.

The Hexwraiths’
incorporeal nature
grants them protection against
conventional weaponry, and allows
them to hurtle through mountains,
forests and castle walls alike without
slowing. Rising into the air to pursue
the enemy, their cruel laughter echoes
across the battlefield as their terrified
foes attempt to flee in vain.

BLACK COACHES

When a Soulblight vampire is slain, its
physical form may crumble to dust,
burst into flame or collapse into a
mound of wriggling carrion-worms.

For the most powerful of their kind,
even this does not necessarily spell
the creature’s end. Black Coaches are
funerary carriages that bear the tattered
remnants of a vampire’s physical
form, preserved by foul necromantic
ritual. Driven by a Cairn Wraith and
powered by the vampire’s undying will,
each Black Coach seeks out places of
slaughter and battle. There, its dormant
occupant can feed upon the energies
of death, drinking in the aura of agony
and grief and growing stronger with
every passing moment.

The Black Coach will rumble towards
the living with unnatural speed,
crushing them beneath its ironbound
wheels even as the Cairn Wraith slices
its victims apart with a headsman’s
scythe. So thick does the aura of death
about the Black Coach grow that the
unholy carriage becomes a lodestone of

dark magic, swollen with necromantic
energies and all but impossible to stop.

SPIRIT HOSTS

Spirit Hosts are a common sight
amongst armies of the dead, sweeping
above the shambling legions in a
swirling nimbus of soul-stuff. These
are the spirits of the damned, stripped
of body and identity and merged
into roiling clouds of ethereal energy,
within which half-formed faces and
grasping claws can be glimpsed. Spirit
Hosts know nothing but a cold hatred
for the living, for in mortal-kind they
recognise a flicker of all they have lost.
Despite their incorporeal nature, these
entities are deadly in combat – their
spectral weapons rend not flesh, but
the very soul. The merest touch from
such a blade can still a beating heart,
literally frightening the life from the
unfortunate victim.


PAGEBREAK
THE DEATHRATTLE

LEGIONS

The creak and clatter of bones and ancient iron heralds the advance of the Deathrattle legions. Skeletal
warriors bedecked in relic armour march lockstep into the thick of battle, eyes blazing with baleful
light as they dispassionately butcher the foe.

WIGHT KINGS

Scattered across the Mortal Realms
are kingdoms of the grave, barrow-
empires ruled over by ruthless undead
despots. In life, these Wight Kings
were great conquerors and generals
who crushed nations beneath their
iron-shod boots. Their hunger for war
remains undiminished in death, and so
they march at the head of vast skeletal
armies, vanquishing all in their path.
The living are either subjugated and
enslaved, or slaughtered outright before
being raised by the Wight King’s fell
powers to join his army of conquest.

Many mortal kings and emperors have
made the mistake of assuming that the
undead hosts assailing their realms are
simply a mindless, swarming mass. In
fact, under the command of a Wight
King, Deathrattle legions are capable
of precise and subtle manoeuvres
that rival those of living armies. The
sprawling phalanxes brought forth
by these deathless tyrants obey their
master’s will unquestioningly and
exactingly. With feints, counter-
assaults and flanking attacks, the Wight
King will out-think and outfight its
naive mortal enemies, stamping the
life from their lands with grim and
relentless inevitability.

Wight Kings are not only great generals
and tacticians, but also formidable
warriors. They possess an unnatural

resilience, for their antiquated armour
has been blessed by dark magic, and
their yellowed bones are as tough as
cold iron. Centuries of warfare have
forged them into masterful duellists,
and they move with astonishing speed
for beings so ancient. They wield relic
weapons that bear vorpal curses, dread
blades that seek to strike the heads from
their victims.

Wight Kings are fiercely proud and
independent, and loath to bend the
knee to any master – save, of course,
for Nagash, whose domination can
not be contested. Many vampires and
Necromancers have arrogantly sought
to bind these undead rulers to their
will, only to discover to their horror
that even their dark magic holds no
sway over the Wight King’s fearsome
will. Such beings are sentenced to
particularly cruel punishments for
their arrogance.

Wiser heads seek to forge alliances
with the Deathrattle monarchs based
on the assurance of new lands for
them to conquer, and the gift of fallen
warriors with which they can bolster
their skeletal armies. The Wight
King Cortek has long served Queen
Neferata, Mortarch of Blood, for
under her guidance his domain has
increased tenfold, and his ranks have
swollen greatly with the risen corpses
of her victims.

BLACK KNIGHTS

Black Knights were once noble scions,
peerless cavaliers who galloped at the
head of vast conquering armies. Now
they are lifeless martial champions
who ride and kill in service to their
Wight King. They fight from the back
of skeletal war steeds, charging into the
enemy ranks with bone-cracking force,
impaling their foes with expert thrusts
of their long lances, or crushing them
beneath the grinding hooves of their
deathless mounts.

GRAVE GUARD

The Grave Guard are the elite infantry
of the Deathrattle empires. Clad in
ancient, pitted armour and wielding
blades cursed by the darkest sorceries,
they sweep through their foes like a
freezing gale, cutting the enemy down
with a ruthless precision honed by
countless centuries of warfare.

Long ago, the Grave Guard were
entombed alongside their lord. Grim
rites were enacted over their corpses
and battle-worn accoutrements to
ensure that these warriors would
continue to serve their master
faithfully even in death. Their armour
was blessed with fell enchantments,
allowing the iron to turn aside wicked
blows even as it grew rusted and
worn through the ravages of time.
Their weapons were woven with spells
of darkness and despair, saturated


PAGEBREAK
The incantations that bring a skeleton
to life may remain the same across the
Mortal Realms, but the appearance of
the risen dead can differ dramatically.
Skeletons raised from the gloomy
copses of Ghyran are often riddled
with corpse-fungi and creeper vines,
which writhe obscenely between their
mouldering bones. Necromancers
native to Chamon often gild their
undead servants with precious metals

and gems. Those of Aqshy are fond
of wreathing their minions in ever-
burning flames, enjoying the terrified
screams as ranks of blazing skeletal
warriors charge into the enemy,
enveloping their victims in a crushing,
burning embrace.

with malignant magic. In battle,
each strike of these cursed blades
severs the thread between soul and
mortal flesh, dropping the lifeless
body of their victim to the floor and
dispatching their immortal spirit to
the underworlds.

SKELETON WARRIORS

The skeletal populace of the Deathrattle
kingdoms go to war at their king’s
command, arming themselves with
pockmarked spears and blades, before
mustering in perfect order beneath
their deathless master’s banners. Such a
host is a truly chilling sight to witness;
endless ranks of fleshless, grinning
warriors, advancing in chilling
synchronicity and utter silence to
slaughter the living. There is no respite
against this onslaught. Completely
lacking pity or remorse, skeletal
warriors will continue to kill until
ordered to cease, hacking and stabbing
tirelessly at their foes with no thought
to their own protection.

In a grim mockery of mortal society,
skeletons make up the majority of
slaves and workers in the Realm of
Death, and in shadowy kingdoms
across the Mortal Realms. They have
no need of rest, nor food or water, and
thus may be worked until their very
bones crumble and collapse. When
their masters are not at war, they
strip forests of wood, forge armour
and weapons, and build great tomb-
complexes and palaces in honour
of their rulers. It is only when the
haunting wail of battle-horns sounds
that they abandon their civilian tools
and take up corroded weapons, ready
to fight for their liege.


PAGEBREAK
DEATHMAGES

AND DEADWALKERS

Many wizards turn to the necromantic arts in search of power, sacrificing their mortal soul in
exchange for mastery of deathly magic. These vile sorcerers call forth rotting corpses and the putrid
remnants of carrion-beasts from the grave, turning them upon the living with sadistic delight.

NECROMANCERS

There are many reasons why a mortal
might become entranced by the study
of necromancy. Many savour the
prospect of revenge, of raising vast
armies of the dead to bring ruin down
upon those who slighted them. Others
seek immortality. For some, their

reasons were noble, and they sought
only to restore life to beloved family
members. Whatever their intentions, all
are eventually corrupted by the twisted
powers they call to hand. Each fresh
horror they witness numbs them to the
atrocities they are committing in the
pursuit of their obsession.

Soon, they come to hold nothing but
contempt for the living, seeing them
as little more than specimens for their
vile experiments. Whatever humanity
they once possessed withers and dies,
replaced by burning ambition and
an unquenchable thirst for forbidden
knowledge. Suffused with deathly
magic, these creatures live far beyond
their years, their skin growing pale and
cold as a corpse, their hair thinning and
their teeth yellowing. Eventually their
withered heart ceases to beat, and they
themselves become something neither
alive nor truly dead, a sadistic monster
that feeds upon suffering and loss.

In exchange for this erosion of their
mortal soul, Necromancers are granted
fearsome arcane power. They can
animate dozens of corpses with a
simple utterance, blast foes with lances
of necrotic energy, and summon shields
of bone to protect themselves from
missiles. Enemies attempting to get
close enough to strike a Necromancer
are dragged down and torn apart by his
undead minions. Slain foes swiftly rise
again, eyes gleaming with witch-light,
and fall upon their former comrades.

MORTIS

ENGINES

The bodies of truly ancient
Necromancers are so saturated with
forbidden power that they radiate
a potent aura of death magic. The
remnants of these feared liche-lords


PAGEBREAK
are often entombed within reliquaries
known as Mortis Engines. Crafted
from fused bone and sinew, these
horrifying necro-arcane devices are
powered by the baleful emanations
unleashed by their host, and soar across
the battlefield upon a roiling tide of
spirits, the hateful souls of those that
the Necromancer has bound to his
eternal service. These wrathful spirits
are watched over by a Corpsemaster,
a deathless attendant immune to the
withering death energies that pulse
from the reliquary.

CORPSE CARTS

Armies of the dead are often
accompanied to battle by the vile
abominations known as Corpse Carts.
These rickety wagons are stuffed with
a groaning, shifting pile of carrion,
and drawn by impaled corpses.
At the rear is mounted an Unholy
Lodestone, a profane relic saturated
with necromantic energy. These carts
are driven by withered creatures known
as Corpsemasters, whose task it is to
direct their foul conveyance to weak
points in the undead line, where the
foul energies holding rotten flesh and
bone together have begun to dwindle.
Some Corpse Carts are lit by braziers
that burn with infernal flame. The
smoke from these balefires contains
particles of corrupted realmstone that
sear the minds of enemy wizards,
causing agony and temporary insanity.

ZOMBIES

Zombies are mindless, shambling
corpses, given motion by the power of
death magic. Raised from among the
recently deceased, they are unsettling
foes indeed, for they reek of the grave

and still bear a harrowing semblance
to their living selves. Though they are
clumsy and slow, possessing only the
strength of their former mortal being,
they are utterly tireless and immune to
fear. If so ordered, a Zombie will pound
upon a fortress gate until its bones
shatter and its flesh tears, or march
unflinchingly through a wall of searing
flame. They will drown their foes with
sheer weight of numbers, clawing and
tearing at eyes, and sinking their rotten
teeth into throats. Worse still, every
living being butchered by a Zombie can
then be brought back to life in turn,
joining the ranks of the undead.

DIRE WOLVES

It is not only the rotting carcasses of
the mortal races that can be raised by
the power of death magic. Beasts of the
wild, too, make deadly servants. Dire
Wolves are raised from the remains of
slaughtered pack hunters, and retain
their powerful sense of smell and bone-
crushing bite. Undeath also grants
them endless reserves of stamina.
Soulblight vampires have a particular
fondness for raising these ravenous
creatures, and often take part in
macabre hunting trips alongside their
undead hounds, with terrified mortals
taking the place of fleeing game.


PAGEBREAK
BEASTS OF THE GRAVE

Hulking monsters cast their shadows across the Mortal Realms, razor-fanged beasts whose desiccated
flesh carries the sickening stench of the grave. Animated and empowered by dark sorcery, these
deathless behemoths possess the strength to tear an ogor in two with a single motion.

TERRORGHEISTS

In aeons past, gigantic chiropterans
soared in the skies above the Mortal
Realms upon sail-like, membranous
wings, leeching the lifeblood of colossal
grazer-beasts and other megafauna.
The cadaverous abominations known
as Terrorgheists are all that remains of
these once-mighty beasts. Now they
are creatures of death, compelled to
waken from their eternal slumber by
necromantic magic and driven by a
voracious hunger they can never sate.

The sword-length claws and massive
jaws of a Terrorgheist are formidable
weapons, but it is the creature’s
heart-stopping scream that makes
it truly feared. As it drops out of the
sky towards its prey, the Terrorgheist
unleashes its killing shriek. Many of
those who hear this dire sound are slain
on the spot as their skulls come apart
under the agonising pressure. Those
few that survive are left reeling and
near deaf, helpless as the Terrorgheist
carves them apart.

Should a Terrorgheist be brought low
by blade or spell, its body will burst
as the dark energies holding its form
together are violently discharged in
a torrent of foetid juices and jagged
shards of bone. The victory cries of
the beast’s slayers swiftly turn into
terrified screams, however,
for the
flock of carrion-bats living parasitically
within the Terrorgheist’s
cavernous
ribcage will burst from its carcass in a
chittering cloud, eagerly seeking a feast
of fresh blood.


PAGEBREAK
ZOMBIE DRAGONS

Existing in every aspect and variety
depending on their environment,
dragons are amongst the most majestic
and fearsome creatures in the realms,
able to decimate entire formations of
warriors with a single gout of fiery
breath. Though these legendary beasts
are remarkably long-lived, they are not
immortal. Scattered across the realms
are solemn, secluded boneyards where
dragons go to die, and to rest eternally
amongst their kin.

Such sites are of particular interest to
Necromancers and Vampire Lords, who
covet the power and prestige of these
draconic beasts. By weaving rituals of
debasement and sacrifice, powerful
wielders of necromantic magic can

raise the mouldering corpses of
dragons, investing them with unnatural
strength and tireless ferocity. Zombie
Dragons possess no sentience of their
own; they are held together only by the
will of their master. Should its creator
be slain, the magic providing the beast’s
unholy animus will dissipate, and its
immense corpse will slump to the
ground, inert.

Though their wings may be tattered
and rotting, and their flesh ridden with
corpse-worms, Zombie Dragons are
no less deadly in undeath than they
were in life. Blades and arrows deflect
harmlessly from their coarse hides and
sturdy bones. Their claws and huge
fangs can puncture the thickest metal
armour with ease, and the sheer force

of their impact from on high can crush
whole regiments into bloody paste.
Worse still, even the dragon’s flaming
breath has not escaped corruption
in undeath, and now manifests as a
pestilential gale that transforms the
living into withered husks.

Many Vampire Lords consider
Zombie Dragons to be the only
mounts befitting their regal status. The
combined might of Soulblight rider and
undead monstrosity is enough to break
the back of almost any army. As the
Zombie Dragon descends to the earth
with a ground-shaking impact, scores
of warriors are flung through the air,
broken and scattered, even as its fanged
rider lops limbs and heads with both
ancient skill and horrifying savagery.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
ARMIES OF THE DEAD


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The Great Necromancer Nagash summons his undying legions from their slumber. Grasping rust-tipped blades and
battered shields, these warriors of tomb and barrow march forth to slay in the name of their eternal master.


PAGEBREAK
Borne in majesty upon her Bloodseeker Palanquin, the Sanguinarch known as Vinhela the Ever-Thirsting leads a
relentless assault against the Daemonettes of Slaanesh that have invaded the Shyish Innerlands.


PAGEBREAK
A Terrorgheist unleashes its heart-stopping death shriek as it crawls from the ruins of ancient Penultima.

Arkhan the Black, first of the Mortarchs, feasts upon the souls of the living to fuel his immortal power.


PAGEBREAK
The fearsome Prince Vhordrai, Lord of the Crimson Keep, ventures forth from his gloom-shrouded lair alongside a
Bloodseeker Palanquin, seeking the finest draughts of mortal blood for his feast tables.

A Vampire Lord mounted upon a Zombie Dragon leads a retinue of loyal Blood Knights in a quest for fresh blood.


PAGEBREAK
Vargheists are hulking, leather-winged beasts that rip and tear their prey apart in an animalistic frenzy.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Accompanied by a flight of winged terrors, Mannfred von Carstein descends upon an ancient mausoleum. At the
Mortarch’s command, long-dead warriors stir from their centuries-long rest to swell the ranks of his Legion of Night.


PAGEBREAK
Nagash is clad in Morikhane, the
Black Armour, and bears Alakanash,
the Staff of Power.

Zefet-nebtar, the Mortis Blade, is
sheathed here in its grisly scabbard.

The Nine Books of Nagash are a
matchless source of necromantic lore.

Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead


PAGEBREAK
Ashigaroth’s
form is crammed with
the skulls of the meek.

Spiteful revenant spirits swirl around Mannfred’s mount,
lashing out at the living with spectral blades.

Mannfred von Carstein, Mortarch of Night


PAGEBREAK
The dread abyssal Razarak is hungry
for the souls of traitors.

Arkhan’s dark ly ornate armour is an
echo of his master’s own.

Arkhan the Black, Mortarch of Sacrament

Morghast Archai


PAGEBREAK
The Mortarch of Blood’s dark majesty
is accentuated by her opulent robes.

Neferata’s morbidly extravagant
headdress is an ostentatious symbol
of her royal status.

Neferata, Mortarch of Blood

Morghasts swoop into
battle on tattered wings.

The ebon-wrought armour
of the Morghast Archai

Morghast Harbinger


PAGEBREAK
THE TWILIGHT SCOURGE

The Twilight Scourge is among the most feared of Mannfred von Carstein’s armies of terror. At his
command it has cut a swathe of torment across the Mortal Realms, leaving only darkness, ruin and the
flayed corpses of countless victims in its passing.

Mannfred von Carstein himself often
leads the Twilight Scourge into battle,
mounted upon his dread abyssal
Ashigaroth and accompanied by a
retinue of Morghasts – fearsome
killers in thrall to Nagash, who rarely

leave von Carstein’s
side. As battle
approaches, the skeletal ranks of the
Coldshield March arrange themselves
into a grinding phalanx bristling with
rust-tipped spears, relentlessly driving
the foe before them. At the head of this

host strides the ambitious and cruel
Wight King Vorklain, accompanied
by his elite guard of Black Knights and
Grave Guard. At his side marches the
wizened Necromancer Korsk and his
Corpse Cart – a locus of necromancy


PAGEBREAK
which lends awful strength to his
magic. A Mortis Engine further
shrouds the battlefield in a chilling
aura of death. While the legions of the
Coldshield pin the enemy formation in
place, fell beasts fall from the sky to tear
at its flanks. The Terrorgheist known
as Old Daggertooth crushes scores of
warriors beneath its rotting bulk, while
flights of Vargheists bound into battle.
These frenzied creatures are held in
check by the will of the Vampire Lord
Culchir, Master of the Bloodhunt.

1.
2.

13.

Mannfred von Carstein
Vampire Lord
3. Wight King
Mortis Engine
Corpse Cart
Necromancer
Morghast Archai
Morghast Harbingers
Grave Guard
Black Knights
Skeleton Warriors
12. Vargheists
Terrorgheist

4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR LEGION

A fully assembled and painted Legions of Nagash collection is a vision of macabre splendour, blending
darkly gothic iconography with gruesome, flesh-and-bone horror. In the following pages you will find
a painting guide and several essential techniques for bringing your undead army to life.

For many, one of the most enjoyable
aspects of the Warhammer hobby is
painting their models. Whether you
choose to collect one of the armies
presented in this book, or invent a
colour scheme of your own, the tips
on these pages will help you paint your
collection to a standard worthy of the
Great Necromancer.

ZOMBIE

FLESH

BONE

1

2

3

4

Undercoat with Corax White Spray,
then wash with Seraphim Sepia. Layer the
raised areas with Ushabti Bone, and finish with a drybrush of Pallid Wych Flesh.

1

2

3

4

To begin, spray the model
with an undercoat of
Corax White.

RUSTED BLADES

Next, apply an all-over wash
of Athonian Camoshade.

Layer with Rakarth Flesh,
avoiding the recesses where
the shade has gathered.

Finally, apply an edge
highlight of Pallid
Wych Flesh.

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Leadbelcher.

Follow with an all-over wash
of Agrax Earthshade.

Next, stipple on patches of
Ryza Rust.

Finally, edge highlight with
Stormhost Silver.


PAGEBREAK
LEGION OF BLOOD BANNER

1

2

3

Basecoat with Khorne Red, shade the
folds with Nuln Oil, and then highlight
the raised areas with Evil Sunz Scarlet.

Next, carefully apply two thin lines of
Ushabti Bone using an S Layer Brush.

Using the same method, add several
more thin, curved lines to form a
ribcage shape.

4

5

6

Using the existing lines as a guide, fill
out the shape with Ushabti Bone.

Apply Khorne Red to the indicated
areas, cutting into the symbol to
sharpen its edges and give it depth.

Finally, highlight the edges of the
symbol and paint circles into its holes
with Pallid Wych Flesh.

BRASS VERDIGRIS

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the metal sections
with Brass Scorpion.

Wash all over with Agrax
Earthshade.

Apply an edge highlight of
Stormhost Silver.

Finish by applying Nihilakh
Oxide to the recesses.

DIRE WOLF

Flesh: Basecoat with Baneblade Brown,
shade with Athonian Camoshade, then
highlight with more Baneblade Brown.

Fur : Basecoat with Abaddon Black,
then drybush with Skavenblight Dinge
followed by Administratum Grey.

Muscle: Basecoat with Bugman’s Glow,
and then apply an all-over layer of
Blood for the Blood God.


PAGEBREAK
VAMPIRE

FACE

1

2

3

4

Begin by undercoating
the head with Corax
White Spray.

Apply an all-over wash of
Reikland Fleshshade.

Layer with Pallid Wych
Flesh, avoiding areas where
the shade has gathered.

Apply an edge highlight
of White Scar to the most
prominent details.

5

6

7

8

Fill in the eyes and mouth
with Rhinox Hide.

Carefully pick out the eyes
and teeth with White Scar.

Add dots to the eyes with
Abaddon Black.

To finish, smear the
vampire’s mouth with Blood
for the Blood God.

BALEFIRE

1

2

3

4

Over a Corax White
undercoat, add an all-over
wash of Biel-Tan Green.

When the wash has
dried, glaze the area with
Lamenters Yellow.

Next, add a layer of Ulthuan
Grey to the skulls and raised
areas of flame.

Finish with an edge
highlight of White Scar.

PETRIFIED BONE

1

2

3

4

Start with a basecoat of
Gorthor Brown.

Next, apply an all-over wash
of Agrax Earthshade.

Add an edge highlight of
Baneblade Brown.

Finish with another, thinner
highlight of Karak Stone.


PAGEBREAK
2

5

SPIRITS

1

4

SPECIAL

EFFECTS

3

Over a Corax White undercoat (1),
apply an even blend of Waywatcher
Green and Lahmian Medium (2). Apply
a wash of Biel-Tan Green into the
recesses (3). Drybrush with Ulthuan
Grey (4), and finish with a highlight of
White Scar (5).

Liberally apply Blood for
the Blood God to create the
effect of dripping gore.

Typhus Corrosion is a great
technical paint for adding
patches of grime and dirt.

Create scratches and tears
with the same paint colour
used to highlight the area.

Carefully dab fabric areas
with Agrax Earthshade to
give a dirty, stained look.

MORGHAST BLADES

1

2

3

4

Begin by applying a basecoat
of Abaddon Black.

Edge highlight with Kabalite
Green. Add a thin line down
the centre of the blade.

Add a finer edge highlight of
Sybarite Green, tracing the
same lines.

Finish by adding several
small dots of Ulthuan Grey.


PAGEBREAK
DEATH
ASCENDANT


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF DEATH

On the following pages you will find rules and abilities for your Legions of Nagash army. These include
powerful allegiance abilities and items, exciting battleplans, and warscrolls and battalions that
describe the relentless cohorts of Nagash’s undead legions in games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

ALLEGIANCE

When you choose your army, you
can also choose an allegiance for it. If
you do so, you can use the allegiance
abilities that correspond to the
allegiance you have chosen.

If an army could have more than one
allegiance, you must pick one to apply
to it during the game. The allegiance
you choose will apply for the duration
of the battle, even if you add new units
to the army during the battle that have
a different allegiance.

GRAND ALLIANCES

An army can have allegiance to a Grand
Alliance if all the units in the army are

part of that Grand Alliance (including
any units that you assign a keyword to
during set-up). On pages 74-75 you will
find a set of allegiance abilities you may
use if all units in your army have the
DEATH allegiance.

FACTIONS

An army can have allegiance to a
faction instead of a Grand Alliance if all
the units in the army have the keyword
for that faction, including any units
that you assign a keyword to during
set-up. For example, if all of the units
in an army have the SOULBLIGHT
keyword, then the army can have
allegiance to the SOULBLIGHT faction
instead of the Death Grand Alliance.

Similarly,
if all the units in an army
have the LEGION OF NIGHT keyword,
then the army can have allegiance to
the LEGION OF NIGHT faction instead.

LEGIONS OF NAGASH

When you are choosing your army,
you may decide it is taken from one
of the Legions of Nagash. If you do,
choose one of the following faction
keywords. All units and warscroll
battalions in your army selected from
this battletome gain that keyword.

• GRAND HOST OF NAGASH
• LEGION OF SACRAMENT
• LEGION OF BLOOD
• LEGION OF NIGHT


PAGEBREAK
Battle Traits: An army united in
undeath and marching beneath the
same ragged banner receives powerful
boons. See pages 62-69 for the battle
traits available to armies taken from
one of the Legions of Nagash.

Command Traits: Undead armies

are an extension of their undying
master’s indomitable will, obeying
their commands unquestioningly.
Each of the allegiances detailed in this
battletome has a selection of command
traits available to its generals.

Artefacts of Power: Each legion holds

a vast repository of fell magical items
to aid in the domination of the living.
Each allegiance has a selection of
artefacts available to its HEROES .

NAMED CHARACTERS

Beings such as Nagash or Mannfred
von Carstein are singular and mighty
warriors, with their own unique

personalities and approaches to war.
They may not be given any additional
command traits or artefacts of power.

MOUNTS

Some heroes have a mount, such as a
battle steed, a powerful monster that
they can ride, or a massive war machine
that they can stand upon. In all such
cases, any command traits or magical
artefacts can only be used to affect
attacks made by the hero, and have no
effect on attacks made by their mount
unless specifically stated otherwise.

BATTLEPLANS

The Legions of Nagash have their own
unique methods and tactics in war,
often taking advantage of enemies
unprepared for the horror of facing
such relentless fighters. The battleplans
on pages 76-79 allow you to conduct
your army in the same manner as the
famed generals of undeath.

PATH TO GLORY

On pages 80-84 you will find rules
for playing a Path to Glory campaign.
These enable you to field your Legions
of Nagash miniatures as a formidable
warband, and fight an immersive
campaign in which your forces grow
stronger with each victory. Included are
warband tables to help you collect your
army, as well as rewards tables for your
champion and their followers.

WARSCROLL
BATTALIONS

This section describes formations made
up of several units that combine their
strengths to gain powerful new abilities.

WARSCROLLS

This section describes the
characteristics and abilities of the
individual Legions of Nagash models
and units.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

GRAND HOST OF NAGASH

This section describes the allegiance abilities available to an army taken from the Grand Host of
Nagash, including battle traits, command traits and artefacts of power.

UNITS

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES: GRAND
HOST OF NAGASH

COMMAND TRAITS

A GRAND HOST OF NAGASH army

may include any of the units in this
battletome. If Nagash is included, he
must be the army’s general.

Command Trait

D6
1

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a GRAND HOST OF NAGASH

army includes any HEROES , then
one may bear an Artefact of Nagash.
Declare which hero has the artefact
after picking your general, and then
pick which artefact the hero has.
Alternatively, roll a dice on the table
opposite to randomly generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an Artefact of Nagash for each
warscroll battalion in your army. The
same model cannot have more than
one Artefact of Nagash.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a GRAND HOST OF
NAGASH army is a HERO , they can
have one of the command traits from
the table on the right. You can either
pick the trait or roll a dice to randomly
determine it. If, for any reason, you
must select a new general during a
battle, immediately generate a trait
for them.

MAGIC

All WIZARDS in a GRAND HOST OF

NAGASH army know an additional
spell from one of the Lores of the Dead
(pg 70-71). If Nagash is included in the
army, he instead knows an additional 3
spells from the Lores of the Dead.

Master of Death: Re-roll results of 1 (i.e. rolls of 1-2 on a D3) for friendly
units affected by a Deathly Invocation ability that are within 12" of
this general.
Chosen Champion: Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of melee weapons
used by this general for attacks made against enemy HEROES .
Bane of the Living: Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this general for attacks
made against enemy units that do not have the DEATH keyword.
Aura of Ages: At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice for each enemy
unit within 3" of this general. On a 4+ subtract 1 from hit rolls made for
that unit until the end of the combat phase.
Ancient Strategist: Re-roll failed charge rolls for friendly DEATHRATTLE
and MORGHAST units that are within 9" of this general.
Lord of Nagashizzar : Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
melee weapons used by friendly DEATHRATTLE units that are within 6"
of this general.

2

3

4

5

6

BATTLE

TRAITS

The Unquiet Dead: After territories
have been determined, but before any
units have been set up, you may pick
up to 2 points in your territory and up
to 2 points anywhere on the battlefield
to be gravesites. You may wish to
place suitable markers on these points.
Instead of setting up a SUMMONABLE
unit on the battlefield, you can place it
to one side and say that it is set up in
the grave. You can do this with as many
units as you wish.

At the end of your movement phase,
for each DEATH HERO within 9" of a
gravesite, you may pick a single unit in
the grave and set it up wholly within 9"

of that gravesite and more than 9" from
any enemy models. Any model that is
unable to be set up in this way is slain.
If a unit is still in the grave at the end of
the battle, it is considered to be slain.

Gravesites have the following ability :

Invigorating Aura: At the start of

your hero phase, pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit within 9" of
this gravesite. You can either heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to it
or, if no wounds are currently allocated
to the unit, you may return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined
Wounds characteristic equal to or less
than the roll of a D3.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ARTEFACTS OF NAGASH

D6
1

Artefact

Deathforged Chain: This spectral chain winds and
twists through torn flesh and shattered bone, knitting
the bearer’s ruined form back together and allowing
them to fight through catastrophic wounds.

At the start of your hero phase, the bearer heals 1
wound that has been allocated to it.

2

Balefire Lantern: This lantern burns with a sickly
purple light, and discharges a noxious smoke which
sears the minds of those who stray too close.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for enemy units within
6" of the bearer. In addition, re-roll successful casting
rolls for enemy WIZARDS within 6" of the bearer.

3

Grave-sand Timeglass: This unassuming memento

mori contains the very sands of time, the captured
span of a mortal life. With but a motion the bearer can
cause their victim to age centuries in mere moments,
eventually turning them to dust and ashes.

Whilst
the bearer is on the battlefield, once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can pick an enemy HERO
on the battlefield. The enemy hero suffers D3 mortal
wounds. At the start of each of your subsequent hero
phases, roll a dice. On a 4+ the enemy hero suffers 1
mortal wound.

4

5

6

Ossific Diadem: This crown of blackened bone was
crafted from the remains of an ancient Necromancer,
and carries a fraction of that being’s unholy power.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATHRATTLE model within
12" of the bearer. On a 6+ the wound is negated.

Amethyst Shard: This sliver of crystallised death
magic radiates an aura of such horrific potency that it
turns living flesh to dust.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can declare
that the bearer will merge the shard with one of
their melee weapons. Pick one of the bearer’s melee
weapons. Until your next hero phase, add 1 to hit and
wound rolls made for that weapon.

Terrorgheist Mantle: This ragged cloak is crafted
from the hide of an undead chiropteran and imbued
with death magic, allowing the wearer to call upon the
creature’s
lethal sonic screech.

In your shooting phase, you can declare that the
bearer will unleash a death shriek. Pick an enemy unit
within 10" of the bearer and roll 2 dice. If the total is
higher than the enemy unit’s Bravery characteristic,
it suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to
the difference.

Deathless Minions: Roll a dice each

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATH unit
within 6" of your general or another
friendly DEATH HERO . On a 6+ the
wound is negated.

Chosen Guardians: Add 1 to the

Attacks characteristic of all melee
weapons used by GRAND HOST OF

NAGASH MORGHAST units.

Legions Innumerable: In your hero

phase, you may roll a dice for each

friendly GRAND HOST OF NAGASH

SUMMONABLE unit on the battlefield.
On a 5+ you can heal up to D3 wounds
that have been allocated to it. For
units with a Wounds characteristic
of 1, return 1 slain model to the unit
for each wound that would have
been healed.

COMMAND ABILITY

The general of a GRAND HOST OF
NAGASH army has the following
additional command ability :

Endless Legions: If your general uses
this ability, choose a gravesite within
9" of them. You may pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit that has been
destroyed and set it up again wholly
within 9" of that gravesite and more
than 9" from any enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

LEGION OF SACRAMENT

This section describes the allegiance abilities available to an army taken from Arkhan the Black’s
Legion of Sacrament, including battle traits, command traits and artefacts of power.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:
OF SACRAMENT

LEGION

UNITS

A LEGION OF SACRAMENT army

may include any of the units in this
battletome, apart from Nagash. If it
includes any MORTARCHS , then it
must include Arkhan the Black, and he
must be the army’s general.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a LEGION OF SACRAMENT army

includes any HEROES , then one
may bear an Artefact of Sacrament.
Declare which hero has the artefact
after picking your general, and then
pick which artefact the hero has.
Alternatively, roll a dice on the table
opposite to randomly generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an Artefact of Sacrament for
each warscroll battalion in your army.
The same model cannot have more
than one Artefact of Sacrament.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a LEGION OF

SACRAMENT army is a HERO , they

can have one of the command traits
from the table on the right. You can
either pick the trait or roll a dice to
randomly determine it. If, for any
reason, you must select a new general
during a battle, immediately generate a
trait for them.

MAGIC

All WIZARDS in a LEGION OF

SACRAMENT army know an additional
spell from one of the Lores of the Dead
(pg 70-71).

COMMAND TRAITS

D6
1

2

3

4

5

6

Command Trait

Emissary of the Master : You can re-roll failed charge rolls for friendly
DEATH units that are within 6" of this general at the start of the
charge phase.
Mark of the Favoured: Each time this general is selected as the target
of an attack in the combat phase, roll a dice. On a 6+ the attacking unit
suffers a mortal wound.
Dark Acolyte: This general is a WIZARD that knows the Arcane Bolt
and Mystic Shield spells, as well as a single spell from one of the Lores
of the Dead. If this general is already a WIZARD, they may generate an
additional spell from one of the Lores of the Dead.
Mastery of Death: At the start of your hero phase, all friendly DEATH
units within 6" of this general may immediately make a move of up to 3"
as if it were your movement phase. They may not run as part of this move.
Peerless Commander : This general may summon a unit from a gravesite
(see below) whilst they are within 12" rather than 9".
Bound to the Master : This general may use Arkhan the Black’s First of
the Mortarchs command ability (pg 97).

BATTLE

TRAITS

The Unquiet Dead: After territories
have been determined, but before any
units have been set up, you may pick
up to 2 points in your territory and up
to 2 points anywhere on the battlefield
to be gravesites. You may wish to
place suitable markers on these points.
Instead of setting up a SUMMONABLE
unit on the battlefield, you can place it
to one side and say that it is set up in
the grave. You can do this with as many
units as you wish.

At the end of your movement phase,
for each DEATH HERO within 9" of a
gravesite, you may pick a single unit in
the grave and set it up wholly within 9"

of that gravesite and more than 9" from
any enemy models. Any model that is
unable to be set up in this way is slain.
If a unit is still in the grave at the end of
the battle, it is considered to be slain.

Gravesites have the following ability :

Invigorating Aura: At the start of

your hero phase, pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit within 9" of
this gravesite. You can either heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to it
or, if no wounds are currently allocated
to the unit, you may return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined
Wounds characteristic equal to or less
than the roll of a D3.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ARTEFACTS OF SACRAMENT

D6
1

Artefact

Spiritcage: This lantern burns with sickly green
balefire. It captures the spirit energy of the slain, and
channels it to empower nearby undead.

4

Wristbands of Black Gold: These ornately crafted

wristguards act as negative lodestones, deflecting
incoming arrows, bullets and even cannonballs.

Whenever an enemy HERO is slain within 6" of the
bearer, add 1 to wound rolls for friendly DEATH units
within 12" of the bearer until the end of the turn.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer in the shooting phase. On a 4+
the wound is negated.

2

Shroud of Darkness: Woven from strands of pure
night, this shadowy mantle renders its bearer all
but invisible.

Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of attacks that target
the bearer in the shooting phase if the attacking unit
is within 8" of the bearer. Subtract 2 from the hit
rolls of attacks that target the bearer in the shooting
phase if the attacking unit is more than 8" away from
the bearer.

3

Asylumaticae: This casket contains the tortured
spirits of insane murderers. Once opened, their
directionless fury is unleashed upon the living.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can declare
that the bearer will open the Asylumaticae. If you
do so, roll a dice. On a 1 the bearer suffers a mortal
wound. On a 2+ each enemy unit within 12" of the
bearer suffers 1 mortal wound.

5

6

Azyrbane Standard: This banner is woven from the
skin of a Sigmarite battle wizard, and deconsecrated
with the blood of the God-King’s faithful.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for enemy units within
6" of the bearer. In addition, re-roll successful casting
rolls for ORDER WIZARDS within 6" of the bearer.

Black Gem: When this obsidian crystal is shattered,
it
unleashes a raging spectral cyclone that snuffs out the
life force of those who feel its chill bite.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can declare
that the bearer will shatter the Black Gem. Pick a point
on the battlefield within 8" of the bearer. Roll a dice for
each unit within 3" of this point. On a 6+, one model
from that unit is slain. If the unit has any models with
wounds allocated to it, then that model must be the
model that is slain.

Deathless Minions: Roll a dice each

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATH unit
within 6" of your general or another
friendly DEATH HERO . On a 6+ the
wound is negated.

The Master’s Teachings: Whenever

an enemy unit is destroyed, before
removing the last model, you may
pick one of your gravesites within 6"
of that model. Roll a dice, then remove
the model. On a 4+, you may pick a

friendly SUMMONABLE unit that has
been destroyed and set it up again
wholly within 9" of that gravesite and
more than 9" from any enemy models.

The Black Disciples: Friendly LEGION

OF SACRAMENT WIZARDS may add

1 to casting rolls.

COMMAND ABILITY

The general of a LEGION OF
SACRAMENT army has the following
additional command ability :

Endless Legions: If your general uses
this ability, choose a gravesite within
9" of them. You may pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit that has been
destroyed and set it up again wholly
within 9" of that gravesite and more
than 9" from any enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

LEGION OF BLOOD

This section describes the allegiance abilities available to an army taken from Neferata’s Legion of
Blood, including battle traits, command traits and artefacts of power.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:
LEGION OF BLOOD

UNITS

COMMAND TRAITS

A LEGION OF BLOOD army may

include any of the units in this
battletome, apart from Nagash. If it
includes any MORTARCHS , then it
must include Neferata, and she must be
the army’s general.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a LEGION OF BLOOD army includes
any HEROES , then one may bear an
Artefact of Blood. Declare which hero
has the artefact after picking your
general, and then pick which artefact
the hero has. Alternatively, roll a dice
on the table opposite to randomly
generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an Artefact of Blood for each
warscroll battalion in your army. The
same model cannot have more than
one Artefact of Blood.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a LEGION OF BLOOD
army is a HERO , they can have one of
the command traits from the table on
the right. You can either pick the trait
or roll a dice to randomly determine it.
If, for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

MAGIC

All WIZARDS in a LEGION OF BLOOD

army know an additional spell from
one of the Lores of the Dead (pg 70-71).

D6
1

2

3

4

5

6

Command Trait

Swift Strikes: Each time you make a hit roll of 6+ in the combat phase for
this general, you can make one additional hit roll for the same weapon
against the same target.
Soul-crushing Contempt: If this general slays any models in the combat
phase, subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of the slain model’s unit
until the end of the turn.
Aristocracy of Blood: You can re-roll failed charge rolls for friendly
SOULBLIGHT units that are within 9" of this general at the start of the
charge phase.
Aura of Dark Majesty : Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of attacks that target
this general in the combat phase.
Walking Death: If the hit roll for an attack made with one of this
general’s melee weapons is 6+, do not roll to wound. Instead, the target
suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to the Damage characteristic of
that weapon.
Sanguine Blur : Add 2" to this general’s Move characteristic. In addition,
you can re-roll failed charge rolls for this general.

BATTLE

TRAITS

The Unquiet Dead: After territories
have been determined, but before any
units have been set up, you may pick
up to 2 points in your territory and up
to 2 points anywhere on the battlefield
to be gravesites. You may wish to
place suitable markers on these points.
Instead of setting up a SUMMONABLE
unit on the battlefield, you can place it
to one side and say that it is set up in
the grave. You can do this with as many
units as you wish.

At the end of your movement phase,
for each DEATH HERO within 9" of a
gravesite, you may pick a single unit in
the grave and set it up wholly within 9"

of that gravesite and more than 9" from
any enemy models. Any model that is
unable to be set up in this way is slain.
If a unit is still in the grave at the end of
the battle, it is considered to be slain.

Gravesites have the following ability :

Invigorating Aura: At the start of

your hero phase, pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit within 9" of
this gravesite. You can either heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to it
or, if no wounds are currently allocated
to the unit, you may return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined
Wounds characteristic equal to or less
than the roll of a D3.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ARTEFACTS OF BLOOD

D6
1

Artefact

Ring of Dominion: The faceted crimson gem upon
this ring contains the blood of an ancient vampire. Its
magic can dominate the minds of lesser beings.

When the bearer is selected to fight in the combat
phase, you can pick an enemy model within 3" of them
and roll a dice. On a 5+ you can pick a melee weapon
that the enemy model is armed with (though not one
that has a value for one or more characteristics that
is given as ‘
’ or ‘See below’). For this combat phase,
the bearer of this ring may attack with that weapon in
addition to their own.

2

Shadeglass Decanter : This cursed vessel siphons away
the souls of the living, capturing them forever.

After armies have been set up but before the first battle
round, select an enemy HERO . In your hero phase,
as long as that hero is on the battlefield, you can roll
a dice. If the result is higher than the number of the
current battle round, that hero suffers 1 mortal wound.

3

Orb of Enchantment: To glance into the swirling
depths of this crystal orb is to become hypnotised by
alluring visions and half-glimpsed futures.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase, you
can pick an enemy HERO within 3" of the bearer. In
that combat phase, that enemy hero may not pile in,
attack or use abilities.

4

5

Soulbound Garments: Woven with dark magic, these
richly embroidered clothes are as tough as steel plate.

Re-roll

save rolls of 1 for the bearer.

Oubliette Arcana: This casket resembles a miniature
coffin carved from ivory and black wood. It captures
arcane energy, allowing the bearer to redirect an
enemy wizard’s magic.

When an enemy WIZARD successfully casts a spell
within 30" of the bearer,
instead of attempting to
unbind it you can declare that the Oubliette Arcana
will attempt to capture the magical energies. Roll a
dice. On a 6+ the spell is negated and has no effect.
In addition, that spell may not be cast again by that
WIZARD for the rest of the battle.

6

Amulet of Screams: The bearer of this amulet can
flood their foe’s mind with the tormented howling of
damned souls, leaving them terrified and reeling.

Once per battle, when an enemy WIZARD
successfully casts a spell, instead of attempting to
unbind it you can declare that the bearer will use the
Amulet of Screams. If you do so, roll a dice. On a 2+
the spell is negated and has no effect.

Deathless Minions: Roll a dice each

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATH unit
within 6" of your general or another
friendly DEATH HERO . On a 6+ the
wound is negated.

Immortal Majesty : Subtract 1 from the

Bravery characteristic of enemy units
within 6" of any friendly LEGION OF
BLOOD units.

Favoured Retainers: Add 1 to the

Attacks characteristic of all melee
weapons used by friendly LEGION

OF BLOOD VAMPIRE LORDS and

LEGION OF BLOOD Blood Knights.

COMMAND ABILITY

The general of a LEGION OF BLOOD

army has the following additional
command ability :

Endless Legions: If your general uses
this ability, choose a gravesite within
9" of them. You may pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit that has been
destroyed and set it up again wholly
within 9" of that gravesite and more
than 9" from any enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

LEGION OF NIGHT

This section describes the allegiance abilities available to an army taken from Mannfred von Carstein’s
Legion of Night, including battle traits, command traits and artefacts of power.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:
LEGION OF NIGHT

UNITS

COMMAND TRAITS

A LEGION OF NIGHT army may

include any of the units in this
battletome, apart from Nagash. If it
includes any MORTARCHS , then it
must include Mannfred von Carstein,
and he must be the army’s general.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a LEGION OF NIGHT army includes
any HEROES , then one may bear an
Artefact of Night. Declare which hero
has the artefact after picking your
general, and then pick which artefact the
hero has. Alternatively, roll a dice on the
table opposite to randomly generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an Artefact of Night for each
warscroll battalion in your army. The
same model cannot have more than
one Artefact of Night.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a LEGION OF NIGHT
army is a HERO , they can have one of
the command traits from the table on
the right. You can either pick the trait
or roll a dice to randomly determine it.
If, for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

D6
1

2

3

4
5

6

Command Trait

Above Suspicion: This general may be set up in ambush in addition to the
3 units normally allowed by the Ageless Cunning battle trait (see below).
Swift Form: Add 2" to this general’s Move characteristic. In addition, add
2" to the distance they can move when they run.
Unbending Will: Friendly LEGION OF NIGHT units within 12" of this
general may re-roll failed battleshock tests.
Merciless Hunter : Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for this general.
Unholy Impetus: If this general slays any models in the combat phase,
pick a friendly LEGION OF NIGHT unit within 3" of the general. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons until the end of
the phase.
Terrifying Visage: Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units within 6" of this general.

MAGIC

All WIZARDS in a LEGION OF NIGHT

army know an additional spell from
one of the Lores of the Dead (pg 70-71).

BATTLE

TRAITS

The Unquiet Dead: After territories
have been determined, but before any
units have been set up, you may pick
up to 2 points in your territory and up
to 2 points anywhere on the battlefield
to be gravesites. You may wish to
place suitable markers on these points.
Instead of setting up a SUMMONABLE
unit on the battlefield, you can place it
to one side and say that it is set up in
the grave. You can do this with as many
units as you wish.

At the end of your movement phase,
for each DEATH HERO within 9" of a
gravesite, you may pick a single unit in

the grave and set it up wholly within 9"
of that gravesite and more than 9" from
any enemy models. Any model that is
unable to be set up in this way is slain.
If a unit is still in the grave at the end of
the battle, it is considered to be slain.

Gravesites have the following ability :

Invigorating Aura: At the start of

your hero phase, pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit within 9" of
this gravesite. You can either heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to it
or, if no wounds are currently allocated
to the unit, you may return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined
Wounds characteristic equal to or less
than the roll of a D3.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ARTEFACTS OF NIGHT

D6
1

Artefact
Vial of the Pure Blood: A vial of blood drained

from the most pious or righteous mortals can greatly
invigorate a creature of the night.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can declare
that the bearer will drink from the Vial of Pure Blood.
If you do so, you can add 1 to hit and wound rolls for
the bearer until your next hero phase.

Shard of Night: This black leather brigandine was
crafted from the hide of an Abyssal Stalker, and grants
the wearer that creature’s
shadowy aura.

Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of attacks that target the
bearer in the shooting phase.

Gem of Exsanguination: This crimson stone pulses
hungrily. It craves fresh blood, and its magic is strong
enough to burst the arteries of its victims, greedily
siphoning their vitae in a tempest of gore.

2

3

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase, you
can pick an enemy unit within 6" of the bearer and
roll a dice. On a 1 nothing happens. On a 2-5 the unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6+ the unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

4

Chiropteric Cloak: This bat-winged cloak is covered
with razor-sharp claws. Feasting upon blood drives it
into a frenzy, causing it to lash and tear at nearby foes.

At the start of the combat phase, you can declare that
the bearer will feed the Chiropteric Cloak. If you do
so, the bearer suffers 1 mortal wound. During that
combat phase, each time the hit roll of an attack that
targets the bearer is 1 or less, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all its attacks have been resolved.

5

Morbheg’s Claw : This blackened talon is said to
belong to Morbheg, father of Terrorgheists.

In your hero phase, you can declare that the bearer will
carve sigils in the ground with this claw. If you do so,
they may not move, charge or attack this turn, but you
can add 2 to casting rolls made for friendly LEGION OF
NIGHT WIZARDS within 12" of the bearer.

6

Curseblade: This cursed blade is destined to feast
upon the soul of a particular foe.

After armies have been set up but before the first
battle round begins, you can pick an enemy HERO . In
your hero phase, as long as the enemy hero is on the
battlefield, you can roll a dice. On a 4+ that enemy
hero suffers 1 mortal wound and you may heal a
wound that has been allocated to the bearer.

Deathless Minions: Roll a dice each

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATH unit
within 6" of your general or another
friendly DEATH HERO . On a 6+ the
wound is negated.

The Bait: Add 1 to save rolls for

friendly LEGION OF NIGHT

DEATHRATTLE units that are wholly
within your territory.

Ageless Cunning: Instead of setting

up a LEGION OF NIGHT unit on the

battlefield, you can place it to one side
and say that it is set up in ambush.
You can do this with up to 3 units.
At the end of any of your movement
phases, you can set up any of the units
in ambush wholly within 6" of any
battlefield edge and more than 9" away
from any enemy models.

COMMAND ABILITY

The general of a LEGION OF NIGHT

army has the following additional
command ability :

Endless Legions: If your general uses
this ability, choose a gravesite within
9" of them. You may pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit that has been
destroyed and set it up again wholly
within 9" of that gravesite and more
than 9" from any enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

LORES OF THE DEAD

Deathmages and other casters of necromantic magic draw their powers directly from the realm of
Shyish, channelling its morbid energies to wither and ruin their foes.

WIZARDS that know an additional
spell (or spells) from one of the Lores of
the Dead, as described in their army’s
allegiance abilities, generate their spells
from the following tables.

You must generate any additional spells

for DEATHMAGES WIZARDS from the

Lore of the Deathmages, whilst those for
VAMPIRE WIZARDS must be generated
from the Lore of the Vampires.

For DEATHLORDS WIZARDS, you

may generate each of their additional
spells from either lore. To generate a
spell, either pick the spell or roll a D6 to
randomly determine it.

LORE OF THE DEATHMAGES

1. OVERWHELMING DREAD

The target of this curse is overcome with a sensation of
creeping doom, causing them to cower in fear.

Overwhelming Dread has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the
caster that is visible to them. Until your next hero phase,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for that unit and subtract 1 from
that unit’s Bravery characteristic.

2. FADING VIGOUR

The wizard saps the vitality from his enemies until they can
barely raise their weapons.

Fading Vigour has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast,
pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them. Until the start of your next hero phase, subtract 1
from the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons
(to a minimum of 1), and roll only a single dice when
making charge rolls for it.

3. SPECTRAL GRASP

With a gesture the caster summons dozens of spectral
hands into existence, which grasp hold of nearby enemies.

Spectral Grasp has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick a terrain feature within 18" of the caster that is
visible to them. Until your next hero phase, halve the Move
characteristic (rounding down) of enemy units within 3" of
any terrain features affected by any Spectral Grasp spells at
the start of their movement phase.

4. PRISON OF GRIEF

The caster curses his victims to live out the greatest tragedy
in their lives over and over again, drowning their will to
fight in waves of sorrow and self-pity.

Prison of Grief has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast,
pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster that is visible
to them. Until your next hero phase, before a unit affected
by any Prison of Grief spells moves, roll a dice. On a 5+ the
unit may not move in that phase.

5. DECREPIFY

The wizard causes the muscles of an enemy champion to
atrophy, robbing them of their strength.

Decrepify has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast, pick
an enemy HERO within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them. Until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from
wound rolls made for that model and subtract 1 from the
Damage characteristics of that model’s melee weapons (to a
minimum of 1).

6. SOUL HARVEST

The caster summons a ghostly scythe which slices through
their enemies, cutting the cord tethering spirit to flesh.

Soul Harvest has a casting value of 7. If successfully cast,
each enemy unit within 3" of the caster suffers D3 mortal
wounds. Then, roll a dice for each mortal wound that was
allocated to an enemy unit and not negated. For each 5+,
heal 1 wound that has been allocated to the caster.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

LOCUS OF SHYISH

If you make an unmodified casting roll of 9+ for a DEATH
WIZARD that is attempting to cast a spell from the Lore of
the Deathmages or the Lore of the Vampires, and it is not
unbound, then after resolving the effects of that spell you
may immediately resolve them for a second time.

For example, Overwhelming Dread is successfully cast on
a casting roll of 9 and is not unbound. After resolving the
effects against the target unit, you may choose a second
target unit, or the same target unit again, and resolve the
effects a second time. If the same unit is picked twice, your
opponent will therefore subtract 2 from hit rolls for that
unit, and subtract 2 from its Bravery characteristic.

LORE OF THE VAMPIRES

1. BLADES OF SHYISH

4. AMETHYSTINE PINIONS

The wizard summons a whirlwind of lambent spirit blades
to slice through his enemies.

Incorporeal amethyst wings grow from the caster’s back,
allowing him to soar above the battlefield.

Blades of Shyish has a casting value of 5. If successfully cast,
roll a dice for each enemy unit within 12" of the caster. On
a 5+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Amethystine Pinions has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, until your next hero phase add 5" to the caster’s Move
characteristic and the caster can fly.

2. SPIRIT GALE

5. SOULPIKE

The wizard calls forth spectral winds that howl through the
ranks of the foe, tearing the souls from their bodies.

Spirit Gale has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast,
pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster that is visible
to them and roll 3 dice. For each 5+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound. In addition, if 2 of these dice show the
same number, subtract 1 from hit rolls for that unit until
your next hero phase. If all 3 dice show the same number,
subtract 1 from hit and wound rolls for that unit until your
next hero phase instead.

3. VILE TRANSFERENCE

The caster siphons the animus from nearby foes and uses it
to restore the mangled forms of his undead servants.

Vile Transference has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster that is
visible to them, and a friendly DEATH unit within 6"
of that enemy unit. The enemy unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. Then, for each of these wounds that was allocated
and not negated, you can heal 1 wound allocated to the
friendly unit.

The caster places a hex on his foes so that, should they
move too hastily or aggressively,
they risk impaling their
own souls on a shimmering forest of purple-black spears.

Soulpike has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast, pick
an enemy unit within 18" of the caster that is visible to
them. Until your next hero phase, after a unit affected by
any Soulpike spells makes a charge move, roll a number of
dice equal to the result of their charge roll. For each 5+, that
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

6. AMARANTHINE ORB

The wizard hurls a pulsing globe of pure necrotic magic
which turns flesh and bone to ash in an instant.

Amaranthine Orb has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick a point on the battlefield within 12" of the caster
and draw an imaginary straight line 1mm wide between
that point and the closest part of the caster. Roll a dice for
each unit (friend or foe, apart from the caster) that has
any models beneath this line. On a 4+ that unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

SOULBLIGHT

This section describes the allegiance abilities available to a Soulblight army, including battle traits,
command traits and artefacts of power.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:
SOULBLIGHT

Deathless Thralls: Roll a dice each

BATTLE

TRAITS

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a SOULBLIGHT army includes
any HEROES , then one may bear a
Soulblight Artefact. Declare which
hero has the artefact after picking your
general, and then pick which artefact
the hero has. Alternatively, roll a dice
on the table opposite to randomly
generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have a Soulblight Artefact for each
warscroll battalion in your army. The
same model cannot have more than
one Soulblight Artefact.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a SOULBLIGHT army
is a HERO , they can have one of the
command traits from the table on the
right. You can either pick the trait or
roll a dice to randomly determine it. If,
for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

MAGIC

All WIZARDS in a SOULBLIGHT army

know an additional spell from the Lore
of the Vampires (pg 71).

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly SOULBLIGHT unit
within 6" of your general or another

Lords of Night: Models with the Lords of
Night bloodline receive the benefits of
the Deathless Thralls battle trait even if
they are not within 6" of the general or
another friendly SOULBLIGHT HERO.

SOULBLIGHT HERO from your army.

On a 6+ the wound is negated.

The Bloodlines: Before you select your
general’s command trait, pick one of
the following bloodlines for the army
to have. The associated traits apply to
all SOULBLIGHT units from your army
for the duration of the battle, even if
the general is slain (if you must select
a new general during the battle, do not
generate a new bloodline for the army).

Dragon Warriors: You can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for models that have the
Dragon Warriors bloodline if they
charged in the same turn.

Necromantic: Add 1 to casting
and unbinding rolls for WIZARDS
with the Necromantic bloodline. In
addition, subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units that are
within 6" of one or more models with
the Necromantic bloodline.

Swift Death: Add 2" to the Move
characteristic of all models that have
the Swift Death bloodline. In addition,
Swift Death models can always move as
if they can fly.

COMMAND TRAITS

D6
1
2

3

4

5

6

Command Trait

Curse of the Revenant: Add 1 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.
Deathless Duellist: Re-roll hits rolls of 1 for this general when they
attack an enemy HERO in the combat phase.
Transfix: At the start of the combat phase, pick one enemy HERO within
3" of this general. Until the end of the phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls for
the model you picked when it targets the general.
Mist Form: If this general retreats, they can move as if they can fly and
they can still charge in the same turn.
Killing Blow : Wound rolls of 6+ for attacks made by this general in the
combat phase inflict a mortal wound in addition to any other damage
they inflict.
Blood Fury : Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used
by this general.


PAGEBREAK
D6
1

Artefact

The Slaking Blade: The corrupted sentience within
this living weapon thirsts always for blood, and only
after it has shed enough does it bestow rewards upon
its wielder.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Keep a tally of
the number of wounds allocated as a result of attacks
made with that weapon. As soon as the total reaches
6 or more, the bearer heals D3 wounds that have been
allocated to them, and you can add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of that weapon for the rest of the battle.

The Scabbing Plate: This armour feeds on the blood
spilled across its facets, using the still-warm essence to
instantly seal any rents.

At the end of any combat phase in which the bearer
caused any wounds to be allocated to any enemy
models, you can heal 1 wound that has been allocated
to the bearer.

2

3

RULES

SOULBLIGHT ARTEFACTS

4

Sigil of the Sanguine Throne: The symbol on this

ring marks the wearer as being of the von Carstein
bloodline, and it demands deference from even the
loftiest of Vampire Lords.

Once per charge phase, you can re-roll a failed charge
roll made for a friendly VAMPIRE unit within 12" of
the bearer.

5

The Saccharine Goblet: Blood sipped from this

chalice is sweeter and more invigorating than any
other, but unless quickly refilled the Saccharine Goblet
will drain the drinker’s own essence.

At start of the combat phase, you can declare that
the bearer will drink from the Saccharine Goblet. If
you do so, you can add 1 to hit and wound rolls for
the bearer until the end of the phase. However,
if no
wounds are allocated as a result of these attacks, then
the bearer suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Crimson Wing: Swooping silently through the sky,
this bat-like familiar follows the pulse of its terrified
prey for leagues before diving in for the kill.

6

Ruby Vial: With but a single drop poured onto the
ground from this delicate receptacle, a wound opens
in the sky and a deluge of blood begins to fall.

In your shooting phase, you can pick an enemy unit
within 30" of the bearer and roll a dice. On a roll of 3+
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can declare
that the bearer will open the Ruby Vial. If you do so,
then until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units and subtract 1
from the result of any charge rolls made for them.


PAGEBREAK
This section describes the allegiance abilities available to a Death army, including battle traits,
command traits and artefacts of power.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:
DEATH

COMMAND TRAITS

D6
1

2

3

4

5

6

Command Trait

Ruler of the Night: Friendly DEATH units are affected by the Deathless
Minions battle trait if they are within 12" of this general rather than
only 6".
Predator of the Shadows: Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for this general if
they are in cover.
Death Incarnate: In your hero phase, pick an enemy unit within 3" of this
general and roll two dice. If the total rolled equals or exceeds the enemy
unit’s Bravery,
it suffers D3 mortal wounds.
Master of the Black Arts: This general is a WIZARD who knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells. If this general is already a WIZARD,
add 1 to all of their casting and unbinding rolls.
Red Fury : Roll a dice after this general attacks in the combat phase. On a
5+ they can immediately pile in and attack again (any such attacks do not
generate further attacks in this way).
Supernatural Horror : Double the number of models that flee from enemy
units if they are within 12" of this general in the battleshock phase.

RULES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES:

DEATH

BATTLE

TRAITS

Deathless Minions: Roll a dice each

time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly DEATH unit
within 6" of your general or another
friendly DEATH HERO . On a 6+ the
wound is negated.

COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a DEATH army is
a HERO , they can have one of the
command traits from the table on the
right. You can either pick the trait or
roll a dice to randomly determine it. If,
for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a DEATH army includes any HEROES ,
then one may bear an Artefact of
Death. Declare which hero has the
artefact after picking your general, and
then pick which artefact the hero has.
Alternatively, roll a dice on the table
opposite to randomly generate one.

You may choose one additional HERO
to have an Artefact of Death for each
warscroll battalion in your army. The
same model cannot have more than
one Artefact of Death.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

ARTEFACTS OF DEATH

D6
1

Artefact

Cursed Book: Every Cursed Book is filled with the
writings of depraved practitioners of the necromantic
arts. They radiate an aura of pure evil that has an
enervating effect on nearby living creatures.

Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of any unit within 3" of
the bearer unless it has the DEATH keyword.

2

Cloak of Mists and Shadows: At a word of

command, the wearer of this cloak can transform
into a cloud of dark mist that swirls swiftly across
the battlefield.

In the combat phase, instead of piling in and attacking
with the bearer, you can remove them from the
battlefield and set them up again within 12" of their
original location and more than 3" from any enemy
models. If this is impossible, the bearer remains in
their current location.

3

Blade of Dark Summons: This blade pulses with

dark magic. Its wielder can draw upon this power to
summon the minions of Death to the battlefield to
fight at their side.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can set up a
SUMMONABLE DEATH unit wholly within 12" of the
bearer and more than 3" from any enemy models, and
add it to your army. The models in the unit must have
a combined Wounds characteristic of no more than a
2D6 roll.

4

Black Amulet: The longer this maleficent ebony jewel
is left to absorb necromantic magic, the deadlier the
effects when it is finally unleashed.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, the bearer can
unleash the magic stored in the Black Amulet. When
it does so, pick an enemy unit within 12" of the bearer.
The unit you pick suffers a number of mortal wounds
equal to the number of the current battle round. You
cannot pick a unit with the DEATH keyword.

5

Tomb Blade: This evil weapon steals the life energy of
those it slays and uses it to vitalise the undead.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. For each
wound roll of 6+ you make for this weapon, you can
heal 1 wound allocated to the bearer or a friendly
DEATH model within 6" of the bearer.

6

Ring of Immortality : If the bearer of this ring is
struck down, it transports them from danger and
restores some of their power. However, once used, it
cannot be used again until the next moon rises.

The first time the bearer is slain, before removing
them from the battlefield, roll a dice. On a 3+ the
bearer is not slain and D3 wounds allocated to them
are healed (any excess damage is negated). Then,
remove the bearer from the battlefield and set them up
again within 18" of their original location and more
than 3" from any enemy models.


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

TURN THE TABLES

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
OBJECTIVES

TURN THE

The enemy have you surrounded! Your
forces are smashed, but while you still
stand, you can strike down the foe and
turn their own dead against them!

ENCIRCLER’S
OBJECTIVES

You have the enemy commanders
cornered and at your mercy. You must
destroy them swiftly before they can
raise another army!

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
COMMAND ABILITY

Desecration: If your general uses
this ability, until your next hero
phase, each enemy unit within 6"
of any slain unit markers (see The
Dead Rise, opposite) must re-roll
successful battleshock tests.

ENCIRCLER’S
COMMAND ABILITY

Flee!: If your general uses this
ability, you may pick a friendly
unit with less than 25% of its
starting number of models
remaining. Remove that unit from
the battlefield. It does not count
as slain for the purposes of The
Dead Rise.

HOW TO USE
BATTLEPLANS

BATTLEPLAN:
TABLES

This book contains two battleplans,
each of which enables you to fight
a battle that epitomises the way the
Legions of Nagash wage war. These
battles should be fought using all
of the rules on the Warhammer
Age of Sigmar rules sheet unless
the battleplan specifically indicates
otherwise. Each of the battleplans
includes a map reflecting the
landscape on which the battle is
fought; these maps usually show a
battlefield that is 6 feet by 4 feet in
size, but you can use a smaller or
larger area if you wish.

A band of undead champions find
themselves encircled by a far larger
force, their shambling minions struck
down and torn apar t. The arrogant
mor tals believe the day is won, but
they face the all-conquering power of
death itself. Every living warrior cut
down is animated with necromantic
magic, raised as an unliving weapon
and set upon its former comrades…

THE ARMIES

One player commands a group of
heroes from the Legions of Nagash and
their opponent commands the army
encircling their position. The Legions
of Nagash player may only select units
with the HERO keyword. The Encircling
player’s army should be approximately
50% larger than the Legions of Nagash
player’s army. Each army has a unique
command ability, shown on the right.


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

THE BATTLEFIELD

Set up terrain using the instructions

on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar

rules sheet. You may wish to have a
hill or raised area at the centre of the
battlefield upon which the Legions of
Nagash force can conduct its last stand.

SET-UP

Do not use the set-up instructions on

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules

sheet. Instead, the Legions of Nagash
player sets up their army in their
territory first. After this, the Encircler
must split their army into 2 groups, as
evenly as possible. They then set up one
group in each of their territories.

FIRST TURN

The Legions of Nagash player decides
who takes the first turn in the first
battle round.

THE DEAD RISE

Whenever a unit from the Encircling
player’s army is destroyed, mark
the position of the last model to be
removed (a coin is ideal for this), along
with a note of the combined Wounds
characteristic total for that unit. At the
end of each turn, the Legions of Nagash
player may set up a SUMMONABLE
unit with a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the
destroyed unit, wholly within 9" of the
marker and more than 9" from any
enemy models, and add it to their army.
If they do so, remove the marker.

Designer’s Note: When setting up

a SUMMONABLE unit using The
Dead Rise, above, we find it makes
the battle far more evocative if you set
up a unit appropriate to the one that
was destroyed. For example, units of
Zombies and Skeleton Warriors would
be suitable replacements for units of
infantry, whereas Black Knights would
be a good replacement for cavalry.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age
of Sigmar rules sheet. If a player
has no models left at the end of any
battle round, the battle ends and
their opponent wins a major victory.
Otherwise, the game ends at the end of
the fifth battle round. The Encircling
player wins a major victory if they
destroy more than 75% of their
opponent’s HEROES . The Encircling
player wins a minor victory if they
destroy more than 50% of their
opponent’s HEROES . If the Encircling
player destroys fewer than 50% of their
opponent’s HEROES , the Legions of
Nagash player wins a major victory
(only HEROES that were set up at the
start of the game count towards these
victory conditions).


PAGEBREAK
THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents a series of
tombs set into the sides of a valley.
Generate the scenery for this battle as

described on the Warhammer Age of

Sigmar rules sheet. You may wish to
mark the six cairn entrances, as shown
on the map, with suitable markers.

SET-UP

Do not use the set-up instructions on

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules

sheet. Instead, the Defender sets up
their army in their territory first. Then,
the Legions of Nagash player sets up
their army in their territory.

FIRST TURN

The Legions of Nagash player decides
who takes the first turn in the first
battle round.

DEFENDER’S
COMMAND ABILITY

Barricade the Entrance: If your

general uses this ability, pick a
friendly unit within 3" of a cairn
entrance. Until your next hero
phase, whilst that unit remains
within 3" of that entrance, the
Legions of Nagash player may not
summon any units from it.

BATTLEPLAN

ANCIENT WARRIORS

BATTLEPLAN:
WARRIORS

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
COMMAND ABILITY

ANCIENT

Be Quick!: If your general uses
this ability, add 3" to the Move
characteristic of friendly DEATH
HEROES within 9" of them
until the end of the following
movement phase.

Graveyards, mausoleums and gore-
strewn battlefields are fine recruiting
grounds for the Leg ions of Nagash,
for they are ripe with corpses that
can be suffused with necromantic
energy, dragged from their graves to
join the endless armies of the Great
Necromancer. Many battles are fought
between the leg ions and those who
seek to prevent the desecration of
their ancient tombs. This battleplan
lets you re-enact such a battle, pitting
a host of the Leg ions of Nagash that
seeks to defile a hallowed resting
place against a force of outraged
guardians. These defenders could
be zealous Sigmar-worshippers,
feral boneyard orruks or even skull-
hoarding Bloodreavers.

THE ARMIES

One player commands an army from
the Legions of Nagash, and their
opponent commands the region’s
defenders, striking out to protect their
honoured dead from being raised into
eternal servitude.

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
OBJECTIVES

These ancient gravesites will provide
a bountiful supply of new fighters to
swell your ranks. Free these valuable
assets from their entombment and you
will be unstoppable!

DEFENDER’S
OBJECTIVES

The foul minions of Nagash seek
to disturb the eternal rest of your
honoured dead. Such sacrilege cannot
be allowed to come to pass. March out
and destroy their forces before they can
turn your own ancestors against you!


PAGEBREAK
BATTLEPLAN

ANCIENT TOMBS

At the end of each of the Legions of
Nagash player’s movement phases, if a
friendly DEATH HERO is within 3" of
a cairn entrance, they may declare that
they will summon new forces from it.
Roll a D3 on the following table to see
what kind of unit is summoned, then
place the unit wholly within 9" of the
cairn entrance and more than 9" from
any enemy models. If you are unable to
place the unit, or do not wish to, then
the newly raised warriors may instead
lurk within the tomb and not take part
in the battle. The cairn entrance is then
marked as having been defiled and may
not be summoned from again. You may
wish to remove its marker from the
battlefield to represent this.

D3

RESULT

1

2

3

Ancient General’s Honoured
Mausoleum

Choose one unit:
• Up to 20 Skeleton Warriors
• Up to 10 Grave Guard
• Up to 5 Black Knights

• 1 WIGHT KING

Noble Household’s Ancestral Tomb

Choose one unit:
• Up to 20 Skeleton Warriors
• Up to 3 Spirit Hosts
• Up to 5 Hexwraiths
• 1 Tomb Banshee

Royal Bloodline’s Gilded Cr ypt

Choose one unit:
• Up to 30 Skeleton Warriors
• Up to 20 Grave Guard
• Up to 3 Spirit Hosts
• Up to 1 WIGHT KING and up to 1
Tomb Banshee

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions on the Warhammer Age
of Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, if a
player has no models left at the end of
any battle round, the battle ends and
their opponent wins a major victory.
Otherwise, the game ends at the end
of the fifth battle round. If 2 or fewer
cairn entrances have been defiled, the
defender wins a major victory. If 3
cairn entrances have been defiled, the
defender wins a minor victory. If 4 or
more cairn entrances have been defiled,
the Legions of Nagash player wins a

major victory.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY CAMPAIGNS

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of
Sigmar. Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking
advantage of this age of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to Glory
campaign, you will need two or more
players. All players will need to have at
least one HERO , who is their champion,
and must then create a warband to
follow and fight beside their champion
during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
will gain their warband favour. The
warband will swell in numbers as more
warriors flock to their banner, while
existing troops become more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you will be granted
a final test. Succeed, and your glory will
be affirmed for all time, and you will be
crowned as the victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your army
consists of a mighty champion battling
to earn the favour of the gods, and their
entire band of loyal followers. As you
wage war against other warbands, your
own warband will grow, and existing
units will become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which you
can download for free from
games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its own
set of warband tables that are used
to generate the units in the warband
and the rewards they can receive for
fighting battles. The warband tables
included in this battletome let you
collect a warband with the GRAND

HOST OF NAGASH , LEGION OF
SACRAMENT, LEGION OF BLOOD

or LEGION OF NIGHT allegiance,

but other Warhammer Age of Sigmar

publications include warband tables to
let you collect other warbands from the
Grand Alliances of ORDER , CHAOS ,

DEATH and DESTRUCTION .

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion you
choose will determine the number
of followers in your warband. Give
your champion a suitably grand
name, and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to generate your starting
followers. These can be chosen
from the followers tables for your
allegiance. If your allegiance has
more than one followers table you
can freely choose which ones you
use, selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate and
roll on the followers tables instead.
To make a followers roll, pick a
column from one of the followers
tables and then roll a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be organised
into units. The follower table tells
you how many models the unit
has. Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Chaos warband
followers can only be given the mark
of their champion’s patron. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward. No
champion or unit can start the Path
to Glory campaign with more than
one reward each.


PAGEBREAK
6. Finally, give your warband a name,
one that will inspire respect and
dread in your rivals. Your warband is
now complete, and you can fight your
first battle. Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against other
warbands taking part in the campaign.
You can fight battles as and when you
wish, and can use any of the battleplans

available for Warhammer Age of

Sigmar . There are some battleplans, for

example in the General’s Handbook ,

that have been designed specifically for
use in Path to Glory campaigns.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their full roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is
assumed that they were merely injured,
and they are back to full strength for
your next game, thirsty for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign are
vying for glory. The amount of glory
they have received is represented by
the Glory Points that the warband has
accumulated. Glory can be increased
by fighting and winning battles, as
described next. As a warband’s glory
increases, it will also attract additional
followers, and a warband’s champion
may be granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after a
battle is complete. If the warband drew
or lost the battle, it receives 1 Glory
Point. If it won the battle, it receives D3
Glory Points (re-roll a result of 1 on the
D3 if you won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster. Once
you have won 10 Glory Points, you will
have a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a dice to
determine which option to take (1-2 =
Additional Followers, 3-4 = Champion’s
Reward, 5-6 = Follower’s Reward).

1 Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or roll for a
random one from a follower table,
then add it to your warband roster.
You can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from any of
the follower tables from an allied
warband table i.e. a warband table
whose allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own. In either
case, if you wish to add a unit from
a follower table that requires more
than ‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if you
do not have enough Glory Points,
you cannot choose a unit from such
a table). Once 5 new units have
joined your warband, you will have
a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

2 Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows. Roll on
your allegiance’s champion rewards
table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
champion has already received, roll
again until you get a different result.

3 Follower’s Reward: Your warriors

become renowned for mighty deeds.
Pick a unit of followers (not one
from an allied warband table), then
roll on your allegiance’s followers
rewards table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
unit has already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path to
Glory campaign; either by Blood or by
Might. To win by Blood your warband
must first have 10 Glory Points. To win
by Might your warband must have at
least 5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight and win
one more battle to win the campaign. If
the next battle you fight is tied or lost,
you do not receive any Glory Points –
just keep on fighting battles until you
either win the campaign… or another
player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising the
number of Glory Points needed to win
by Blood, or the numbers of extra units
that must join it to win by Might. For
example, for a shorter campaign, you
could say that a warband only needs 5
Glory Points before the final fight, or
for a longer one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
RULES

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make
up the units which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle. All followers must
have the same allegiance as the champion (either Legion of Blood, Grand Host of Nagash, and so on).

CHAMPION TABLE

Grand Host of Nagash

Legion of Sacrament

Legion of Blood

Legion of Night

Followers

Vampire Lord on
Zombie Dragon

Vampire Lord on
Zombie Dragon

Vampire Lord

Necromancer

Vampire Lord on
Zombie Dragon

Coven Throne

Vampire Lord

Vampire Lord on
Zombie Dragon

Wight King

4 units

5 units

6 units

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Grand Host of Nagash

Legion of Sacrament

Legion of Blood

Legion of Night

1

2

3

4

5

6

1 Morghast Harbinger

1 Morghast Archai

10 Skeleton Warriors

10 Skeleton Warriors

5 Black Knights

1 Mortis Engine

1 Morghast Archai or
1 Morghast Harbinger

5 Black Knights

5 Grave Guard

10 Skeleton Warriors

20 Zombies

1 Corpse Cart

5 Blood Knights

3 Vargheists

5 Black Knights

10 Skeleton Warriors

10 Skeleton Warriors

3 Spirit Hosts

1 Bloodseeker Palanquin

5 Black Knights

10 Skeleton Warriors

10 Skeleton Warriors

5 Grave Guard

10 Dire Wolves

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-3

4

5

6

Followers

1 Wight King

1 Necromancer

1 Cairn Wraith

1 Tomb Banshee

(Uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point. A warband cannot have more than one
of each type of MONSTER including any ridden by its champion.)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

1 Terrorgheist

1 Zombie Dragon


PAGEBREAK
RULES

CHAMPION REWARDS

TABLE

As your champion progresses along the Path to Glory, they will be granted many rewards by Nagash as they gain power, or
suffer an eternity of torment should they fail him.

2D6
2

3

4

Reward

Unfavoured: The champion has displeased
Nagash. If the champion is ever slain, you lose
D3 Glory Points (to a minimum of 0), and must
remove all rewards your champion has gained
from this table so far from your warband roster.

Fluctuating Form: Roll a dice for the champion
at the start of your hero phase. On a 1, the
champion suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 2-5
nothing happens. On a 6, you can heal 1 wound
that has been allocated to the champion.

Unholy Resilience: Add 1 to your champion’s
Wounds characteristic.

2D6
5

Reward

Monarch of the Dead: Add 1 to your champion’s
Bravery characteristic. In addition, add 1 to the
Bravery characteristic of other units from their
warband that are within 9" of them.

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

Stench of Death: Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of units within 6" of your champion
unless they have the DEATH keyword.

Savage Strike: You can add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of Melee weapons used by
the champion.

Soulforged Weapon: Pick a weapon used by the
champion (it cannot be a weapon used by a mount
if they have one). Add 1 to hit rolls made for
that weapon.

Ancient Hatred: Pick a Grand Alliance keyword.
You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for the champion
against units with that keyword.

Deathbound Plate: You can re-roll failed save
rolls for your champion.

Spectral Protector : The champion may attempt to
unbind one spell in your hero phase in the same
manner as a WIZARD. If the champion is already
a WIZARD, they may instead attempt to unbind
one additional spell in the enemy hero phase.

Skill of Ages: Pick a weapon carried by your
champion (it cannot be a weapon used by a mount
if they have one). Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for this weapon the attack is automatically
successful. Determine damage normally (do not
make a wound or save roll).


PAGEBREAK
RULES

MONSTER FOLLOWERS
REWARDS TABLE

As your champion progresses along the Path to Glory,
the monsters they raise to fight by their side will be
gifted with ever greater destructive abilities.

D6
1-2

Reward
Filth-encrusted Claws and Teeth: Each time

you make a hit roll of 6+ for this monster, add 1
to the Damage characteristic of that attack.

FOLLOWERS

REWARDS

TABLE

As your warband progresses along the Path to Glory,
it
will gain more followers, and especially deadly units will
become feared across the Mortal Realms.

D6
1-2

Reward

The Danse Macabre: Once per battle, in your
hero phase, you can declare that this unit will
perform the Danse Macabre. The unit can run
and charge in that turn.

3-4

Creature of Darkness: In the shooting phase,

3-4

subtract 6" from the Range characteristic of
attacks that target this monster.

5-6

Resilient Monstrosity : Add 1 to the monster’s

Wounds characteristic.

5-6

The Restless Dead: If this unit is affected by a
Deathly Invocation ability, you can re-roll failed
hit rolls of 1 for it until the end of the turn. Re-
roll this reward if the unit is not SUMMONABLE .

Eternal Thralls: This unit does not have to take
battleshock tests. Instead, in the battleshock
phase, you can heal D3 wounds that have been
allocated to the unit. If the models in the unit
have a Wounds characteristic of 1, then you can
instead return D3 slain models to the unit.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY WARBAND ROSTER

Permission to print or photocopy for personal use only. © Games Workshop Ltd 2018


PAGEBREAK
FIGHTING BATTLES WITH THE
LEGIONS OF NAGASH

Collecting your army is just the beginning. Whether you have a small undead force or the makings
of a grand host, there are many ways to use your Legions of Nagash Citadel Miniatures in games of
Warhammer Age of Sigmar, forging legends of your own and testing your skill as a general.

The Legions of Nagash have a wide
variety of tools at their disposal to bring
the vision of their undying master to
the Mortal Realms. One of the most
useful of these are the gravesites gained
from The Unquiet Dead battle trait.

Gravesites complement a range of
strategies for all kinds of battleplan.
You can use them to place full-strength
units in control of objective markers,
attack enemy units from an unexpected
direction, or reinforce an important
hero who has been trapped by the
enemy. Placing your gravesites further
forward can allow you to swarm the
foe with large units of cheap models
that can be constantly replenished with

the Deathly Invocation ability. A canny
opponent could surround these sites
with their own troops, and prevent you
being able to raise reinforcement units
from a tactically crucial site. However,
this can create an opportunity for a
tactical deception, where an opponent
may believe that they need to move a
valuable unit into position to stop you
from raising a unit from a gravesite,
before discovering you had a different
plan altogether.

Similarly, you may not want to place
your gravesites too close to objective
markers, as this may allow an opponent
to simultaneously hold that objective
and block your gravesite from being

used with a single unit. Placing your
gravesites further back and evenly
spacing them gives you a nice coverage
of the battlefield. It allows you to bring
your summonable units on wherever
they are needed, whether it’s for a big
push into your opponent’s territory,
to reinforce a crumbling flank, or
to counter an enemy unit which
has appeared unexpectedly behind
your lines.

Whatever your play style, with a
Legions of Nagash army it’s always
important to ensure you keep plenty of
cheap heroes around – such as Cairn
Wraiths or Necromancers – to make
full use of your gravesites.


PAGEBREAK
THEMING YOUR ARMY

Theming an army is a great way to shape your collection, and certain themes may lend themselves
more readily to one or another type of play – open play, narrative play or matched play. Here are some
examples of how you might theme a collection, and what sort of battles you might fight.

NAGASHIZZAR GUARD

• Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead
• 1 Vampire Lord
• 1 Necromancer
• 2 units of Morghast Archai
• 2 units of Morghast Harbingers
• 3 units of Grave Guard

NEFERATA’S VAMPIRE
ENTOURAGE

• Neferata, Mortarch of Blood
• 2 units of Morghast Harbingers
• 1 Vampire Lord on
Zombie Dragon
• 1 Bloodseeker Palanquin
• 2 units of Vargheists

PRINCE VHORDRAI’S
CRIMSON HOST

• 1 Castellans of the
Crimson Keep battalion:
- Prince Vhordrai
- 3 units of Blood Knights
• 1 Vampire Lord on Nightmare
• 3 units of Blood Knights

The Nagashizzar Guard contains large
numbers of Nagash’s finest undead
minions. His cadre of Morghasts
surround him and protect him while
he dominates the battlefield with
his magical prowess. This is a very
elite force designed to look great
on the tabletop with a very striking
centrepiece model. The Vampire
Lord and Necromancer are powerful
spellcasters and fighters in their own
right, but in this army they also give

Nagash the opportunity to cast their
spells in addition to his own extensive
repertoire! This is a collection that
lends itself well to open or narrative
play battles, as it is a bit of an unusual
army and a challenge to face for your
opponents. A narrative battleplan
in which an enemy army must fight
through Nagash’s waves of elite troops
and slay him is very evocative, and will
provide opportunities for bragging
rights should they be successful!

This force is built around one thing:
speed! Every unit is able to cross the
battlefield rapidly so you can make
sure these elite fighters get to be where
you want them to be for maximum
damage. Neferata and the Bloodseeker
Palanquin give a fantastic range of
bonuses to the vampiric fighters nearby
too, making these already formidable
fighters even faster and more powerful.
This force has also been themed around
units which can fly, making it ideal for

creating your own narrative battleplans
set high above the battlefield, perhaps
fighting an airborne force of Kharadron
Overlords, or a Stormcast Eternals
Angelos Conclave force. This army can
easily be expanded with more Morghast
units or Vargheists, as well as Fell Bats
or Bat Swarms to really provide a wide
variety of flying units, and create a
collection which will look great on the
battlefield as well as bring swift death to
the foes of Nagash!

Prince Vhordrai’s Crimson Host is a
collection based around the Castellans
of the Crimson Keep warscroll
battalion. The army is split into two
forces. Three units of Blood Knights,
led by one of Vhordrai’s trusted
lieutenants, a Vampire Lord mounted
on a Nightmare steed, will all begin the
game on the battlefield. The other half
of the army, Prince Vhordrai and three
more units of Blood Knights, will use
The Shifting Keep – one of the abilities

on the battalion’s warscroll – to arrive
on the battlefield either behind or on
the flank of the enemy force, crushing
them between two ground-shaking
charges of heavily armoured vampire
cavalry! If you choose to take this army
from the Legion of Blood, these units
will get an even bigger boost from the
Favoured Retainers battle trait, as well
as ensuring your opponent’s battleshock
tests are particularly punishing after
your charging units fight.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

The warriors and creatures that battle in the Mortal Realms are incredibly diverse, and to represent
this, every model has a warscroll that lists the characteristics, weapons and abilities that apply to it.

Every Citadel Miniature in the
Warhammer range has its own
warscroll , which provides you with all
of the information needed to use that
model in a game of Warhammer Age
of Sigmar . More information about
what a warscroll contains, along with a
number of hints and tips for their use,
can be found on the page opposite.

In addition, you can organise the
units in your army into a special type
of formation by using a warscroll
battalion . Doing so will give you access

to additional abilities that can be used
by the units in the battalion.

When you are setting up, you can
set up all of the units in a warscroll
battalion instead of setting up a single
unit. Alternatively, you can set up some
of the units from a warscroll battalion,
and set up any remaining units
individually later on, or you can set up
all of the units individually.

Usually, a unit can only belong to
one battalion, and so can only benefit

from a single set of battalion abilities.
However, some very large battalions
include other, smaller battalions, and
in this case it is possible for a unit
to benefit from the abilities of two
different battalions at the same time.

The key below explains what you will
find on a warscroll battalion.

1. Title: The name of the warscroll battalion and a short overview
of the background for it and how it fights.

2. Organisation: This section lists the units that make up the
warscroll battalion and any restrictions that may apply to the
models that you can include.

3. Abilities: Every warscroll battalion includes one or more
abilities that some or all of the units from the battalion can
use. The abilities listed for a warscroll battalion only apply to
the units that make it up (even if there are other units of the
same type in your army). These abilities are in addition to the
abilities listed on the units’ warscrolls.

4. Allegiance:

If a battalion has an allegiance, its can be included
in an army that has that allegiance even if some of the units
in the battalion are from a different faction. However,
its units
only benefit from that army’s allegiance abilities if they have
the appropriate keyword on their warscroll.


PAGEBREAK
Modifiers: Many warscrolls include
modifiers that can affect characteristics.
For example, a rule might add 1 to
the Move characteristic of a model, or
subtract 1 from the result of a hit roll.
Modifiers are cumulative.

Random Values: Sometimes, the Move
or weapon characteristics on a warscroll
will have random values. For example,
the Move characteristic for a model might
be 2D6 (two dice rolls added together),
whereas the Attacks characteristic of a
weapon might be D6.

When a unit with a random Move
characteristic is selected to move in
the movement phase, roll the indicated
number of dice. The total of the dice rolled
is the Move characteristic for all models in
the unit for the duration of that phase.

Generate any random values for a weapon
(except Damage) each time it is chosen as

the weapon for an attack. Roll once and
apply the result to all such weapons being
used in the attack. The result applies for
the rest of that phase. When determining
random damage in step four of the attack
sequence, generate the value for each
successful attack the weapon makes;
the result is the damage for that single
successful attack.

When to Use Abilities: Abilities that

are used at the start of a phase must be
carried out before any other actions. By
the same token, abilities used at the end of
the phase are carried out after all normal
activities for the phase are complete.

If you can use several abilities at the same
time, you can decide in which order
they are used. If both players can carry
out abilities at the same time, the player
whose turn is taking place uses their
abilities first.

Save of ‘-’: Some models have a Save of
‘-’. This means that they automatically fail
all save rolls (do not make the roll, even if
modifiers apply).

Keywords: Keywords are sometimes
linked to (or tagged) by a rule. For
example, a rule might say that it applies
to ‘all DEATHRATTLE models’. This
means that it would apply to models that
have the DEATHRATTLE keyword on
their warscroll.

Minimum Range: Some weapons have a
minimum range. For example 6"-48". The
weapon cannot shoot at an enemy unit
that is within the minimum range.

Weapons: Some models can be armed
with two identical weapons. When the
model attacks with these weapons, do
not double the number of attacks that the
weapons make; usually, the model gets an
additional ability instead.

1. Title: The name of the model that the warscroll describes.

2. Characteristics: This set of characteristics tells you how fast, powerful and brave
the model is, and how effective its weapons are.

3. Description: The description tells you what weapons the model can be armed
with, and what upgrades (if any) it can be given. The description will also tell
you if the model is fielded on its own as a single model, or as part of a unit. If the
model is fielded as part of a unit, then the description will say how many models
the unit should have (if you don’t have enough models to field a unit, you can
still field one unit with as many models as you have available).

4. Abilities: Abilities are things that the model can do during a game that are not
covered by the standard game rules.

5. Keywords: All models have a list of keywords. Sometimes a rule will say that it
only applies to models that have a specific keyword.

6. Damage Table: Some models have a damage table that is used to determine one
or more of the model’s characteristics. Look up the number of wounds the model
has suffered to find the value of the characteristic in question.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

GRAND HOST OF NAGASH

THE FIRST COHORT

The First Cohort is the Great Necromancer’s personal guard and retinue. Its warriors form an
unbreachable phalanx around their liege-lord, protecting his physical form at all costs.

ORGANISATION

The First Cohort consists of the
following units:
• Nagash

• 1 unit of MORGHASTS

• 3 or more units chosen in
any combination from the
following list:
- Skeleton Warriors
- Grave Guard
- Black Knights

ABILITIES

Ceaseless Vigil: Each time a wound or mortal wound is allocated to Nagash, you
may pick a MORGHAST unit from the First Cohort within 3" of him and roll a dice.
On a 3+ you may allocate that wound or mortal wound to the chosen MORGHAST
unit instead.

Eternal Servitude: If Nagash uses his Deathly Invocation ability (pg 96) on any
SUMMONABLE unit from the First Cohort, you can treat the D3 result as 3 instead
of rolling the dice.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

LEGION OF SACRAMENT

LORDS OF SACRAMENT

Arkhan and his Black Disciples form a nexus of necromantic power upon the battlefield, channelling
their spells of destruction and death through the nightmarish focus of a Mortis Engine.

ORGANISATION

The Lords of Sacrament battalion
consists of the following units:

• Arkhan the Black, Mortarch of
Sacrament
• 2 or more Necromancers
• 1 Mortis Engine

ABILITIES

Unearthly Focus: In your hero phase, each WIZARD from the Lords of
Sacrament may cast an additional spell whilst they are within 6" of the battalion’s
Mortis Engine.

Swirling Spirits: In the shooting phase, add 1 to save rolls for units from the Lords
of Sacrament whilst they are within 6" of the battalion’s Mortis Engine.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

DEATH

DEATHMARCH

A relentless wall of bone and ancient steel, the Deathmarch follows its undead king into war, its crypt-
cursed blades and ancient spears ready to bring death to the races of the realms.

ORGANISATION

A Deathmarch consists of the
following units:

• 1 WIGHT KING

• 1 unit of Black Knights
• 1 unit of Grave Guard
• 3 units of Skeleton Warriors

ABILITIES

Unbreaking Ranks: At the start of your hero phase, you can return 1 slain model
to each Deathmarch unit that is within 9" of the battalion’s WIGHT KING .

March of the Dead: In your hero phase, the WIGHT KING and all units from his
Deathmarch that are within 9" of him can make a move of up to 4" as if it were your
Movement phase (models cannot run as part of this move).


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

CASTELLANS OF THE CRIMSON KEEP

DEATH

Temporarily released from the confines of their cursed citadel, Prince Vhordrai and his loyal retinue
of lancers fall upon the foe with desperate hunger, glutting themselves upon blood and slaughter.

ORGANISATION

The Castellans of the Crimson
Keep battalion consist of the
following units:

• Prince Vhordrai
• 3 or more units of Blood Knights

ABILITIES

The Shifting Keep: At the start of the game, after territories have been determined,
but before any units have been set up, pick a battlefield edge. Instead of setting up
this battalion, you may place it to one side and say that it is set up in the Crimson
Keep. At the end of any of your movement phases you may set up any units from
this battalion wholly within 6" of the chosen battlefield edge and more than 9" from
enemy models.

In the Shadow of the Keep: Whilst they are within 15" of the battlefield edge
picked as described in the Shifting Keep ability above, you can re-roll failed hit rolls
for the Templar Lances or Blades used by units of Blood Knights in this battalion.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

LEGION OF BLOOD

COURT OF NULAHMIA

Vampire courtiers and generals high in Queen Neferata’s regard are rewarded with a place at her side
in battle, and the honour of sampling the intoxicating brews of her favoured Sanguinarchs.

ORGANISATION

ABILITIES

The Court of Nulahmia consists of
the following units:

The Adevore: Whilst she is within 9" of this battalion’s Bloodseeker Palanquin, you
may re-roll failed hit rolls for Neferata if the target is an enemy HERO .

• Neferata, Mortarch of Blood

• 2 or more VAMPIRE LORDS

• 1 Bloodseeker Palanquin

Scent of Blood: At the start of your movement phase, units from the Court of
Nulahmia that are within 9" of the battalion’s Bloodseeker Palanquin may add 4" to
their Move characteristic until the end of the phase.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL
BATTALION

LEGION OF NIGHT

NIGHTFALL

PACK

The Mortarch of Night greatly relishes the terror that ensues when a pack of bat-winged Vargheists
smashes into the rear of a stunned enemy formation, ripping and tearing with tooth and claw.

ORGANISATION

The Nightfall Pack consists of the
following:
• Mannfred, Mortarch of Night
• 2 units of Vargheists
• 3 or more units of
Skeleton Warriors

ABILITIES

Swooping Predators: On any turn in which they completed a successful charge
move, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the Murderous Fangs and Talons of this
battalion’s Vargheists.

Call of the Night: If Mannfred uses his Deathly Invocation ability (pg 98) on any
Skeleton Warriors unit from the Nightfall Pack, you may re-roll the D3 result for
that unit.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

NAGASH,

SUPREME

LORD OF THE UNDEAD

DEATH, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER , HERO, PRIEST, WIZARD, NAGASH

KEYWORDS

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Gaze of Nagash

12"

1

3+

2+

-1

D6

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Alakanash

3"

1

3+

2+

-3

D6

Zefet-nebtar

2"

3+

3+

-2

3

Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers

1"

6

5+

4+

-

1

9"

10

16

3+

DESCRIPTION

Nagash is a single model. He fights with Zefet-
nebtar,
the Mortis Blade, and is protected by the
black plates of Morikhane, his magical suit of
armour. Around him swirl the Nine Books of
Nagash, and in one hand he holds Alakanash,
the Staff of Power. Even his deathly Gaze can
strike down the most powerful of foes. Nagash is
accompanied by a host of spirits that fight with
Spectral Claws and Daggers.

FLY

Nagash can fly.

ABILITIES

The Staff of Power : Add Alakanash’s modifier
(listed in the damage table above) to casting and
unbinding rolls for Nagash.

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

Morikhane: Each time a mortal wound is allocated
to Nagash, roll a dice. On a 4+ the mortal wound is
negated. On a 6+ the attacking unit also suffers a
mortal wound.

The Nine Books of Nagash: The Nine Books of

Nagash allow him to cast extra spells in your hero
phase, and unbind extra spells in the enemy hero
phase. The number of extra spells he can attempt
to
cast or unbind is shown on the damage table above.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 5 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units on the battlefield. You
can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated to
each unit you picked (roll separately for each unit).
If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you picked, you may instead return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

Death Magic Incarnate: You can re-roll any

of the D3 rolls when using Nagash’s Deathly
Invocation ability (above).

MAGIC

Nagash is a WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast
three spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind three spells in the enemy hero phase. In
addition, he can attempt
to cast or unbind extra
spells with the Nine Books of Nagash. He knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield, Hand of Dust and
Soul Stealer spells, as well as any spells known by
other DEATH WIZARDS on the battlefield.

HAND OF DUST

It is said that the touch of Nagash can wither and
age any mortal, turning them to little more than a
pile of dusty bones in mere moments.

Hand of Dust has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy model within 3"
the caster. Then, take a dice and hide it in one of
your hands. Your opponent must pick one of your
hands. If they pick the one holding the dice, the
spell has no effect. If they pick the empty hand, the
enemy model is slain.

SOUL STEALER

Soul Stealer has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 24" of the caster
that is visible to them and roll two dice. If the total
is greater than that unit’s Bravery characteristic,
it suffers D3 mortal wounds. If the total is at least
double the unit’s Bravery,
it suffers D6 mortal
wounds instead. For each mortal wound inflicted
on the target, heal 1 wound that has been allocated
to the caster.

COMMAND ABILITY
Supreme Lord of Death: If Nagash uses this

ability,
then until your next hero phase you can re-
roll hit and save rolls of 1 for all friendly DEATH
units. In addition, do not take battleshock tests for
DEATH units affected by this ability.

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds

Suffered

The Nine Books of Nagash

Zefet-nebtar

Alakanash

0-3

Cast and unbind 5 extra spells

6

+3 cast /+3 unbind

4-6

Cast and unbind 4 extra spells

5

+3 cast /+2 unbind

7-10

Cast and unbind 3 extra spells

4

+2 cast /+2 unbind

11-13

Cast and unbind 2 extra spells

3

+2 cast /+1 unbind

14+

Cast and unbind 1 extra spell

2

+1 cast /+1 unbind

Nagash is the God of Death, immortal and ancient beyond mortal reckoning. When the Great Necromancer takes to the battlefield, the
earth writhes as scores of undead warriors crawl forth from the grave to serve their eternal master. As his minions advance, Nagash
sends tempests of pure death magic roaring through the ranks of his foes, tearing the very souls from their mortal frames.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ARKHAN THE BLACK, MORTARCH OF SACRAMENT

Arkhan the Black is a master of necromantic magic and the most trusted servant of Nagash. Roiling clouds of deathly magic swirl
about the skeletal form of the Mortarch of Sacrament as he rides to war upon his dread abyssal Razarak, unleashing soul-rending
torrents of balefire and withering his foes to dust with a muttered curse.

11

4+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Zefet-kar

Khenash-an

Razarak’s Ebon Claws

Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers

1"

2"

1"

1"

1

1

6

3+

4+

4+

5+

3+

3+

3+

4+

-1

-1

-2

-

D3

D3

2

1

Wounds

Suffered

0-2

3-4

5-6

7-8

9+

Move

16"

13"

10"

7"

4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Ebon Claws

6

5

4

3

2

Khenash-an

+2 cast /+2 unbind

+2 cast /+1 unbind

+1 cast /+1 unbind

+1 cast

-

DESCRIPTION

Arkhan the Black is a single model. He fights with
Zefet-kar,
the Tomb Blade. Arkhan also carries
Khenash-an, the Staff of Spirits – an arcane
artefact that stores the magical energy Arkhan
uses to empower his spells. He is mounted on
the back of Razarak , a dread abyssal that strikes
down Arkhan’s
foes with its Ebon Claws. Arkhan
is accompanied by a host of spirits that fight with
Spectral Claws and Daggers.

FLY

Arkhan the Black can fly.

ABILITIES

Feaster of Souls: At the end of any combat phase
in which Arkhan slew any models, you can heal 2
wounds that have been allocated to him.

The Staff of Spirits: Add Khenash-an’s modifier
(listed in the damage table above) to casting and
unbinding rolls for Arkhan.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 4 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 18" of Arkhan.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you picked, you may instead return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

Mortarch of Sacrament: You can re-roll any

of the D3 rolls when using Arkhan’s Deathly
Invocation ability (above).

Frightful Touch: Each time you roll a hit roll of
6+ for the Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

MAGIC

Arkhan the Black is a WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Curse of
Years spells. Arkhan also knows the spells of any
DEATH WIZARD that is within 18" of him.

CURSE OF YEARS

Tracing a spiteful gesture in the air, Arkhan curses
the enemy to age at an incredible rate.

Curse of Years has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them and roll ten dice.
For each roll of 6, that unit suffers a mortal wound
and you can roll an extra dice. For each roll of
5+ on these extra dice, the target suffers another
mortal wound and you can roll another dice. Now,
for each roll of 4+, the target suffers another mortal
wound and you can roll another dice. Keep rolling
dice in this way,
inflicting mortal wounds and
reducing the roll needed to cause them by 1 each
time, until either no wounds are inflicted or the
target unit is destroyed.

COMMAND ABILITY
First of the Mortarchs: If Arkhan the Black uses

this ability,
then until the end of the hero phase all
friendly DEATH WIZARDS within 18" of him
can increase the range of their spells by 6".

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, MORTARCH, ARKHAN


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

MANNFRED, MORTARCH OF NIGHT

Mannfred von Carstein is as devious as he is deadly, a hate-filled creature of the night who delights in sowing terror and confusion
amongst his prey. Countless are the mortal souls who have died in agony at the vampire’s feet, hacked apart by Gheistvor, Sword of
Unholy Power, or torn apart and devoured by his abyssal mount, Ashigaroth.

11

4+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Gheistvor

Sick le-glaive

Ashigaroth’s Ebon Claws

Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers

1"

2"

1"

1"

4

2

6

3+

3+

4+

5+

3+

3+

3+

4+

-1

-1

-2

-

D3

2

2

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Ebon Claws

Vigour of Undeath

6

5

4

3

2

15"

12"

9"

6"

3"

MAGIC

Mannfred is a WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast
two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Wind of
Death spells.

WIND OF DEATH

Mannfred sends forth a gust of spectral wind that
tears the souls from the bodies of any who feel
its chilling bite.

Wind of Death has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy model within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Each enemy
unit within 6" of that model suffers 1 mortal
wound, while the model’s own unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITY

Vigour of Undeath: If Mannfred uses this ability,
then until your next hero phase you can re-roll
hit and wound rolls of 1 for friendly DEATH
units that are within the range shown on the
damage table.

Wounds

Suffered

0-2

3-4

5-6

7-8

9+

Move

16"

13"

10"

7"

4"

Mortarch of Night: If Mannfred successfully cast
any spells during your hero phase, you can add 1
to all hit and wound rolls for Gheistvor until your
next hero phase.

Frightful Touch: Each time you roll a hit roll of
6+ for the Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 4 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 18" of Mannfred.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you picked, you may instead return a number of
slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

DESCRIPTION

Mannfred, Mortarch of Night,
is a single model.
He is armed with Gheistvor,
the Sword of Unholy
Power, and a Sickle-glaive. He also wears the
Armour of Templehof and is mounted on the back
of Ashigaroth – a dread abyssal that strikes down
the vampire’s
foes with its Ebon Claws. Mannfred
is accompanied by a host of spirits that fight with
Spectral Claws and Daggers.

FLY

Mannfred can fly.

ABILITIES

Feaster of Souls: At the end of any combat phase in
which Mannfred slew any models, you can heal 2
wounds that have been allocated to him.

Armour of Templehof: The first wound or mortal
wound allocated to Mannfred each turn is negated.

Sword of Unholy Power : If Mannfred causes any

wounds to be allocated using Gheistvor in the
combat phase, you can add 1 to the next casting or
unbinding roll you make for Mannfred.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, MORTARCH, MANNFRED


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

NEFERATA, MORTARCH OF BLOOD

Queen Neferata is a being of dark beauty and overwhelming majesty, a true monarch of the undead. So entranced are the Mortarch of
Blood’s victims that they can barely aim their clumsy sword-strokes. With a predator’s smile, Neferata weaves her way through their
pitiful attacks, opening veins with her wicked dagger or blasting the life from foes with a hail of dark magic.

11

4+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Akmet-har

Aken-seth

Nagadron’s Skeletal Claws

Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers

1"

1"

1"

1"

5

2

6

2+

2+

4+

5+

3+

3+

3+

4+

-1

-2

-2

-

1

2

2

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Skeletal Claws

Twilight’s Allure

6

5

4

3

2

15"

12"

9"

6"

3"

MAGIC

Neferata is a WIZARD . She can attempt
to cast
two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase. She
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Dark
Mist spells.

DARK MIST

At her arcane command, tendrils of dark mist coil
around Neferata’s minions, turning their corporeal
forms as insubstantial as smoke.

Dark Mist has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick a friendly DEATH unit within 18" of
the caster. Until your next hero phase, that unit
can fly and you must ignore modifiers (positive or
negative) when making save rolls for the unit.

COMMAND ABILITY

Twilight’s Allure: If Neferata uses this ability,
then
until your next hero phase subtract 1 from hit rolls
for enemy units that are within the range shown on
the damage table.

Wounds

Suffered

0-2

3-4

5-6

7-8

9+

Move

16"

13"

10"

7"

4"

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Spirits’ Spectral Claws and Daggers,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 4 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 18" of Neferata.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

DESCRIPTION

Neferata is a single model. She is armed with
Akmet-har,
the Dagger of Jet, in one hand, and
carries Aken-seth, the Staff of Pain,
in the other.
She is mounted on the back of Nagadron, a dread
abyssal that strikes down Neferata’s
foes with
its Skeletal Claws. Neferata is accompanied by
a host of spirits that fight with Spectral Claws
and Daggers.

FLY

Neferata can fly.

ABILITIES

Dagger of Jet: If a model is allocated any wounds
from attacks made using Akmet-har but is not
slain, roll a dice after Neferata has finished making
all of her attacks. On a 6+ that model is slain.

Mortarch of Blood: At the end of any combat
phase in which Neferata slew any models, you can
heal 2 wounds that have been allocated to her. If
Neferata slew any enemy HERO models this turn,
you may heal 1 additional wound allocated to her.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, MORTARCH, NEFERATA


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

PRINCE VHORDRAI

Prince Vhordrai is bound to the Crimson Keep, a cursed citadel that can materialise from the ruins of shattered castles. The vampire
may only escape his prison to prey upon the living for a short while, and so he fights with desperate savagery, spitting foes upon his
Bloodlance and savouring their gushing blood, even as his Zombie Dragon, Shordemaire, devours its fill of fresh meat.

14

3+

10

MELEE WEAPONS

Bloodlance

Shordemaire’s Maw

Shordemaire’s Sword-like Claws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

3"

2"

4

3

3+

4+

4+

3+

3+

3+

-2

-2

-1

2

D6

2

Wounds

Suffered

0-3

4-6

7-9

10-12

13+

Move

14"

12"

10"

8"

6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Breath of Shyish

Sword-like

Claws

6

D6

3

D3

1

7

6

5

4

3

DESCRIPTION

Prince Vhordrai
is a single model. He wields
an ancient Bloodlance, and is mounted on the
Zombie Dragon, Shordemaire, which rips apart the
vampire’s
foes with its Sword-like claws and fanged
Maw. Shordemaire’s breath – dubbed the Breath
of Shyish by its master – can cause its prey to age
decades in the span of a heartbeat.

FLY

Prince Vhordrai can fly.

ABILITIES

The Hunger : At the end of any combat phase in
which Prince Vhordrai slew any enemy models,
you can heal 1 wound that has been allocated
to him.

Chalice of Blood: Once per battle,

in your hero
phase, you can heal D6 wounds that have been
allocated to Prince Vhordrai.

Bloodlance Charge: If Prince Vhordrai

completed a charge this turn, increase the Damage
characteristic of his Bloodlance to 3.

Breath of Shyish: Pick an enemy unit within 8"
of this model that is visible to it. Then roll a dice,
adding 1 to the result if this model slew any enemy
models in the previous combat phase. On a 3+ that
unit suffers a number of mortal wounds as shown
on the damage table above.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 3 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 12" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

MAGIC

Prince Vhordrai
is a WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
He knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Quickblood spells.

QUICKBLOOD

Prince Vhordrai ca l ls upon the power of the
ancient curse running through his veins,
lending
strength and shocking speed to his str ikes.

Quickblood has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, add 1 to hit and wound rolls for the caster
until your next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITY

Fist of Nagash: If Prince Vhordrai uses this ability,
pick a friendly DEATH HERO within 14" of him
(you cannot choose Prince Vhordrai). That hero
can immediately either be chosen to pile in and
attack as if it were the combat phase, or if it is a
WIZARD , attempt
to cast a spell in addition to
any others they can attempt
to cast this phase.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, ZOMBIE DRAGON, MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, PRINCE VHORDRAI


PAGEBREAK
Prince Vhordrai is venerated by the Blood Knights as a saint of slaughter,
and it is regarded as a great honour to ride at his side, bringing ruin and
terror to the mortal races of the Eight Realms.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

MORGHAST HARBINGERS

Morghast Harbingers are Nagash’s weapons of vengeance, skeletal angels of death whose task is to obliterate those who have crossed
the God of Death. These winged undead swoop from the skies upon trails of spectral matter to slam into their quarry, cutting down
their terrified foes with brutal strikes from their spectral blades, which rend the soul as easily as they carve through flesh.

6

9"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Spirit Swords

Spirit Halberd

1"

2"

5

3

3+

3+

3+

3+

-1

-2

2

3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Morghast Harbingers has any number of
models. They are armed with brutal Spirit Halberds
or a pair of Spirit Swords.

ABILITIES
Heralds of the Accursed One: Subtract 1 from the

Bravery characteristic of enemy units whilst they
are within 6" of any MORGHASTS .

FLY

Morghast Harbingers can fly.

Harbingers of Death: When making a charge roll
for this unit, you may roll 3 dice instead of 2. In
addition, you can declare a charge for this unit if it
is within 18" of the enemy rather than 12".

KEYWORDS

DEATH, REANIMANT, MORGHAST, DEATHLORDS, MORGHAST HARBINGERS

WARSCROLL

MORGHAST ARCHAI

The Morghast Archai were crafted by Nagash himself to act as both personal guard and executioners. They soar into battle like omens
of death, ignoring the feeble strikes and missiles that deflect from their soul-forged armour as they claim the heads of traitors and
marked enemies with every arcing swing of their spectral weapons.

6

9"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Spirit Halberd

Spirit Swords

2"

1"

3

5

3+

3+

3+

3+

-2

-1

3

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Morghast Archai has any number
of models. They are armed with brutal Spirit
Halberds or a pair of Spirit Swords, and wear
Ebon-wrought Armour.

FLY

Morghast Archai can fly.

ABILITIES
Heralds of the Accursed One: Subtract 1 from the

Bravery characteristic of enemy units whilst they
are within 6" of any MORGHASTS .

Ebon-wrought Armour : Each time you allocate a
mortal wound to this unit, roll a dice. On a 5+ the
mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, REANIMANT, MORGHAST, DEATHLORDS, MORGHAST ARCHAI


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SOULBLIGHT, ZOMBIE DRAGON, MONSTER , HERO, WIZARD, VAMPIRE LORD

VAMPIRE

LORD ON ZOMBIE DRAGON

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Pestilential Breath

9"

1

3+

-3

D6

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Deathlance

1"

3

3+

3+

-1

2

Vampiric Sword

1"

4

3+

3+

-1

D3

Zombie Dragon’s Maw

3"

3

4+

3+

-2

D6

Zombie Dragon’s Sword-like Claws

2"

4+

3+

-1

2

DESCRIPTION

A Vampire Lord on Zombie Dragon is a single
model. Many of these Vampire Lords wield a
Deathlance for maximum damage on the charge,
whilst others slash their foes with a Vampiric
Sword. Some carr y an Ancient Shield emblazoned
with dark heraldry, and a few also bear a Chalice
of Blood. Each is mounted on a cadaverous Zombie
Dragon which rips apart its foes with its Sword-like
Claws and fanged Maw, and its Pestilential Breath
can strip flesh from bone.

FLY

Vampire Lords on Zombie Dragons can fly.

ABILITIES

Pestilential Breath: Roll a dice when you attack
with the Zombie Dragon’s Pestilential Breath. If
the result is equal to or less than the number of
models in the target unit, the attack scores a hit
without needing to make a hit roll.

The Hunger : At the end of any combat phase in
which this model slew any enemy models, you can
heal 1 wound that has been allocated to this model.

Deathlance Charge: If this model completed
a charge this turn, increase the Damage
characteristic of its Deathlance to 3.

Ancient Shield: A model with an Ancient Shield
has a Save characteristic of 3+.

Chalice of Blood: If this model has a Chalice of
Blood, then once per battle in your hero phase, you
can heal D6 wounds that have been allocated to it.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 3 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 12" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

MAGIC

A Vampire Lord on Zombie Dragon is a
WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast one spell in
your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell
in the enemy hero phase. He knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Blood Boil spells.

BLOOD BOIL

The Vampire Lord utters a curse that causes his
foe’s blood to boil in their veins.

Blood Boil has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 18" of the caster
that is visible to them. That unit suffers a mortal
wound. If a model was allocated any wounds
caused by this spell but was not slain, roll another
dice. On a 4+ that model suffers another mortal
wound. If the model is sti l l not slain, roll another
dice. It wi l l suffer another mortal wound on a 4+.
Keep rolling dice in this way until either the model
is slain or you fail to cause a mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITY

Dread Knight: If this model uses this ability, pick
a friendly DEATH unit within 15" of it. Until your
next hero phase, you can re-roll failed hit rolls for
that unit.

10

14

4+

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds

Suffered

Move

Pestilential

Breath

Sword-like

Claws

0-3

14"

2+

7

4-6

12"

3+

6

7-9

10"

4+

5

10-12

8"

5+

4

13+

6"

6+

3

Many Vampire Lords see undead dragons as the only mounts worthy to bear them into battle. Sitting astride these cadaverous
monsters, they soar into the fray, hacking and slicing with wicked blades or spitting helpless victims upon their great lances. Those
not slain by the Vampire rider are crushed and torn apart by its steed, or withered to nothing by the creature’s pestilential breath.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLOOD KNIGHTS

These undead cavaliers are a vision of martial glory, bedecked in crimson armour and wielding fabulously ornate weapons. The Blood
Knights strike the enemy line with bone-cracking force, nightmarish steeds crushing the foe beneath their stamping hooves even as
their vampiric riders open throats and remove heads with every slice of their gleaming blades.

3

10"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Templar Lance or Blade

Nightmare’s Hooves and Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

3

2

3+

4+

3+

4+

-1

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Blood Knights has 5 or more models.
Blood Knights are armed with Templar Lances or
Blades and carr y Bloodshields. They are mounted
on Nightmares that attack the enemy with their
Hooves and Teeth.

KASTELLAN

The leader of this unit is a Kastellan. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Kastellan’s Templar
Lance or Blade.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit may be Standard Bearers.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units whilst they are within 6" of any
DEATH Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit may be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can always move
up to 6" when it charges, unless its charge roll
is higher.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, BLOOD KNIGHTS

ABILITIES

The Hunger : At the end of any combat phase in
which this unit slew any models, you can heal 1
wound that has been allocated to it.

Martial Fur y : If this unit completed a charge this
turn, increase the Damage characteristic of its
Templar Lances or Blades to D3.

Bloodshields: Add 1 to the save rolls for a unit
carr y ing Bloodshields against attacks that have a
Rend characteristic of ‘-’.

VARGHEISTS

Vargheists are the animal hunger in a vampire’s soul unleashed. All semblance of reason or sophistication has been replaced by pure,
bestial ferocity, and they care only to gorge themselves upon the blood of the living. These leather-winged horrors leap upon their prey
with unrestrained savagery, tearing them to bloody shreds and feasting upon the rivers of gore that spill forth.

4

12"

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Murderous Fangs and Talons

1"

3

3+

3+

-1

2

DESCRIPTION

VARGOYLE

A unit of Vargheists has 3 or more models. They
tear their prey apart in a savage frenzy with their
Murderous Fangs and Talons.

The leader of this unit is a Vargoyle. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Vargoyle’s Murderous
Fangs and Talons.

FLY

Vargheists can fly.

ABILITIES
Blood-maddened Feeding Frenzy : Each time

a model from this unit slays an enemy model,
roll a dice. On a 6+ it can immediately make one
additional attack against the same unit.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, VARGHEISTS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BAT SWARMS

Flocks of blood-hungry carrion bats often follow the armies of death to war, falling upon enemy troops in a tearing, beating cloud,
sinking their teeth into veins and arteries to sup on the warm blood within. Few are the warriors who can maintain formation and
discipline in the face of this agonising swarm.

5

12"

10

-

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-sharp Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"

5

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A Bat Swarm can have any number of models. The
bats descend upon the battlefield in a screeching
cloud of flapping leathery wings and Razor-sharp
Teeth, crawling between their victims’ armour
joints and draining them of their life-essence.

FLY

Bat Swarms can fly.

ABILITIES

Cloud of Horror : Subtract 1 from hit rolls for
enemy units that are within 12" of any Bat Swarms
in the shooting phase.

Blood Suckers: At the end of any combat phase in
which this unit caused any wounds to be allocated
to any enemy models, you can heal all wounds that
have been allocated to this unit.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SOULBLIGHT, SUMMONABLE, BAT SWARMS

FELL BATS

Fell Bats are carrion-eating vermin that have grown bloated and huge from feasting upon rotting corpses. Larger than an adult
human, they possess strong jaws and razor-sharp fangs powerful enough to crush their prey’s skull with a single bite. The mere scent of
fresh blood drives these horrid creatures into a vicious frenzy.

3

14"

10

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Elongated Fangs

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

3

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Fell Bats has 3 or more models. The beasts
slice open their prey’s flesh with Elongated Fangs
before gorging on the gushing lifeblood in horrific,
slurping draughts.

Scent of Gore: If an enemy model is slain within
6" of this unit,
increase the Attacks characteristic
of this unit’s Elongated Fangs to 6 for the rest of
the battle.

FLY

Fell Bats can fly.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SOULBLIGHT, SUMMONABLE, FELL BATS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

VAMPIRE

LORD

Vampire Lords are amongst the most powerful and fearsome undead creatures, possessing eternal life, unnatural speed and strength,
and a ceaseless craving for fresh blood. Over their long centuries of existence they have mastered the martial arts, and in battle they
are a whirlwind of devastation, car v ing foes apart with contemptuous ease or summoning dark magic to tear the life from their bodies.

5

5"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Spirit-possessed Blades

Nightmare’s Hooves and Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

4

2

3+

4+

3+

4+

-1

-

D3

1

DESCRIPTION

A Vampire Lord is a single model. Each is armed
with Spirit-possessed Blades, and some bear an
enchanted Chalice of Blood into battle.

NIGHTMARE

Some Vampire Lords are mounted on a Nightmare
steed; these have a Move of 10" rather than 5", and
can attack with the Nightmare’s Hooves and Teeth.

FLYING HORROR

Some Vampire Lords have membranous wings;
these have a Move of 10" and can fly.

ABILITIES

The Hunger : At the end of any combat phase in
which this model slew any enemy models, you can
heal 1 wound that has been allocated to it.

Chalice of Blood: If this model has a Chalice of
Blood, then once per battle in your hero phase, you
can heal D6 wounds that have been allocated to it.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 3 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 12" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

MAGIC

A Vampire Lord is a WIZARD . They can attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. They
know the Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells.

COMMAND ABILITY

Blood Feast: If this model uses this ability, pick a
friendly DEATH unit within 15" of it. Models in
that unit make one extra attack with each of their
melee weapons until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, HERO, WIZARD, VAMPIRE LORD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLOODSEEKER

PALANQUIN

A Bloodseeker Palanquin is the dread conveyance of a Sanguinarch, an honoured vampire who seeks only the richest and most potent
blood to sample. Leashed spirits and wailing banshees swirl about this construction of sinew and bone, and mounted at the front is a
cauldron containing the Sanguinarch’s finest concoction, an elixir utterly intoxicating to her Soulblight kin.

12

4+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Wail of the Damned

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Sanguinarch’s Bloodletting Blade

Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons

1"

1"

4

3+

5+

3+

4+

-1

-

D3

1

Wounds

Suffered

Move

Wail of

the Damned

Spectral Host

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

14"

12"

10"

8"

4"

9"

8"

7"

6"

5"

12

10

8

6

4

DESCRIPTION

A Bloodseeker Palanquin is a single model. The
Sanguinarch strikes at nearby foes with her
Bloodletting Blade. She is mounted on a palanquin
carried by a swirling Spectral Host that fights
with shimmering Ethereal Weapons. Above the
palanquin, the tortured banshee spirits of failed
assistants scream a Wail of the Damned, while
scanning the battlefield for choice specimens.

FLY

Bloodseeker Palanquins can fly.

MAGIC

The Sanguinarch on a Bloodseeker Palanquin is
a WIZARD . She can attempt
to cast one spell in
your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell
in the enemy hero phase. She knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Blood Siphon spells.

BLOOD SIPHON

With a contemptuous gesture, the Sanguinarch
drains a torrent of blood from their victim’s eyes,
nose and mouth.

Blood Siphon has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy HERO within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them and roll a dice.
On a 1-3 the hero suffers a mortal wound. On a 4-5
the hero suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6 the hero
suffers D6 mortal wounds.

ABILITIES

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

A Fine Vintage: If an enemy HERO is slain

within 9" of this model, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of any melee weapons used by
friendly SOULBLIGHT units within 12" of this
model until your next hero phase.

Wail of the Damned: When making a Wail of the
Damned attack, roll two dice for each enemy unit
within the range shown on the damage table. If the
total is higher than that unit’s Bravery,
it suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 2 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 6" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, MALIGNANT, HERO, WIZARD, BLOODSEEKER PALANQUIN


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

COVEN THRONE

Borne aloft by wailing spirits, a Vampire Queen’s Coven Throne flies ominously over the battlefield, guided by the visions of her
Handmaidens. Nearby mortals are left dazed and helpless as they gaze upon the dark beauty of its immortal occupants. The Vampire
Queen snatches up those she finds appealing, draining them dr y before hurling their pale, bloodless corpses to the ground.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

12

4+

10

Vampire Queen’s Predatory Bite

Vampire Queen’s Stiletto

Handmaidens’ Needle-sharp Poniards

Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons

1"

1"

1"

1"

1

4

3+

3+

3+

5+

4+

3+

3+

4+

-

-1

-

-

D3

1

1

1

Wounds

Suffered

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

Move

14"

12"

10"

8"

4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Handmaidens

Spectral Host

8

7

6

5

4

12

10

8

6

4

DESCRIPTION

A Coven Throne is a single model. A beautiful
Vampire Queen reclines on the throne, str iking
at any foe that approaches her with her Stiletto
or draining them with her Predatory Bite. She
is mounted on a Coven Throne, attended by two
Pallid Handmaidens that fight with Needle-sharp
Poniards and protected by a swirling Spectral Host
that fights with shimmering Ethereal Weapons.

FLY

Coven Thrones can fly.

ABILITIES

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

Scr y ing Pool: Once per game, you can re-roll a
single dice roll of your choice for this model.

The Hunger : At the end of any combat phase in
which this model slew any enemy models, you can
heal 1 wound that has been allocated to it. If this
model slew any enemy HERO models this turn,
you may heal 1 additional wound allocated to it.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 3 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 12" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

MAGIC

The Vampire Queen on a Coven Throne is a
WIZARD . She can attempt
to cast one spell in
your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell
in the enemy hero phase. She knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Beguile spells.

BEGUILE

Staring into her prey’s eyes, the caster clouds their
minds and steals their hearts.

Beguile has a casting value of 6. If successfully cast,
pick an enemy unit within 12" of the caster that
is visible to them and roll three dice. If the total
is higher than that unit’s Bravery,
then until your
next hero phase the caster cannot be selected as
the target of any attacks made by that unit or spells
cast by that unit.

COMMAND ABILITY

Tactical Insight: If this model uses this ability,
pick a friendly DEATH unit within 12" of it. You
can re-roll hit, wound and save rolls of 1 for that
unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, VAMPIRE, SOULBLIGHT, MALIGNANT, HERO, WIZARD, COVEN THRONE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

MORTIS

ENGINE

This nightmarish engine bears a reliquary containing the remains of a dead Necromancer. An intense aura of death magic surrounds
this profane relic, bolstering the spells and rituals of nearby Deathmages. As this lodestone of necromantic power soars across the
battlefield, the banshees and tortured spirits bound to its frame lash out at the living with spectral blades.

12

4+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Wail of the Damned

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Corpsemaster’s Mortis Staff

Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons

1"

1"

1

4+

5+

3+

4+

-1

-

D3

1

Wounds

Suffered

Move

Wail of

the Damned

Ethereal Weapons

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

14"

12"

10"

8"

4"

9"

8"

7"

6"

5"

12

10

8

6

4

The Reliquar y : Once per battle,
in your hero
phase, you can declare that the Corpsemaster wi l l
unleash the energies stored in the reliquary. When
you do so, roll four dice and add the scores together
to determine the range of this ability. Each unit
within range is struck by a wave of necromantic
force. DEATH units that are struck heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to them, while
any other unit struck suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Bound Necromancer : Add 1 to casting rolls for
DEATH WIZARDS within 12" of any Mortis
Engines. Subtract 1 from casting rolls for ORDER ,

DESTRUCTION and CHAOS WIZARDS

within 12" of any Mortis Engines.

ABILITIES

Wail of the Damned: When making a Wail of the
Damned attack, roll two dice for each enemy unit
within the range shown on the damage table. If the
total is higher than that unit’s Bravery,
it suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Spectral Host’s Ethereal Weapons,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

DESCRIPTION

A Mortis Engine is a single model. At its heart
is an ancient reliquary containing an inanimate
Necromancer ; the dark aura that radiates from it is
a boon to nearby practitioners of death magic and
a curse to all other spellcasters. The Mortis Engine
is watched over by a deathless Corpsemaster,
who attacks any who approach too closely with a
gnarled Mortis Staff. At great need, he can open
the triple-locked reliquary, visiting its devastating
energies upon the foe. He is protected by a swirling
Spectral Host that fights with shimmering Ethereal
Weapons, while above the Mortis Engine a cloud
of banshees scream a Wail of the Damned, cursing
those who hear it to a maddened demise.

FLY

Mortis Engines can fly.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, DEATHMAGES, MORTIS ENGINE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

NECROMANCER

Necromancers have sacrificed ever ything in pursuit of the most forbidden lore, gaining mastery over the dead in exchange for their
mortal soul. With a gesture they bring rotting corpses and skeletal warriors crawling up from the grave, binding them to their ser vice.

5

5"

10

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Necromancer’s Staff

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1

4+

3+

-1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Necromancer is a single model. He is armed with
a Necromancer’s Staff.

ABILITIES

Undead Minions: Before you allocate a
wound to this model, you may pick a friendly
SUMMONABLE unit within 3" and roll a dice.
On a 4+ the wound is allocated to that unit instead.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 2 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 6" of this model.

You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

MAGIC

A Necromancer is a WIZARD . He can attempt
to cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Vanhel’s
Danse Macabre spells.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, NECROMANCER , DEATHMAGES, HERO, WIZARD

VANHEL’S DANSE MACABRE

The undead are filled with magical energy that
causes them to jerk forwards and attack with
tireless, unnatural speed.

Vanhel’s Danse Macabre has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick a friendly SUMMONABLE
unit within 18" of the caster. That unit can be
chosen to pile in and attack twice in your next
combat phase.

ZOMBIES

These rotting corpses are animated by necromantic magic. Though slow and clumsy, they will attack their prey with single-minded
tirelessness, ignoring all but the most vicious wounds as they bite and tear at their unfortunate victims. Those they slay are raised in
turn to join the ranks of the shambling horde.

1

4"

10

-

MELEE WEAPONS

Zombie Bite

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Zombies has 10 or more models. They
shamble forwards in a rotting horde before tearing
into exposed flesh with their Zombie Bites.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit may be Standard Bearers.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units whilst they are within 6" of any
DEATH Standard Bearers.

NOISE MAKER

Models in this unit may be Noise Makers. A unit
that includes any Noise Makers can always move
up to 6" when it charges, unless its charge roll
is higher.

ABILITIES
Dragged Down and Torn Apart: You can add 1 to

hit and wound rolls for a unit of Zombies if it has
20 or more models, or 2 if it has 40 or more models.

The Newly Dead: At the end of the combat phase,
roll a dice for each model slain by this unit. For
each roll of a 6, add a Zombie to this unit.

Vigour Mortis: You can add 1 to hit rolls for
this unit whilst it is within 9" of any friendly

CORPSE CARTS .

KEYWORDS

DEATH, ZOMBIE, DEADWALKERS, SUMMONABLE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

CORPSE CART

WITH UNHOLY LODESTONE

Perhaps the most vile creation of the Deathmages is the abomination known as the Corpse Cart, a wagon piled with mutilated corpses
and hauled by shambling Zombies. An Unholy Lodestone rests atop this dread conveyance, radiating a sickening aura of death that
bolsters the vile rituals of nearby Necromancers.

6

4"

10

6+

CORPSE CART WITH UNHOLY

MELEE WEAPONS

Attacks

To Hit

Range

To Wound

Corpsemaster’s Goad

Corpsemaster’s Lash

Zombies’ Rusty Blades

LODESTONE

1"

2"

1"

2

4+

3

2D6

4+

5+

4+

4+

5+

Rend

Damage

-

-

-

1

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A Corpse Cart is a single model. It is controlled
by a Corpsemaster armed with either a wicked
Goad or a cruel Lash, and dragged into battle by
shambling Zombies who attack with Rusty Blades.
Some Corpsemasters also carr y a Cryptsword.
Mounted on the back of the cart is an Unholy
Lodestone, glowing with dark power.

ABILITIES

Unholy Lodestone: Add 1 to casting rolls for
friendly DEATH WIZARDS within 18" of any
Corpse Car ts with an Unholy Lodestone.

Locus of Undeath: Whi lst it is within 6" of this
model, you can re-roll the dice to determine
how many wounds are healed on a friendly
DEATH unit picked as a target of a Deathly
Invocation ability.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, ZOMBIE, DEADWALKERS, CORPSE CART

Cr yptsword: Instead of attacking with his Goad
or Lash in the combat phase, you may declare that
a Corpsemaster with a Cryptsword wi l l attempt
to impale his victim’s
soul. If he does so, pick an
enemy unit within 1" and roll a dice. On a 5+ the
unit you picked suffers a mortal wound.

CORPSE CART WITH BALEFIRE
CORPSE CART
BRAZIER

WITH BALEFIRE BRAZIER

This wagon is fashioned from rotted wood, rusted metal and diseased flesh, and heaped with writhing body parts. Mounted upon its
rear is a brazier that burns with sickening witch-light, unleashing billowing gusts of smoke flecked with realmstone particles. Enemy
wizards that stray into this foul-smelling cloud die choking and screaming, driven to insanity by the corrupting fumes.

6

4"

10

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Corpsemaster’s Goad

Corpsemaster’s Lash

Zombies’ Rusty Blades

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

1"

1"

2

3

2D6

4+

4+

5+

4+

4+

5+

-

-

-

1

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A Corpse Cart is a single model. It is controlled
by a Corpsemaster armed with either a wicked
Goad or a cruel Lash, and dragged into battle by
shambling Zombies who attack with Rusty Blades.
Some Corpsemasters also carr y a Cryptsword.
Mounted on the back of the cart is a Balefire
Brazier that casts its evil glow all around.

ABILITIES

Balefire Brazier : Subtract 1 from casting rolls
for enemy WIZARDS that are within 18" of any
Corpse Car ts with Balefire Braziers.

Malefic Fumes: At the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice for each enemy WIZARD within 6" any
Corpse Car ts with a Balefire Brazier. On a 4+ that
unit suffers a mortal wound.

Cr yptsword: Instead of attacking with his Goad
or Lash in the combat phase, you may declare that
a Corpsemaster with a Cryptsword wi l l attempt
to impale his victim’s
soul. If he does so, pick an
enemy unit within 1" and roll a dice. On a 5+ the
unit you picked suffers a mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, ZOMBIE, DEADWALKERS, CORPSE CART


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

TERRORGHEIST

The Terrorgheist
is a bloodthirsty undead beast that hungrily rips apart its victims in welters of gore. Its piercing cry scythes through
the enemy as it plunges into the fray, snapping and tearing through enemy battle lines. Should the beast be slain, another horror
awaits its foes, as hundreds of shrieking bats burst from its remains to ravage those nearby.

14

4+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Death Shriek

MELEE WEAPONS

Skeletal Claws

Fanged Maw

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

10"

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

3"

4+

4+

3+

3+

3

-1

-2

D3

D6

Wounds

Suffered

0-3

4-6

7-9

10-12

13+

Move

14"

12"

10"

8"

6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Death Shriek

Skeletal Claws

6

5

4

3

2

4

4

3

3

2

DESCRIPTION

A Terrorgheist
is a single model. It wracks its foes
with its Skeletal Claws and rips them in half with
its Fanged Maw. Its piercing Death Shriek can
freeze the lifeblood of those that hear it, k i l ling
them where they stand.

FLY

Terrorgheists can fly.

ABILITIES

Death Shriek: When making a Death Shriek
attack, pick an enemy unit within range and roll
a dice, adding the number shown in the damage
table. If the total is higher than that unit’s Bravery
characteristic,
it suffers a number of mortal
wounds equal to the difference.

Gaping Maw : Each time you make a hit roll of
6+ for this model’s Fanged Maw,
the attack is
automatically successful. Determine damage
normally (do not make a wound or save roll) but
increase the weapon’s Damage characteristic to 6.

Infested: When this model is slain, before
removing the model, each unit (friend or foe)
within 3" of it suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MONSTER , TERRORGHEIST


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ZOMBIE DRAGON

With a deafening roar, the Zombie Dragon dives into battle on tattered wings and darkest magic. Eye sockets aglow with the
necromantic energy that animates it, the beast shreds flesh, bone and steel with equal ease, its massive talons and snapping maw
matched in their lethality only by its billowing pestilential breath.

14

4+

10

MISSILE WEAPONS

Pestilential Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Snapping Maw

Sword-like Claws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

9"

1

3+

-3

D6

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"

2"

3

4+

4+

3+

3+

-2

-1

D6

2

Wounds

Suffered

Move

Pestilential

Breath

Sword-like

Claws

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3

4-6

7-9

10-12

13+

14"

12"

10"

8"

6"

2+

3+

4+

5+

6+

7

6

5

4

3

DESCRIPTION

A Zombie Dragon is a single model. The Zombie
Dragon rips apart its foes with its Sword-like Claws
and Snapping Maw, and its Pestilential Breath can
strip flesh from bone.

FLY

Zombie Dragons can fly.

ABILITIES

Pestilential Breath: Roll a dice when you attack
with the Zombie Dragon’s Pestilential Breath. If the
roll is equal to or less than the number of models
in the target unit, the attack scores a hit without
needing to make a hit roll.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MONSTER , ZOMBIE DRAGON


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

WIGHT KING

WITH BALEFUL TOMB BLADE

Wight Kings are the champions and rulers of the Deathrattle empires, skeletal tyrants whose lust for conquest and slaughter did not
abate upon death. Filled with ancient pride and a blazing hatred of the living, they march at the head of vast undead hosts, hacking
down their foes with contemptuous swipes of their cursed tomb blades.

WIGHT KING WITH BALEFUL TOMB

BLADE

5

4"

10

3+

MELEE WEAPONS

Baleful Tomb Blade

Skeletal Steed’s Hooves and Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

4

2

3+

4+

3+

5+

-1

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

This Wight King is a single model bearing a Baleful
Tomb Blade.

SKELETAL STEED

Some Wight Kings are mounted on Skeletal Steeds.
They have a Move of 12" rather than 4" and can
attack with the steed’s Hooves and Teeth.

ABILITIES

Beheading Strike: If the wound roll for an attack
made with a Baleful Tomb Blade is 6+, that attack
has a Damage characteristic of D3.

unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number
of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 2 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 6" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each

COMMAND ABILITY

Lord of Bones: If this model uses this ability, pick
a friendly DEATHRATTLE unit within 18" of it.
Until your next hero phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons.

KEYWORDS

WIGHT KING WITH BLACK AXE

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHRATTLE, HERO, WIGHT KING

WIGHT KING

WITH BLACK AXE

Called forth from his restless slumber by the promise of conquest and slaughter, this skeletal lord of undeath clutches a massive Black
Axe. This many-notched blade, deconsecrated with the blood of innocents, has sent the souls of countless foes howling into the abyss.

5

4"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Black Axe

1"

4

3+

3+

-1

1

DESCRIPTION

This Wight King is a single model bearing a Black
Axe and wearing a heavy suit of Barrow Armour.

Barrow Armour : Halve the number of wounds
allocated to this model from each attack,
rounding up (the remainder are negated).

ABILITIES

Black Axe: If a model is allocated any wounds from
attacks made using the Black Axe but is not slain,
roll a dice after the Wight King has finished making
all of its attacks. On a 6+ that model is slain.

Deathly Invocation: At the start of your

hero phase, pick up to 2 different friendly
SUMMONABLE units within 6" of this model.
You can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated
to each unit you picked (roll separately for each
unit). If no wounds are currently allocated to a unit
you have picked, you may instead return a number

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHRATTLE, HERO, WIGHT KING

of slain models to it that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of a D3.

COMMAND ABILITY

Lord of Bones: If this model uses this ability, pick
a friendly DEATHRATTLE unit within 18" of it.
Until your next hero phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

BLACK KNIGHTS

These skeletal horsemen charge into battle upon fleshless steeds, slicing into the enemy ranks like a scythe that reaps the living. Their
great lances punch through armour and bone with ease, smashing the life from dozens of enemy soldiers. All that the Black Knights
leave in their wake are ruptured corpses and the chill aura of death.

2

12"

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Barrow Lance

Skeletal Steed’s Hooves and Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

2

2

3+

4+

4+

5+

-

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Black Knights has 5 or more models.
Black Knights are armed with Barrow Lances and
carr y Cr ypt Shields. They ride Skeletal Steeds that
lash out at the enemy with their Hooves and Teeth.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit may be Standard Bearers.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units that are within 6" of any DEATH
Standard Bearers.

HELL KNIGHT

The leader of this unit is a Hell Knight. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of a Hell Knight’s
Barrow Lance.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit may be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can always move up
to 6" when it charges, unless its charge roll is higher.

ABILITIES

Deathly Charge: If this unit completed a charge
this turn, add 1 to its wound rolls and add 1 to the
Damage characteristic of its Barrow Lances.

Cr ypt Shields: You can add 1 to save rolls for this
unit against attacks that have a Rend of ‘-’.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHRATTLE, SUMMONABLE, BLACK KNIGHTS

GRAVE GUARD

Armed with ensorcelled blades and clad in ancient relic armour, the Grave Guard are the elite infantry of tomb and barrow, skeletal
champions who march and slay in perfect formation. Each killing strike from their cursed swords severs the chord between soul and
flesh, dropping the lifeless bodies of their victims to the floor.

1

4"

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Wight Blade

Great Wight Blade

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

2

2

3+

3+

4+

3+

-1

-1

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Grave Guard has 5 or more models. Some
units of Grave Guard are equipped with Wight
Blades and Cr ypt Shields. Others are instead
equipped with two-handed Great Wight Blades.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit may be Standard Bearers.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units whilst they are within 6" of any
DEATH Standard Bearers.

SENESCHAL

ABILITIES

The leader of this unit is a Seneschal. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Seneschal’s Wight Blade
or Great Wight Blade.

Cursed Weapons: If the wound roll for an attack
made with a Wight Blade or Great Wight Blade is
6+, double the Damage characteristic of that attack.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit may be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can always move up
to 6" when it charges, unless its charge roll is higher.

Cr ypt Shields: Add 1 to save rolls for a unit
carr y ing Cr ypt Shields against attacks that have a
Rend characteristic of ‘-’.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHRATTLE, SUMMONABLE, GRAVE GUARD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SKELETON WARRIORS

When a Deathrattle king sends out the call to war, his skeletal thralls respond in their endless multitudes, arming themselves with
ancient, pitted weapons and grasping battered shields. These revenant warriors fight in total silence, butchering the foe without rage,
hatred or mercy for as long as their master wills it.

1

4"

10

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Ancient Blade

Ancient Spear

1"

2"

1

1

4+

5+

4+

4+

-

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Skeleton Warriors has 10 or more models.
Some units are equipped with Ancient Blades,
whilst others go to war with Ancient Spears. Units
of Skeleton Warriors also carr y battered Cr ypt
Shields for protection.

SKELETON CHAMPION

The leader of this unit is a Skeleton Champion.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a Skeleton
Champion’s Ancient Blade or Ancient Spear.

STANDARD BEARER

Models in this unit may be Standard Bearers.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units whilst they are within 6" of any
DEATH Standard Bearers.

HORNBLOWER

Models in this unit may be Hornblowers. A unit
that includes any Hornblowers can always move up
to 6" when it charges, unless its charge roll is higher.

ABILITIES

Serve in Death: Add 1 to hit rolls for Skeleton
Warriors units that are within 18" of any friendly

DEATH HEROES .

Skeleton Legion: Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of this unit’s melee weapons if it has
20 or more models. Add 2 instead if it has 30 or
more models.

Cr ypt Shields: Add 1 to save rolls for a unit
carr y ing Cr ypt Shields against attacks that have a
Rend characteristic of ‘-’.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHRATTLE, SUMMONABLE, SKELETON WARRIORS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

CAIRN WRAITH

The horrors known as Cairn Wraiths were once mass murderers or cruel executioners, mortals who developed such a taste for killing
that upon death their unquiet spirits rose from the underworlds to continue their spree of terror. They reap the souls of the living with
every swing of their spectral scythes, delighting in the fear and suffering they spread amongst the living.

4

6"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Reaper Sc ythe

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

3

4+

3+

-1

2

DESCRIPTION

A Cairn Wraith is a single model. It attacks with a
two-handed Reaper Scythe that har vests the souls
of the enemy with each fell sweep.

FLY

Cairn Wraiths can fly.

ABILITIES

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll of
6+ for a Reaper Scythe, that attack inflicts 2 mortal
wounds instead of the normal damage (do not
make a wound or save roll).

Reaped L ike Corn: If the target unit has 5 or more
models, you can re-roll failed hit rolls for this
model's Reaper Scythe.

Ethereal: Ignore modifiers (positive or negative)
when making save rolls for this model.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, NIGHTHAUNT, HERO, CAIRN WRAITH

TOMB BANSHEE

Tomb Banshees are apparitions of revenge and retribution. For countless lifetimes, these fell spirits have dwelt upon the dark deed
that robbed them of vitality,
love or contentment, becoming bitter and hate-filled. A single piercing scream from a Tomb Banshee is
enough to freeze the life from even the bravest warrior.

4

6"

10

4+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ghostly Howl

MELEE WEAPONS

Chill Dagger

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

10"

1

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

4+

3+

-2

D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Tomb Banshee is a single model. It is equipped
with a Chill Dagger that freezes the heart of its
victim with the merest scratch. A Tomb Banshee
can also emit a Ghostly Howl to petr ify its enemies.

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll of
6+ for a Chill Dagger, that attack inflicts D3 mortal
wounds instead of the normal damage (do not
make a wound or save roll).

FLY

Tomb Banshees can fly.

Ethereal: Ignore modifiers (positive or negative)
when making save rolls for this model.

Ghostly Howl: When making a Ghostly Howl
attack, pick a target within range. Next, roll two
dice and add the scores together. If the total is
higher than that unit’s Bravery characteristic,
it suffers a number of mortal wounds equal to
the difference.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, NIGHTHAUNT, HERO, TOMB BANSHEE


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HEXWRAITHS

Upon ghostly steeds, the Hexwraiths ride straight through their foes, turning blood to ice and snatching souls from screaming
warriors. Once knights both proud and cruel, these ethereal killers relive their glory by visiting pain and death upon the mortal races
of the realms.

2

12"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Spectral Sc ythe

Skeletal Steed’s Hooves and Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

2

2

4+

4+

3+

5+

-1

-

1

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Hexwraiths has 5 or more models armed
with glowing Spectral Scythes and riding Skeletal
Steeds that lash out at the enemy with their Hooves
and Teeth.

FLY

Hexwraiths can fly.

HELLWRAITH

The leader of this unit is a Hellwraith. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of a Hellwraith’s
Spectra l Scythe.

ABILITIES

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for a Spectral Scythe, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound instead of the normal damage (do
not make a wound or save roll).

Ethereal: Ignore modifiers (positive or negative)
when making save rolls for this unit.

Spectral Hunters: In the movement phase,
immediately after this unit has moved, you can
pick an enemy unit that was passed across by any
models from this unit. If you do so, roll a dice for
each Hexwraith that passed across that enemy unit.
For each roll of 5+, that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal
wound.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, NIGHTHAUNT, SUMMONABLE, HEXWRAITHS

BLACK COACH

Driven by a Cairn Wraith and bearing the remains of a slain vampire encased within an ensorcelled coffin, the Black Coach seeks out
sites of great slaughter and suffering, swelling with dark magic as it runs down helpless mortals in an explosion of gore.

7

10"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Cairn Wraith’s Reaper Sc ythe

Nightmares’ Hooves and Teeth

1"

1"

3

4

4+

4+

3+

4+

-1

-

2

1

DESCRIPTION

A Black Coach is a single model. It is driven by a
Cairn Wraith armed with a massive two-handed
Reaper Scythe, and is pulled along by skeletal
Nightmares that lash out at the foe with their
Hooves and Teeth.

ABILITIES

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for the Cairn Wraith’s Reaper Scythe, that
attack inflicts 2 mortal wounds instead of the
normal damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

Reaped L ike Corn: If the target unit has 5 or more
models, you can re-roll failed hit rolls for the Cairn
Wraith’s Reaper Scythe.

Evocation of Death: In your hero phase, roll a dice
for each friendly DEATH WIZARD within 12"
of this model. For each roll of 6, the Black Coach
gains a level of power for the rest of the battle; these
are cumulative and grant the following abilities:

First Level – Gleaming Sc ythes: After this model
completes a charge, pick an enemy unit within 1" of
this model. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, NIGHTHAUNT, HERO, BLACK COACH

Second Level – Unholy Vigour : This model has a
Move characteristic of 14" instead of 10".

Third Level – Witch-fire: Add 1 to hit rolls for
this model.

Fourth Level – Howling Winds: This model can fly.

Fifth Level – Nimbus of Darkness: This model
can attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero
phase as if it were a WIZARD .


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

SPIRIT HOSTS

Swirling above the massed armies of death come the Spirit Hosts. These are the souls of the damned, stripped of body and identity,
screaming endlessly for the life they have lost. They long to take out their tormented rage upon the living, and the very touch of their
spectral claws can turn blood to ice, or stop a heart from beating.

3

6"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Spectral Claws and Daggers

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

6

5+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Spirit Hosts has 3 or more models. The
spirits rend the souls of mortals with their Spectral
Claws and Daggers.

FLY

Spirit Hosts can fly.

ABILITIES

Ethereal: Ignore modifiers (positive or negative)
when making save rolls for this unit.

Frightful Touch: Each time you make a hit roll
of 6+ for Spectral Claws and Daggers, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound instead of the normal
damage (do not make a wound or save roll).

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MALIGNANT, NIGHTHAUNT, SUMMONABLE, SPIRIT HOSTS

DIRE WOLVES

Dire Wolves are the rotting carcasses of dead beasts raised by necromantic magic, tireless and eternally ravenous. Their bottomless
reserves of stamina allow them to track prey over hundreds of miles, never ceasing the chase until they feel the crunch of their
quarry ’s bones between their rotting teeth.

2

10"

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Rotting Fangs and Claws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Dire Wolves has 5 or more models. They
savage their terrified prey with Rotting Fangs
and Claws.

DOOM WOLF

The leader of this unit is a Doom Wolf. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Doom Wolf ’s Rotting
Fangs and Claws.

ABILITIES

Slavering Charge: Add 1 to wound rolls for this
unit if it completed a charge move this turn.

Vigour Necris: Add 1 to save rolls for this unit if it
is within 9" of any friendly CORPSE CARTS .

KEYWORDS

DEATH, ZOMBIE, DEADWALKERS, SUMMONABLE, DIRE WOLVES


PAGEBREAK
RULES

PITCHED BATTLE

PROFILES

LEGIONS OF NAGASH
UNIT

UNIT SIZE
MIN
MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD

ROLE

NOTES

Dire Wolves
Skeleton Warriors
Zombies
Mortis Engine
Terrorgheist
Zombie Dragon
Cairn Wraith
Necromancer
Tomb Banshee
Vampire Lord
Wight King with Baleful Tomb Blade
Wight King with Black Axe

5
10
10
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

30
40
60
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

60/320
80/280
60/320
180
300
300
60
110
80
140
120
120

Battleline
Battleline
Battleline
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Arkhan the Black, Mortarch of Sacrament

1

1

320

Leader, Behemoth

Only one of this model can be included in a
Pitched Battle army.

Bloodseeker Palanquin
Coven Throne

1
1

1
1

320
260

Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Mannfred, Mortarch of Night

1

1

420

Leader, Behemoth

Only one of this model can be included in a
Pitched Battle army.
Only one of this model can be included in a
Pitched Battle army.
Only one of this model can be included in a
Pitched Battle army.
Only one of this model can be included in a
Pitched Battle army.

Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead

1

1

800

Leader, Behemoth

Neferata, Mortarch of Blood

1

1

400

Leader, Behemoth

Prince Vhordrai

1

1

480

Leader, Behemoth

Vampire Lord on Zombie Dragon
Bat Swarms
Black Coach
Black Knights

1
2
1
5

1
8
1
20

440
80
120
120

Leader, Behemoth

Blood Knights

5

15

260

Battleline if army has
SOULBLIGHT allegiance.

Corpse Cart with Balefire Brazier
Corpse Cart with Unholy Lodestone
Fell Bats

1
1
3

1
1
12

80
80
80

Grave Guard

5

30

80/420

Battleline if army has

GRAND HOST OF NAGASH allegiance.

Hexwraiths

5

20

160

Battleline if army has
NIGHTHAUNT allegiance.
Battleline if army has

Morghast Archai

2

6

220

GRAND HOST OF NAGASH allegiance

and general is Nagash.
Battleline if army has

Morghast Harbingers

2

6

220

GRAND HOST OF NAGASH allegiance

and general is Nagash.
Battleline if army has
NIGHTHAUNT allegiance.

Spirit Hosts

3

12

120

Vargheists
Castellans of the Crimson Keep

3
-

12
-

160
90

Warscroll Battalion

Cour t of Nulahmia

-

-

70

Warscroll Battalion

Deathmarch
Lords of Sacrament
Nightfall Pack
The First Cohor t

-
-
-
-

-
-
-
-

110
70
140
160

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

Grand Host of Nagash Allies:
Flesh-eater Cour ts
Legion of Sacrament Allies:
Flesh-eater Cour ts
Legion of Blood Allies:
Flesh-eater Cour ts
Legion of Night Allies:
Flesh-eater Cour ts
Soulblight Allies: Deadwalkers, Deathlords, Deathrattle, Deathmages, Nighthaunt

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll battalions
in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Used alongside the rules for Pitched Battles in the General’s Handbook , this provides you with
ever ything you need to field your undead legions in a Pitched Battle against any opponent.

Updated February 2018


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

Wreathed in clouds of droning flies and toxic spores, wielding rusted weapons and bilious
magics, the Maggotkin spill over the lands like a tide of filth, corrupting and polluting all they
touch until the noxious Garden of Nurgle bursts the bounds of the Realm of Chaos.


PAGEBREAK
