
PAGEBREAK
From the maelstrom of a sundered world, the Eight Realms
were born. The formless and the divine exploded into life.
Strange, new worlds appeared in the firmament, each one
gilded with spirits, gods and men. Noblest of the gods was
Sigmar. For years beyond reckoning he illuminated the
realms, wreathed in light and majesty as he carved out his
reign. His strength was the power of thunder. His wisdom
was infinite. Mortal and immortal alike kneeled before his
lofty throne. Great empires rose and, for a while, treachery
was banished. Sigmar claimed the land and sky as his own
and ruled over a glorious age of myth.

But cruelty is tenacious. As had been foreseen, the great
alliance of gods and men tore itself apart. Myth and legend
crumbled into Chaos. Darkness flooded the realms. Torture,
slavery and fear replaced the glory that came before. Sigmar
turned his back on the mortal kingdoms, disgusted by their
fate. He fixed his gaze instead on the remains of the world he
had lost long ago, brooding over its charred core, searching
endlessly for a sign of hope. And then, in the dark heat of
his rage, he caught a glimpse of something magnificent. He
pictured a weapon born of the heavens. A beacon powerful
enough to pierce the endless night. An army hewn from
everything he had lost. Sigmar set his artisans to work and
for long ages they toiled, striving to harness the power of the
stars. As Sigmar’s great work neared completion, he turned
back to the realms and saw that the dominion of Chaos was
almost complete. The hour for vengeance had come. Finally,
with lightning blazing across his brow, he stepped forth to
unleash his creation.

The Age of Sigmar had begun.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

GRANDFATHER NURGLE ...............................................4

The Garden of Nurgle .............................................................6
The Daemons of Nurgle..........................................................8
Avatars of Corruption ...........................................................10
Rotbringers .............................................................................12
Worship Through Desecration.............................................14
Armies of the Plague God .....................................................16
Warbands of the Plague God ................................................18
Annals of Entropy .................................................................20
Great Unclean Ones ..............................................................22
Heralds of Nurgle ..................................................................24
Plaguebearers .........................................................................25
Nurgle’s Malignant Menagerie ............................................26
The Glottkin ...........................................................................28
The Maggoth Lords ...............................................................30
Rotbringer Lords ...................................................................32
Putrid Blightkings .................................................................36

VISIONS OF DECAY ........................................................38

The Repugnant Parade .........................................................52
Painting Maggotkin ..............................................................54

ARMIES OF THE PLAGUE GOD ....................................56

Forces of Nurgle ....................................................................58
Allegiance Abilities ...............................................................59
The Lores of Nurgle...............................................................66
Path to Glory Campaigns.....................................................68
Nurgle Warband Tables ........................................................70
Battleplan: Seeds of Corruption...........................................74

WARSCROLLS ..................................................................76

The Munificent Wanderers ..................................................78
Tallyband of Nurgle ..............................................................79
Thricefold Befoulment ..........................................................80

Nurgle’s Menagerie ................................................................81
The Blessed Sons ....................................................................82
Plague Cyst .............................................................................83
Blight Cyst ..............................................................................84
Affliction Cyst ........................................................................85
Rotigus ....................................................................................86
Great Unclean One................................................................87
Poxbringer, Herald of Nurgle ..............................................88
Epidemius, Tallyman of Nurgle ..........................................88
Spoilpox Scrivener,
Herald of Nurgle....................................................................89
Sloppity Bilepiper,
Herald of Nurgle....................................................................89
Horticulous Slimux ...............................................................90
Plaguebearers ..........................................................................91
Plague Drones ........................................................................92
Beasts of Nurgle .....................................................................93
Nurglings ................................................................................93
The Glottkin ...........................................................................94
Orghotts Daemonspew.........................................................95
Bloab Rotspawned .................................................................96
Morbidex Twiceborn.............................................................97
Lord of Afflictions .................................................................98
Festus the Leechlord .............................................................99
Harbinger of Decay ...............................................................99
Sorcerer .................................................................................100
Lord of Blights .....................................................................100
Gutrot Spume........................................................................101
Lord of Plagues .....................................................................101
Putrid Blightkings ...............................................................102
Pusgoyle Blightlords ...........................................................102
Feculent Gnarlmaw .............................................................103
Pitched Battle Profiles.........................................................104
What’s next? .........................................................................105

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Chaos Battletome : Maggo tk in of Nurgle © Copyr ight Games Workshop Limited 2017. Chaos Battletome : Maggo tk in of Nurgle, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls , and a l l associated
logos, i l lustrat ions , images , names , creatures , races , vehicles, locations, weapons, characters , and the d ist inct ive l ikenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited , variably
registered around the world. A l l Rights Reserved .

No part of th is publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transm itted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechan ica l , photocopying , recording or o therw ise ,
without the prior permission of the publishers .

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in th is book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidenta l .

British Cata loguing-in-Pub lication Data. A cata logue record for th is book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer ta in Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without adult supervision .
Whatever your age, be care fu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on the packag ing .

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GRANDFATHER NURGLE

Nurgle is the Chaos God of plagues, whose power waxes strong when disease and despair ravage the
Mortal Realms. Though he is a source of fear and revulsion to his enemies, Nurgle is a perversely
paternal god, generous with his foul gifts and proud of his worshippers’ every disgusting achievement.

Nurgle wishes to see rot and contagion
bloom across the Mortal Realms,
drowning the bastions of his enemies
in a tide of putrid filth. Yet Nurgle is
not malicious – far from it. The Plague
God delights in fecundity, and the
overabundance of life that disease and
decay brings. To Nurgle, every raddled
corpse is a welcoming nursery for
wriggling maggots and cloying plague
spores. Every stagnant lake and rotting
forest is a paradise in which parasitic
larvae and bountiful poxes can flourish.
These are the gifts that Nurgle lavishes
upon the Mortal Realms, and if there
is malice behind his generosity it is
directed only at those ingrates who try
to decline his offerings.

Nurgle’s physical aspect is truly
hideous. He is a swollen mountain of
blubber and pus, whose necrotic flesh
crawls with buboes and seethes with
lice. Filth and foulness drool from the
rotting maws that dot his corpulent
mass, and flies the size of boulders buzz
around him in thick clouds, drawn by
his stench.

Since time immemorial, Nurgle has
been in competition with his siblings,
the other Dark Gods. In their great
game, Nurgle is typically ranked third
most powerful behind wrathful Khorne
and duplicitous Tzeentch. Yet this is a
misleading notion, for in truth Nurgle
is in no way inferior to his brothers.

no thought for new life or creation.
As a result, Nurgle looks down on
the vermin-god as short-sighted and
distasteful, more of a means to an end
than a true ally.

When the Age of Chaos began, Nurgle
set his sights upon the inexhaustible
cornucopia of Ghyran. His armies
spilled across the Jade Kingdoms,
corrupting everything in their path.
Thousands of mortal tribes turned
to Nurgle’s worship in order to save
themselves from his countless plagues.
The sylvaneth and their queen,
Alarielle, were driven into hiding,
and for a time Nurgle stood upon the
very cusp of victory. Yet at the last, an
alliance between Sigmar’s Stormcast
Eternals and the resurgent sylvaneth
defeated Nurgle’s greatest champions.
Alarielle sealed the Genesis Gate,
through which the greatest portion of
Nurgle’s might had flowed into Ghyran.

For a time, Nurgle wallowed in the
despondency of rejection, and as he
did so his armies were driven back
on every front. But now the Plague
God’s optimism has returned, and with
it the realisation that – in obsessing
over the conquest of Ghyran – he
was being selfish. All of the Mortal
Realms deserve to benefit from Nurgle’s
generosity, and he means to make sure
that they are all showered with his
blessings until they can take no more…

Rather, his might surges and recedes
in a never-ending cycle. When plague
and pestilence run rampant, Nurgle
becomes so swollen with power that
his leathery hide struggles to contain it.
When remission comes, and Nurgle’s
plagues fall fallow, so his power wanes
until he becomes a hollowed out
shadow of his former greatness. Yet
Nurgle is never defeated for long, for
disease and decay are as inevitable as
time and tide.

Nurgle has a far less fraternal
relationship with the Horned Rat, the
verminous Skaven deity who joined the
Chaos pantheon at the fall of the world-
that-was. As an architect of plague
and pestilence, the horned Rat seems
a natural ally of Nurgle, and certainly
the two gods find common cause on
occasion. Yet where Nurgle wishes
to spread bilious life, the Horned
Rat seeks only the ruin of all, with

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE GARDEN OF NURGLE

The Garden of Nurgle is the Plague God’s domain within the Realm of Chaos. It is a festering
amalgam of jungle, forest, swamp and ornamental parkland in which unclean life seethes, and
sickness blossoms with epidemic intensity.

No living being save a worshipper of
Nurgle could hope to survive within
the Plague God’s garden. Its winding
paths run with diseased slurry and
squirming worms, while the air is thick
with miasmal fumes and the constant
drone of flies unnumbered. Groves of
Feculent Gnarlmaws jostle with bloated
fungi and stinking fever-blooms. Sickly
light spills from floating spore-sacs
that drift through the murk, trailing
slimy lianas with pus-fat thorns.
Everywhere mucus drips, insects
scuttle, and nauseating gases bubble
and pop. Fountains of mouldering
bone rise from congealed lakes, jetting

putrid slop from squealing sphincters.
Meadows of grass like rusted blades
creak and groan in the languid breeze,
spewing clouds of seeds that would rot
mortal flesh in seconds.

As Nurgle’s power ebbs and flows, so
the boundaries of his garden realm
expand and contract. When his might
is at its peak, the Garden of Nurgle
bursts its existential bounds and surges
into the territories of the other Chaos
Gods. Plains of fire-blackened skulls
and fractal crystal mazes are swiftly
overrun by the garden’s predatory
fecundity, turning all to bountiful filth.

The Chaos Gods are ever at war, for
they fight as only immortal brothers
can. Each maintains countless armies
of daemonic soldiery with which to
defend their own domains, while
invading those of their brothers. Nurgle
is no exception to this trend, and his
garden teems with the commanders
and foot soldiers of his daemon legions.
Patrol bands of Plague Drones thrum
along the garden’s myriad paths,
seeking invaders to torment. Tides of
diminutive Nurglings scamper through
the foetid underbrush intent on
mischief, while packs of slug-like Beasts
of Nurgle slither and lollop amidst the

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
marshy pools searching for unfortunate
playmates. Fortresses and guard towers
of rancid blubber and corroded iron
loom over seeping gallows-trees,
garrisoned by Plaguebearers who watch
for hardy interlopers to punish.

At the heart of the garden stands
Nurgle’s Manse. The Dark God lumbers
about this suppurating fastness,
whistling phlegm-thick tunes as
he gathers ingredients for his latest
plague. Each new malady is brewed to
perfection in his immense cauldron
and then tested on the cursed creature
known as the Poxfulcrum, a caged
being that has endured millennia
of misery as Nurgle’s personal test
bed. Only once he is satisfied with
the results of his concoction does
Nurgle upend the cauldron, raining
new contagions down upon the
Mortal Realms.

‘In the middle distance I saw a great fortress, half hidden by the miasma
of decay that infused its very structure. Rotten and mildewed were
its timbers, and its sagging roof was thick with infestation of every
conceivable kind. Poison poured down the walls of this most revolting of
abodes, polluting everything about. Yet despite its state of decay, I sensed
an inevitability about that unhallowed bastion. I knew beyond doubt that
it had stood for years uncounting in that same ramshackle form, and
would continue on until the very end of time.

Before the fortress gates stretched a forest of death. Corpses, thick with
unbridled decay, lay about it as far as my eyes could see. Here death was
feeding off the dead. This was the Garden of Chaos. Vile creatures nested
amongst the bones of the dead, there to gnaw at the fallen and fill the air
with sickly sounds of merriment.

Here dark trees had petrified, their shapes indescribable and their essence
corrupt. The graves of the fallen had become a rich loam, sucked upon
by the trees of that dark forest. Pierced by the tree roots, the dead had
stirred once more and each branch bore a skull, mildewed and heavy
with loathing.

In that place I looked upon the fate of mankind and wept for the future.’

- Liber Malefic

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE DAEMONS OF NURGLE

Nurgle’s daemon legions march out to the dolorous tolling of rusted bells. They trudge, caper and
squirm beneath roaring storm clouds of flies. Wherever they go the land sickens and rots, bastions of
order collapsing into mouldering rubble in order to make way for the festering dominion of Nurgle.

Each of the Ruinous Powers has
armies of daemons at their command.
Formed from the energies of the deities
themselves, these beings are extensions
of their god’s will. Everything about
them echoes the divine entity that
created them, from their physical
aspect and ways of war, to their
motivations and desires. The daemons
of Chaos are every bit their master’s
creatures, and though they exhibit
personalities and agendas of their own,
their every thought and deed is driven
by the essential nature of the god that
created them.

The daemons of Nurgle are plague-
infested abominations, beings of
sanity-blasting foulness whose stench
alone is enough to stun a bull demi-
gryph. They exist solely to spread the
myriad contagions of their master to

every corner of reality and beyond, a
goal they pursue with single-minded
determination. Their mere presence
is enough to spark epidemics that
devastate nations, and when they
march to battle together they are
entropy and the misery of terminal
sickness given physical form.

Yet for all their repugnance, the
daemons of Nurgle are – by and large
– neither as hateful nor as cruel as the
other daemons of Chaos. Just as the
most virulent malady kills without

malice or distinction, so too do Nurgle’s
daemons. They march to battle with
a mixture of morose detachment and
obscene good cheer, and the slaughter
that they wreak amongst their foes
is but a by-product of their desire to
infect all with the dubious blessings of
their magnanimous god.

Great Unclean Ones lead the parade,
lumbering mountains of rancid flesh
and seeping pustules crowned with
splintered antlers of rotting bone.
Echoes of their master, these greater
daemons are monstrous and ebullient
in equal measure, chortling at the antics
of their lesser kin or singing in gurgling
baritones even as they spew infectious
filth across their enemies.

Plaguebearers make up the shambling
masses of Nurgle’s daemon legions.

EPIDEMIUS

Epidemius is Nurgle’s chosen Tallyman, one of the seven
Proctors of Pestilence and the cataloguer of all the Plague
God’s diseases. Epidemius’ task is an unending one, and
it requires a great deal of record keeping, so he rides a
creaking wooden palanquin to allow him to focus on his
duties and to more easily force a path through Nurgle’s
hordes. This mouldering litter is borne aloft by a rolling
mound of Nurglings, who assist their master by operating
the death’s head abacus incorporated into its frame. From
his perch, Epidemius surveys the thrift and splendour
of the Plague God’s creations, making note of mortality
and infection rates with the aid of his hourglass, as well
as secondary symptoms such as unusual discolouration,
curiously shaped growths and novel odours.

As Epidemius’ tally rises ever higher, Nurgle looks down
with fatherly pride, bestowing his godly gifts upon the
Tallyman and his servants. Thus, in performing his allotted
duties, Epidemius acts as a locus of infectious might for
the daemons fighting around him. Nurgle’s favour renders
his daemons stronger, more poisonous and more resilient,
which in turn enables them to spread his plagues all
the quicker.

Epidemius has travelled the Mortal Realms since before the
Age of Chaos began, and his meandering course follows no
discernable pattern. Yet always he arrives in time to record
each of Nurgle’s proudest outbreaks, his brow furrowed in
concentration as he studies the hideous demise of another
army foolish enough to reject Nurgle’s beneficence.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Blinded by swarms of flies, deafened
by the dull clangour of bells and
gongs, choked by the putrid stench
that thickens the air, many foes feel
their sanity or courage reach breaking
point. They turn to flee, screaming
in revulsion and horror. Most are so
riddled with disease that they will not
get far, while those who do serve only
to spread a bow wave of plague and
sickness before the daemons’ advance.

Even should an enemy stand their
ground, and succeed in striking down
one of Nurgle’s daemons, the creature
will not truly be slain. Instead, with its
mortal shell torn asunder, the essence
of the daemon is banished back to
the Garden of Nurgle. There it must
languish amidst fetor and filth, nothing
more than an echo of its true power.

Eventually the cycles of rot and rebirth
that sweep through Nurgle’s garden will
see a banished entity recorporealise,
though each sort of daemon that
serves the Plague God is reborn in
its own strange and horrible fashion.
Some develop within quivering pupae
that dangle amongst the sagging
foliage of steaming swamps, while
others manifest as embryonic growths
suspended within the yolk-like pus
of cysts that appear upon the hides
of larger daemons. The only constant
regarding these resurrections is how
unutterably disgusting they are to those
who do not share Nurgle’s particular
eye for beauty.

They are one-eyed grotesques whose
distended bodies are home to myriad
diseases, and they clutch dripping
plague swords in their withered claws
as they trudge toward the foe. The
Plaguebearers are led by Heralds of
Nurgle, from the sorcerous Poxbringers
and spiteful Spoilpox Scriveners, to the
capering Sloppity Bilepipers who whirl
clumsily through the ranks, cracking
revolting jokes and playing discordant
tunes upon their rasping gutpipes.

Plague Drones thrum overhead,
Plaguebearers mounted upon
enormous Rot Flies that hurl pus-
filled death’s heads into the enemy
ranks. Beasts of Nurgle bound across
the battlefield, each one a crushing
mass of slime-slick muscle and lashing
tentacles whose only desire is to
hurl itself into the fray in search of
living playthings.

Wherever the daemon legions of
Nurgle march, a living carpet of
Nurglings swarms towards the foe.
Diminutive and mischievous, these
jabbering mites fill the air with
a gabbling cacophony barely less
disturbing than their indescribable
reek, and pour over the enemy lines in
a biting, scratching tide.

For all the nauseating spectacle of their
advance, one could be mistaken for
believing Nurgle’s daemons to be less
warlike than their counterparts. At
first glance, they might seem plodding
and cumbersome by comparison.
Yet Nurgle’s children are every bit as
dangerous as their rivals, just in very
different ways.

The greatest strength of these abhorrent
entities is their extraordinary resilience
to damage. Volleys of arrows and hails
of bullets rebound from their leathery

hides, or simply lodge in layers of fat
to little effect. Sword thrusts punch
through rotted organs and muscle
without causing the daemons any
discomfort at all. Worse, as assailants
try desperately to wrench their
weapons free of the creatures’ blubber,
they are showered with a deadly
cocktail of diseased and corrosive
bodily fluids.

‘What repulsive beauty I see
before me! Such noxious
purity! Such nauseating
hope! No, no, no, by Nurgle’s
roilbloated guts, this ghastly
land must feel the touch of rot!’

- Lord Moulgh Blacknail during the
invasion of Shimmerdell

Even spellcraft, artillery fire or the
talons of monstrous beasts can be
confounded by the unholy resilience
of Nurgle’s daemons. All the while,
they advance inexorably upon their
panicked enemies, before unleashing
their own hideous weapons of war.
These, unfortunately for all the
denizens of the Mortal Realms, are
manifold and truly repulsive.

Some daemons wield plagueswords,
weapons that drip with contagions so
lethally infectious that a single nick or
cut spells an agonising death. Others
can vomit jetting floods of viscous bile
to drown their enemies or else leave
them mired in a sucking morass of
lethal pestilence. Lashing tentacles,
rotting fangs and filth-smeared claws
batter and tear at the enemy, while
paralytic mucus renders them helpless
before the sorcerous contagions
that billow around the daemons in
choking clouds.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
AVATARS OF CORRUPTION

Many and varied are the wars waged by the daemons of Nurgle. From the mind-bending hellscapes of
the Realm of Chaos, to the corporeal battlefields of the Mortal Realms, Nurgle’s daemon legions are
hurled or summoned into battle on sevenfold new fronts every hour.

The Realm of Chaos is an abomination
beyond the imaginings of mortals. The
armies of the Dark Gods march across
splinters of sundered reality. They
fight over endless fields of skulls that
sprawl in the shadow of titanic metal
volcanoes. They make war through
multifaceted crystalline labyrinths
in which every thought and deed
sends a thousand shattered reflections
cascading into madness. They clash
in foetid jungles where the plants are
formed from soul-stuff and squirming
insects, and across landscapes of
rippling flesh that split open to devour
combatants or discharge geysers of
perfumed ichor that rain down as
glittering jewels. Amidst such riotous
insanity, even the hardiest mortal
armies would not long survive. Thus it
is that Nurgle sends his daemon legions
– the Plague Legions – to fight his
battles against his brother gods.

When battling in the Realm of Chaos,
Nurgle’s armies are notable for their
stolid organisation and relentlessness.
For all their eccentricities, the Great
Unclean Ones that lead the Plague
Legions to war are highly intelligent
beings who understand well the cut and
thrust of war. They view the enemy’s
forces like a disease might view a crowd
of potential victims, were it possessed
of malign intent. The foe must be
worn down by increments, gradually
lumbered with ever greater corruptions
until they perish under the unbearable
weight of their afflictions. Meanwhile,
the enemy’s every effort to halt the
Plague Legions’ advance or drive them
back must be resisted, lest the foe cure
themselves of the infection.

Through fell magics, the lords of
Nurgle’s legions cloud the air with
poisonous miasmas and roaring fly-

storms to conceal their warriors. They
summon vast constructs fashioned
from chaotic energies, snail-like
monstrosities the size of mountains
with pox-ridden castles lurching upon
their backs, or else flood the field with
diseased slime, the better to mire the
daemons of rival gods.

So are Nurgle’s battles in the Realm of
Chaos fought, whether he is invading
his brothers’ domains or defending the
tumbledown walls of his garden. Battle
in the Mortal Realms, however, is a
rather more anarchic affair. Corrupted
Realmgates do lead from the Garden
of Nurgle into other realms, and
during especially fearsome conflicts
entire Plague Legions trudge from the
depths of these portals. However, the
number of such Realmgates has been
thinned by the determined efforts of
Sigmar’s Stormcast Eternals. Some

HORTICULOUS SLIMUX

There are those who say that Horticulous Slimux was the
very first Plaguebearer created by Nurgle. Certainly, he has
been the custodian of Nurgle’s garden for as long as even
the most ancient Great Unclean Ones can recall.

Gnarled and leathery like a rotted apple left too long in
the sun, Horticulous is a pragmatic and humourless being
with a no-nonsense approach to battle and gardening alike.
Sitting astride his lumbering molluscoid steed – known
affectionately to Horticulous as Mulch – the Gardener
ploughs ever onward through Nurgle’s domains, tilling
the foetid soil with his Gruntleplough and casting an
experienced eye over the festering flora all around him.

Horticulous prefers the familiar surrounds of the Garden
of Nurgle to the comparative sterility of the Mortal Realms.
When compelled by Nurgle to lead his Plague Legions to
war, the Gardener is thus sour and bad tempered, despising
the cleanliness of the realms and blaming their denizens
for every pang of worry he feels about his temporarily
untended meadows. In battle, Horticulous conjures
the power of Nurgle’s garden and ushers it into reality,
overrunning sites of sorcerous power with its boundless
fecundity. He is accompanied by romping packs of Beasts
of Nurgle, whose foolishness he always forgives, and who
look to him like hounds do their master. Though he might
seem slow, Horticulous is relentless, and champions beyond
count have fallen to the rusty snick of his pruning blades.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
have been cleansed while others – the
most hopelessly infested – have been
destroyed altogether, denying Nurgle’s
armies of their use.

In many regions of the Mortal Realms,
the daemons of Nurgle must find more
esoteric means by which to launch their
assaults. The most common of these
are the summoning rituals of Nurgle’s
many mortal worshippers, which must
be performed where reality has become
most horribly corrupted and the
foul Filth Pits have been dug. Where
misery and disease are rife, there
sprout burgeoning groves of Rotwoods,
Bulgebarks, Feculent Gnarlmaws and
other disgusting flora. These bell-hung
trees thrust their roots deep into the
Realm of Chaos, forming conduits by
which the Plague God’s daemons may
cross into reality.

The summoning of daemons is no
simple matter – great reserves of dark
magic are required, and the necessary
rites must be meticulously observed
lest the prospective summoner risk
their soul becoming a plaything for
the very beings they sought to call
upon. When the rituals are performed
correctly, however, the veil is torn and
the daemons of Nurgle spill forth.

Such passages into the Mortal Realms
do not last long, and unless a specific
legion or daemon is summoned
through the use of its True Name, the
entities that emerge are whichever
daemons of Nurgle were fortunate
enough to squirm their way through

from the Realm of Chaos. Sometimes
this will be a single Tallyband, plucked
from the midst of battle. At others it is
a random agglomeration of daemons,
snatched up from the Garden of
Nurgle and deposited suddenly in the
Mortal Realms. Whatever the case, the
daemons soon forge a rough and ready
hierarchy amongst themselves, for they
are much more interested in this new
opportunity to spread contagion and
misery in the name of their god than in
bickering over protocol.

Especially virulent outbreaks of plague
can also thin the veil enough to coax
Nurgle’s daemons into the Mortal
Realms. Such names as the City of
Mists, Gallowhaven and the Morientae
Reach are whispered with dread by
those who know their sorry tales,
of the hideous outbreaks that tore
through their populations, and of the
subsequent invasion by the daemonic
legions of Nurgle.

So fell the Pristine Heart in Ghyran
during the earliest days of the War
of Life, and so too was the city of
Astralon turned from glory to horror.
That magnificent city – built around
the Gildenglass Realmgate following
its capture by the Astral Templars –
saw its first case of Nodding Bloat
precisely seven years to the day after its
foundation stones were laid. Brought
into the city by refugees from the
Tusked Hills, the disease spread like
wildfire through Astralon’s streets. The
cramped alleyways of the inner districts
were soon choked with ruptured
corpses and seething carpets of vermin.
When the epidemic reached its height
the Plague Legions burst into the city’s
overburdened healing halls. The war
between Astralon’s defenders and
Nurgle’s daemons has raged ever since,
and shows no signs of remission.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ROTBRINGERS

Vast mortal armies are pledged to the service of Nurgle, countless hordes fighting and dying for
the Plague God throughout the Mortal Realms. The greatest of these are chosen by Nurgle as his
favourites, and blessed with his virulent boons.

There are many reasons why the
denizens of the Mortal Realms turn to
the worship of Nurgle. Since the Age
of Chaos began, myriad epidemics
have swept across the lands. Believing
themselves abandoned by the gods
they once worshipped and scorning
the ineffectual ministrations of their
healers, many mortals have offered
desperate prayers to Nurgle. The Plague
God has alleviated the suffering of such
unfortunates – if not their symptoms –
but only at the cost of their souls, and
of their eternal service to him.

Others, seeing their homes and lands
despoiled, have given in to despair.
Nurgle welcomes all such wretches,
teaching them first to appreciate, then
to cherish the entropy and rot that
surrounds them, and to spread it far
and wide as the gift it truly is.

The twisted and disfigured, the spiteful
and forsaken, the hopelessly insane; all
embrace the paternal comfort offered
by Grandfather Nurgle, and willingly
draw strength from the foul blessings
that he rains down upon them.

Not all who enter Nurgle’s service
do so intentionally. In his own
chortling fashion, Nurgle is the master
of manipulating good intentions
to gruesome ends. Many are the
physicians, alchemists and holy men
who seek to better understand the
nature of disease, hoping to halt the
spread of plague. Nurgle is only too
happy to offer his forbidden secrets to
such individuals, tempting them ever
further down paths of bitter revelation
until their good intentions curdle along
with their souls. All this has led tribes,

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
cities, even entire nations to turn to
the worship of Nurgle. Throughout
the Mortal Realms, immense armies
of flyblown warriors march into battle,
crying out praise to the Plague God.

Dreadholds are captured in Nurgle’s
name, their walls slick with ooze, their
battlements shot through with sentient
corrosion. Slinking plague-cults
infiltrate the Cities of Sigmar, gathering
in deep sewer chambers to perform
unclean rites and taint waterways with
virulent filth. Pestilential Brayherds
haunt trackless forests, despoiling all
that is green and good. Enclaves of
civilisation are torn down or corrupted
from within. Vast and noble beasts are
brought low by the weapons of sickness
and entropy. All of these terrible deeds
are intended to please Nurgle and
thus earn his favour. Those who are
chosen will be elevated to the ranks of
the Rotbringers.

Some warriors of Nurgle are blessed
simply for laying a mighty hero low
in battle, or driving Nurgle’s enemies
from the field in disarray. This is rare,
however, for simple martial conquest is
a little crude for Nurgle’s tastes. Rather
than see another god’s champion slain,
he would prefer they were infected with
some strain of his poxes, so that their
only hope is to forsake whichever of
Nurgle’s brothers they worship and give
their allegiance to him instead. More
than just defeating an enemy army in
battle, Nurgle prefers to see its soldiers
infected with choice contagions, and
enough of their number left alive that
– in their panicked flight – they taint
their allies’ strongholds, and spread his
gifts to all those they encounter.

little, for Rotbringers boast an unholy
resilience. They know nothing of pain,
and – between their leathery hides and
the fact that in many cases their bodies
heal damage as quickly as it can be
inflicted – only the most dolorous blow
will do enough damage to slow them
down, let alone slay them.

In return, the Rotbringers hew their
way through their enemies like
harvestmen in reaping season. Their
massive frames house unnatural might
sufficient to hack an armoured knight
in two with a single swing. Even those
enemies who evade the rusted axes and
rattling flails that the Rotbringers wield
soon find themselves succumbing to
the aura of plague that surrounds them.

Buzzing storms of flies blanket the
battlefield when the Rotbringers march
to war, crawling frantically into eyes,
noses and screaming mouths. Parasitic
horrors bite and sting, and every breath
the foe takes draws daemon spores and
spoiled air into their lungs, until their
flesh breaks out in angry buboes and
pus weeps from every pore.

Some Rotbringers are gifted with
rusting tocsins that erode the enemy’s
will to fight with every toll, or items
so saturated with unwholesome magic
that they can set loose Nurgle’s diseases
amongst the enemy’s ranks with but
a simple word or gesture. Others ride
cadaverous steeds that fill the hearts of
their foes with dread, or else are borne
into battle atop grotesque daemonic
fly-beasts. However they go to war, and
whatever baleful weapons they wield,
all Rotbringers are terrifyingly powerful
warriors, high in their god’s favour.

Amongst the ranks of the Rotbringers
are those who have poisoned the
rations of their former comrades with
plague spores, infected the drinking
water of island-borne fortresses, and
raised statues of soiled warpstone
the better to reduce places of magical
beauty to bubbling slime.

However they earned their blessings,
and no matter how starved or gnarled
in stature they were before Nurgle
marked them, most Rotbringers are
hulking giants. Their massive frames
are so swollen with rancid flab and
layered muscle that in many places
their skin splits open, allowing putrid
organs to spill forth.

‘Oh great Nurgle, accept this
offering of blood and filth!
Witness my devotion and send
your might to slither through
my clotted veins! With this
sacrifice I beseech thee!’

- Hulghor Hexenrott, upon striking
down Nestyria the Pure

What armour they wear is often
buckled and rent from the pressure
exerted by their distended forms, and
any metal protection is invariably thick
with rust or verdigris. This matters

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WORSHIP THROUGH DESECRATION

The Rotbringers are fervently devoted to their beloved Grandfather Nurgle. They are thankful for his
generosity and protective of his foul creations, reserving their wrath for the ungrateful worshippers of
other gods who – they believe – must be shown the error of their ways, even if it kills them.

From Putrid Blightkings to Maggoth
Riders, Pusgoyle Blightlords to the
mighty Glottkin themselves, the
Rotbringers exhibit a gallows humour
and a joy in their work, stemming from
an acceptance that, inevitably, all must
rot and perish. This malignant mirth is
entirely at odds with the way in which
they make war, showing neither mercy
nor forgiveness to those who would
oppose Grandfather Nurgle.

The Rotbringers crush the armies of
Order wherever they encounter them,
despoiling everything their foes hold
dear. They hew through the warbands
of Nurgle’s brother gods, spreading the
blessings of disease and decay as widely
as they can in the hopes of securing
converts from amongst the enemy
ranks. Where they encounter temples
and shrines to other deities, they
desecrate them with muck and mire,

making examples of any attendant
priests and holy men to cow the flocks
of unfaithful.

Nurgle’s mortal armies go to especial
pains to taint sites of life-giving
power, such as sky-falls, springs and
realmstone deposits, for to successfully
imbue such places with Nurgle’s gifts
is to spread them far and wide using
the natural cycles of life. To further
propagate their god’s corruptions, the
Rotbringers excavate vast earthworks
known as Filth Pits that are bored using
chained wyrr-maggots. These deep
holes look, from above, like the sigil
of Nurgle writ large in leprous craters.
Their sides are sheer and slippery
with unspeakable substances, while
their depths sit several feet deep in a
parasite-infested gruel that bubbles
and pops as it gives off clouds of
airborne contagions.

Not only do Filth Pits poison the land
for miles around, but they are also used
by the Rotbringers as sacrificial sites.
Captive warriors are flung into their
depths, there to suffer one horrible
pox and infestation after another until
at last they perish in miserable agony.
Such drawn-out suffering offers great
praise to Nurgle, and gradually wears
thin the weave of reality, creating
weak points through which the Plague
God’s daemons can more easily
be summoned.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Those Rotbringers who achieve truly
great deeds in Nurgle’s name are
elevated to positions of command.
Infested with voracious parasites and
riddled with the most lethal diseases,
they become Lords of Nurgle, and
lead the Rotbringers to war. Some of
these champions fight at the head of
immense armies of mortal warriors,
while others march to war alongside
Nurgle’s daemon legions, offering awed
praise to the daemon lords who, for
their part, view the Lords of Nurgle
with paternal affection and amusement.
Still other Plague Lords choose to
surround themselves with small, elite
bands of Rotbringers and travel the
Mortal Realms on quests to bring their
god’s gifts to new lands.

When embarking upon especially
challenging conquests or defending
their mouldering fastnesses from
overwhelming attack, the Rotbringers
may forge alliances with other
factions. Though sometimes they

enslave diseased Brayherds or foully
tainted monsters, more commonly the
Rotbringers forge temporary pacts with
the skaven of the Clans Pestilens.

keep a wary eye on their opportunistic
allies, for the slightest sign of weakness
is enough to spur the skaven to violent
acts of betrayal.

Though ultimately Nurgle and the
Horned Rat seek different ends for
the Mortal Realms, the followers
of both deities employ disease and
despair as weapons of war, and so
fight well together upon the field of
battle. Often the Rotbringers will allow
their ratmen allies to surge ahead in a
chittering horde, suffering the brunt
of the enemy’s wrath and overrunning
their lines before Putrid Blightkings
and daemons wade in to strike the
killing blow. At other times, the Clans
Pestilens will support Rotbringer
attacks with vile magics and batteries
of plague-flinging war machines. Yet
always the servants of Nurgle must

A few amongst the Rotbringers’ ranks
have become dark legends within the
Mortal Realms. Names such as Festus
the Leechlord, Gutrot Spume, the
Maggoth Lords and the Glottkin are
whispered with fear and hate across
Ghyran and beyond. Yet Nurgle’s
esteem, much like his power, is cyclical.
The Brothers Glott, in particular, have
risen several times to the very apogee
of the Plague God’s regard, only to
plunge out of favour again when their
conquests have gone awry. At such
times these Rotbringer heroes may
vanish for decades, even centuries at
a time, typically consigned to some
inventive punishment or other by their
god. Yet Nurgle can never stay angry
with his most dedicated of followers
for long, and always they return to win
back his favour.

TORGLUG THE DESPISED

Amongst the greatest of Nurgle’s mortal champions was
Torglug, he who once was Tornus, champion and defender of
the Lifewells. Hurled into a Filth Pit by Nurgle’s conquering
hordes, Tornus was so proud, and so determined not to
succumb, that he endured seventy-seven days of suffering
before crawling from the pit as a newly empowered
Rotbringer. Taking the name Torglug, this lumbering
destroyer showed his devotion to Nurgle by corrupting the
very thing he once sought to protect, tainting the Ghyran
Lifewells and leading a Rotbringer horde to ever greater
conquests. At the last, it was Torglug who nearly seized the
soulpod of the goddess Alarielle, the prize that would have
ensured Nurgle’s final dominion over the Realm of Life.

Yet in that moment, the Celestant-Prime struck Torglug down
with Sigmar’s own hammer, Ghal Maraz. Driven from his
diseased body, the Plague Lord’s once noble soul was hurled
upwards, to Sigmar’s Heavens, where it was torturously and
painstakingly cleansed of Nurgle’s taint. Reforged by divine
lightnings, Torglug has become Tornus once more, a Knight-
Venator who hunts the servants of Nurgle with a single-
minded hatred. For their part, the Rotbringers now know him
as Torglug the Ungrateful, Torglug the Wasteful or Torglug
the Fool. Upon Nurgle’s orders they seek him every bit as
fervently as he seeks them. If this turncoat nemesis could be
tainted again, then surely Nurgle’s supremacy over Sigmar
would be proven. Of course, Nurgle would not be so kindly to
Tornus a second time…

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ARMIES OF THE PLAGUE GOD

Endless armies of daemons and mortals make war in Nurgle’s name. From small warbands to nation-
toppling hordes, from mortal war parties to trudging legions from the Dark God’s own garden, these
armies blight the lands and desecrate all before them in their efforts to bring rot and ruin.

PLAGUE LEGIONS

Nurgle’s daemon armies are known as
Plague Legions. It is said that there are
as many Plague Legions as there are
spores floating through the miasmal
air of the Garden of Nurgle and, while
they might be individually somewhat
smaller than their counterparts in the
ranks of the other Dark Gods, their
numbers more make up for this. Each
Plague Legion is led by a Great Unclean
One, whose personal eccentricities
influence its composition and tactics.
Some Great Unclean Ones favour
airborne armadas of Plague Drones,

while others enjoy burying the foe
beneath slobbering packs of Beasts of
Nurgle, or slowly grinding them down
with waves of grumbling Plaguebearers.
Beneath the Great Unclean One stand
his lieutenants, who can be Heralds or
subordinate greater daemons. Though
technically known as the Rancid
Retinue, these lesser commanders
are collectively bestowed with
grandiloquent titles of their leader’s
invention, such as Lords of Fulsome
Filth, the Decayed Hands of Almighty
Foulness, or the Bubotic Masters of
Slopsome Generosity.

The bulk of a Plague Legion is
composed of seven Tallybands. Each
of these comprises seven packs of
Plaguebearers and Plague Drones,
led by a Herald of Nurgle. These
are accompanied by Nurgle’s most
rambunctious daemons, the Beasts of
Nurgle and Nurglings. So anarchic are
these creatures that they stand outside
the organisation of the Plague Legions,
and are rarely factored directly into
the Great Unclean Ones’ battleplans.
They spill into battle alongside their
more regimented kin, adding their own
enthusiastic contributions to the battle.

BEASTS OF
NURGLE

GREAT
UNCLEAN
ONE

NURGLINGS

RANCID RETINUE

Great Unclean Ones, Poxbringers,
Spoilpox Scriveners, Sloppity Bilepipers

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

TALLYBAND
OF NURGLE

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE GLOTTKIN

THE MAGGOTH
LORDS

FESTUS THE
LEECHLORD AND
GUTROT SPUME

LORD OF
PLAGUES

LORD OF
BLIGHTS

LORD OF
AFFLICTIONS

HARBINGER OR
SORCERER

HARBINGER OR
SORCERER

HARBINGER OR
SORCERER

PUTRID
BLIGHTKINGS
OR PUSGOYLE
BLIGHTLORDS

PUTRID
BLIGHTKINGS
OR PUSGOYLE
BLIGHTLORDS

PUTRID
BLIGHTKINGS
OR PUSGOYLE
BLIGHTLORDS

ROTBRINGER
CONTAGIUMS

The conquering armies of the
Rotbringers are known as Contagiums.
The number of Contagiums that beset
the Mortal Realms varies wildly, their
ranks swelling to epidemic proportions
at times, and withering away to dregs at
others. Typically, a Contagium is built
around three warbands known as Cysts.
Each Cyst comprises multiple bands
of Putrid Blightkings and Pusgoyle
Blightlords, and is directed in battle by
a champion of the Plague God. Though
there are exceptions, most Contagiums
include a Cyst led by a Lord of Plagues,
one led by a Lord of Blights, and one
ruled over by a Lord of Afflictions,
for the Rotbringers believe such is

the sacred trinity of Nurgle. These
lords are advised by Sorcerers, or else
accompanied by the ominous figure of
a Harbinger of Decay.

The three lords establish a hierarchy
amongst themselves, either through
brute force, treachery or feats of
endurance, so that in battle all the
warriors of a Contagium know who
holds authority in a given situation.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!

That is not to say that these warriors are
not in constant competition, nor that
they are locked in an endless struggle
to hold the greater portion of Nurgle’s
favour. It is simply that, as with the
powers of the Plague God himself,
there is a natural order to decay and
rebirth that all must obey.

Above the Cysts of each Contagium
stand Nurgle’s greatest champions.
Such individuals as the Maggoth Lords,
Gutrot Spume or the Glottkin are
renowned throughout the Rotbringer
ranks, and should such a favoured
warrior appear in order to assume
command, they will do so with little
effort, for all know them as the arbiters
of Nurgle’s will.


PAGEBREAK
WARBANDS OF THE PLAGUE GOD

The Munificent Wanderers are one
of Nurgle’s most prolific Plague
Legions. They are led by the
notoriously generous Great Unclean
One Thrombolhox the Giving. These
daemons diligently ensure their
physical forms are infested with the
greatest possible volume of Nurgle’s
foul gifts before striking out into the
Mortal Realms. There they spread
Nurgle’s blessings far and wide, so that
none are left wanting.

Notable for their distinctive pallid flesh,
the Befouling Host patrol the quinsic
glades of Nurgle’s garden and garrison
the thorned hedge-forts around its
borders. When they march out to war,
they are led by the Great Unclean One
Bul’gla’throx, and often accompanied
by Horticulous Slimux himself. They
have a fondness for infecting their
victims with parasitic plague spores
that transform their hosts into living
fungus-nurseries.

The Droning Guard are a Plague
Legion that excels in airborne attack,
known throughout the Sallowlands and
beyond. From the vast clouds of flies
belched by their Great Unclean One,
Uncle Septuklus, to the thrumming
swarms of Plague Drones that form the
vanguard of their assaults, this legion
chokes the skies with winged horrors.
Wherever their daemons tread, a
stifling miasma clots the air, bringing
foes to their knees.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!

The symbol of the tri-bell echoes the
Wanderers’ generous call for all to
come and partake of Nurgle’s gifts.

The plague fly is a badge of great
honour, bestowed on Septuklus as a
reward from Nurgle himself.

The Befouling Host’s sigil is the
rusting star, a trio of plagueswords
infested with vile spores.


PAGEBREAK
The icon of the Drowned Men is a
corroded trident set over a tri-lobe, in
honour of their piratical lord.

The Blessed Sons are not a single
Contagium, but an elite brotherhood
of many. Their armour is rotten
green in hue, a mark of devotion to
Grandfather Nurgle, and they have
fought across great swathes of Ghyran,
Aqshy and Ghur beside such heroes as
the Maggoth Lords and the Glottkin.
Between their many Cysts, the Blessed
Sons number hundreds of thousands of
warriors, all swollen with pride at their
revolting achievements.

Clad in verdigrised copper, their
bloated flesh seeping brine, the
Drowned Men are well named. This
is the Contagium that follows Gutrot
Spume to war, their Cysts broken up
into warbands who sail over water, land
and air alike in rotting and sorcerously
infested hulks. The Drowned Men
specialise in raiding tactics, striking
from unexpected quarters and sowing
as much disease and destruction as
possible before making their escape.

The Filthbringers are rightly feared
for the dark magics and foul poisons
they employ in battle. Clad in reeking
maggotbone armour, these twisted
warriors are led by covens of Nurgle
Sorcerers, whose spellcraft spreads
plague amongst the enemy and
summons daemons to support their
Cysts. Often seen in the company of
Festus the Leechlord, this Contagium is
infamous for snatching up hapless foes
to test their latest concoctions upon.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!

The Blessed Sons use the mark of the
chitinous triptych, said to hold the
three secrets of endless rotting.

The Filthbringers’ three-horned skull
symbol is greatly feared as a signifier
of unnatural and incurable disease.


PAGEBREAK
ANNALS OF ENTROPY

Since the Age of Myth, Nurgle has waged his revolting wars throughout the realms of gods and
mortals alike. Though his power waxes and wanes, always his armies rise again to crush the enemy
beneath their trudging advance.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

Nurgle’s armies surged across the
realms. The War of Life turned ever in
his favour, while in Shyish he punished
those who would pervert the cycle of
death and decay for their selfish ends.

THE DROWNED MOUNTAIN

The duardin kingdom of Kazar-Mout thought
themselves safe in their volcano-maw fortress. Yet
with the coming of Rotigus, the volcano’s fires were
doused and its lava turned to seething pus from
which seven thousand daemons crawled.

GESTATION
AND GENESIS

WITH ALARIELLE’S REBIRTH,

THE WAR OF LIFE TURNED AGAINST

NURGLE. EVEN THE GLOTTKIN COULD

NOT STOP THE EVERQUEEN FROM CLOSING

THE GENESIS GATE, THE EIGHTPOINTS’ LINK

TO GHYRAN. ANGRY AND DESPONDENT, THE

PLAGUE GOD FELL INTO A FUGUE THAT

ROBBED HIS FOLLOWERS OF POWER,

SPREADING LIKE AN EPIDEMIC OF

MISERY THROUGH THEIR RANKS

AND LEADING TO ONE DEFEAT

AFTER ANOTHER.

BREAKING
NEW GROUND

NURGLE CHARGED HORTICULOUS

SLIMUX WITH A NEW TASK. THE

GARDENER SET OUT, ROAMING THE

MORTAL REALMS IN SEARCH OF SITES OF

SORCEROUS FECUNDITY. AT EACH, HE SOWED

SEEDS OF CONTAGION THAT GREW QUICKLY

AND BROUGHT THE GARDEN OF NURGLE

SURGING INTO REALITY. ANCIENT WONDERS

AND MIGHTY STRONGHOLDS ALIKE

WERE BURIED IN FECUND FOULNESS,

BUT STILL HORTICULOUS KEPT

PLANTING.

AN UNHOLY QUEST

Disgraced in defeat, the Glottkin
set themselves a mighty task to win
back Nurgle’s favour. Gathering
huge armies, they vowed to spread
seven hundred and seventy seven
plagues across the Mortal Realms.

AIRBORNE CONTAGION

The Skyrealm of Ghur came entirely under the
rule of Lord Asphyxos Sporelung, a mighty
champion of the Rotbringers. Armadas of fly-
riding killers fell upon the kingdoms below,
descending amidst miasmal plague clouds.

FROM THE FILTH BELOW

Festus the Leechlord began his foul
works in the sewers beneath the city of
Templarum. Plagues ravaged the city’s
populace, before an army of Rotbringers
and monks of the Clans Pestilens rose
up to sacrifice the survivors to Nurgle.
Festus claimed the befouled city,
renaming it the Leech’s Lair.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE
PANDAEMONIC
WARS

FORESEEING NURGLE’S RESURGENCE

AND WISHING TO PREVENT IT, TZEENTCH

INVADED THE GARDEN OF NURGLE.

PRISMATIC SPEARS AS TALL AS MOUNTAINS

RAINED DOWN, ARMIES OF SORCEROUS

DAEMONS STREAMING FROM WITHIN THEM.

NURGLE’S LEGIONS COUNTER-ATTACKED,

AND THE FIGHTING SPILLED INTO THE

MORTAL REALMS IN A CAMPAIGN

SPANNING SEVERAL

KINGDOMS.

THE MAGGOT PIT

Atop the Howling Plateau of the Chamon
Hinterwastes, Morbidex Twiceborn and Orghotts
Daemonspew led the defeat of the Bulgut Tribes.
Their army dug a vast Filth Pit, hurling in the
strongest ogor captives and a single maggot. A
hideous feast ensued as the maggot chewed through
one bellowing victim after another, multiplying
again and again. From the ensuing seething mass of
larvae, Bloab Rotspawned was resurrected.

THE FASTNESS BESET

An immense horde of Rotbringers, plague daemons,
Slaves to Darkness and Nurgle-worshipping Brayherds
advanced upon the Greywater Fastness. Knowing
the power of the city’s super-weapons, they began to
systematically poison the lands around it with Filth
Pits and Feculent Gnarlmaws. As the forces of Order
counter-attacked, a churning war zone developed.

ROOT AND ROT

As the forces of Order continued their grinding advance in Ghyran, an alliance of Ironbark
sylvaneth and Fyreslayer mercenaries overran the Deepenroot Vaults. They were quick to
fete their victory over the Clans Pestilens. Yet the ratmens’ deaths fuelled a vast summoning
ritual, conjuring Rotigus Rainfather and Epidemius at the head of seven Plague Legions.
The daemons of Nurgle laid siege to the horrified forces of Order, beginning a conflict that
became more bitter and horrific by the day.

THE
INSIDIOUS
TAINT

SIGMAR AND HIS ALLIES COULD NOT

REMAIN IGNORANT OF HORTICULOUS

SLIMUX’S MISSION FOREVER, AND AS THE

GARDEN OF NURGLE SPREAD, SO THEY SAW

THE DANGER AT LAST. NURGLE HAD WARDED

HIS LIEUTENANT WELL, HOWEVER, AND SO THE

GOD-KING WAS FORCED TO SEND HIS MOST

FLEET-FOOTED RANGERS TO TRACK DOWN AND

BANISH THE GARDENER. LED BY KNIGHT-

ZEPHYROS NEAVE BLACKTALON, THE

RANGERS BEGAN THEIR HUNT,

DETERMINED TO STOP

THE ROT.

WRATH OF THE LAND KRAKEN

Leading an alliance of Contagiums including
the Drowned Men and the Hands of Filth,
Gutrot Spume attacked Hammerhal Aqsha.
Though his army was driven back, they sowed
sickness and death through the outer districts.

THE DRONING

From corrupted Realmgates and infested
plague-groves, storms of flies erupted
to cloud the skies of the Mortal Realms.
Beneath their shadow, poxes flourished, and
in their wake the armies of Nurgle blackened
the land. The Plague God’s new war upon
all the realms had begun, and his foes would
know well his displeasure.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GREAT UNCLEAN ONES

The Great Unclean Ones are Nurgle’s mightiest daemons. Towering over their enemies, these living
hillocks of rotting flesh lumber across the battlefield swinging their rusted weapons, vomiting streams
of filth and unleashing diseased magics upon the foe.

The outward appearance of the Great
Unclean Ones echoes that of Nurgle
himself. Their immense bodies are
bloated with corruption, their necrotic
flesh thick with boils and buboes.
Reeking pus oozes from their exposed
innards, within which gurgling daemon
mites and maggots the length of a
man’s arm squirm and sport. Such
foulness evokes the fundamental truth
of Nurgle’s power: while life endures,
there will always be ruin and decay.

Grotesquely at odds with their foulness,
Great Unclean Ones are eccentric and
cheerful daemons. They are intelligent
and orderly beings that display a
surprising grasp of grand strategy
and battlefield logistics. They are

gregarious and curiously sentimental,
taking real pride in the efforts of their
followers both mortal and daemonic.
Great Unclean Ones often refer to
those who worship and serve them as
their ‘pretties’ or ‘children’, chuckling
indulgently at their posturing, and
delightedly cheering on their efforts
upon the battlefield.

For all their gallows humour, and
the relish with which they go about
spreading misery and plague, Great
Unclean Ones are terrifying when
roused to wrath. Wreathed in lethal
miasmas of disease, they wade through
the enemy ranks, crushing foes beneath
their bulk and pulping the survivors
with their enormous swords and flails.

Some toll rusted summoning bells to
draw forth fresh daemons from the
Realm of Chaos, while others gather
their sorcerous might and unleash
terrible outbreaks of magical plague.
Few indeed are the foes that can stand
for long against such pestilential might.

Since the beginning of the Age of
Chaos, certain Great Unclean Ones
have earned particular infamy, their
names becoming virtual curses
amongst their foes. Such abominations
as Bolathrax, Pupa Grotesse and the
mighty Rotigus are feared and hated
for the corruption they have spread,
the genocides they have overseen and
the gruelling, endless wars they have
fomented across the Mortal Realms.

ROTIGUS

There is one amongst Nurgle’s greater daemons who journeys further than any
other. He trudges through lands mortal and divine, and where he goes, repugnant
life spreads about him in waves. He is Rotigus, the Plague God’s most beneficent
servant, and as the gelid downpour of Nurgle’s Deluge patters endlessly upon his
cowled head he hums a phlegmy dirge. It is Rotigus who answers the desperate
prayers of those beset by drought or famine, who beseech aid from the obscure
demigod they know as Rainfather, Lifefont or the Bringer of Plenty. Only
when this looming abomination arrives in answer to their call and their
lands squirm with his generosity do his victims realise their terrible
mistake. Livestock give birth to deformed young until they carpet the land
in screaming, slime-slick profusion. Flora and fauna bloat and twist with
grotesque fecundity, while the deluge hammers endlessly down and the
filthy waters rise.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HERALDS OF NURGLE

Amongst the ranks of Nurgle’s Plaguebearers stand those with an aptitude for greater things. Such
notable entities, known collectively as Heralds, wield noxious magical powers or possess strange and
grotesque abilities that allow them to augment and lead Nurgle’s foot soldiers upon the battlefield.

POXBRINGERS

Poxbringers project an aura of malign authority. They stand taller and broader
than the Plaguebearers that surround them, their lumpen heads crowned with
magnificent sets of rotting antlers. These daemons are the most common lieutenants
of the Great Unclean Ones, who ensure their orders are carried out to the letter.
They lead their kin into battle with gallows humour. Wielding their baleswords with
prodigious strength, Poxbringers hack down the enemy’s champions and sorcerers
while unleashing their own unclean spells to corrupt and despoil. Nurgle himself
awards the most accomplished Poxbringers with extra duties, which they discharge
with solemn pride. One such individual is Wretch Gab’larr, who is tasked with
studying the effects of Nurgle’s plagues upon specimens never before encountered,
then describing them to his master upon the porch of Nurgle’s Manse.

SLOPPITY BILEPIPERS

Plaguebearers infected with Chortling Murrain fall into a comedic fever,
compulsively capering and quipping. Thus are Sloppity Bilepipers created, and sent
with gutpipes and marotter to amuse Nurgle’s Tallybands. Their jokes and songs
find little purchase amidst the glum Plaguebearers, but Nurgle’s other daemons find
their antics hilarious. Great Unclean Ones boom belly laughs as Nurglings shriek
with mirth, and the Beasts of Nurgle flop about in excited circles, confused but
desperate to join in the fun. Unfortunately for Nurgle’s foes, Chortling Murrain is
very infectious, and can cause mortals to laugh until their sides literally split. Yet
the Bilepipers themselves are always the final victims of their disease. If it goes into
remission, their knack for jesting vanishes, leaving them doomed to become the
next marotter and set of gutpipes for their desperately grinning replacement.

SPOILPOX SCRIVENERS

Spoilpox Scriveners are responsible for ensuring that the Plaguebearers of their
Tallyband do not shirk. They are spiteful creatures, always looking to punish
their fellows, and their mood upon the battlefield is worsened by their snotty and
revolting allergies to the Mortal Realms. The Scriveners know the tally of diseases
that must be counted, and they record the names of those Plaguebearers that
lose count using scritching quills made from the plucked tail feathers of Lords of
Change. All the while, the Scriveners browbeat the daemons around them, their
nasal voices booming from proboscises terminating in huge mouths that can bite a
man in half. Those whose names they take down risk being punished by becoming
new Sloppity Bilepipers, whose tomfoolery the Scriveners despise most of all.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PLAGUEBEARERS

The bulk of Nurgle’s daemon legions are made up of rank upon rank of Plaguebearers. These glum
creatures shamble towards the enemy in a rotting mass, all gangling limbs, necrotic flesh and rheumy,
cyclopean eyes. Like something from a nightmare, they engulf the foe before hacking them apart.

Plaguebearers are composed from the
soul-stuff of mortals who have died of
Nurgle’s Rot. This perfect disease runs
an excruciatingly slow course, during
which its victim’s body bloats up and
rots like that of a corpse. Enduring
unspeakable agonies yet wholly unable
to die, the sufferer’s soul is slowly
eroded until eventually they welcome
the misery and malignancy of their
condition. Driven mad by the Plague
God’s foul gift, they finally perish, only
to be reborn in the Garden of Nurgle as
an immortal Plaguebearer.

Plaguebearers are vile creatures whose
stench alone is enough to knock a
troggoth unconscious. Their skin is
leathery and ridden with sores and
boils. Their organs are so swollen with
corpse gas that many have split-open
guts, from which rancid entrails dangle
like old rope. A single eye stares from
each Plaguebearer’s ghastly face, and a
single horn juts from their forehead.

The constant drone of counting
surrounds bands of Plaguebearers. It is
their unending task to tally the diseases

that Nurgle has inflicted upon reality,
and though such an undertaking
is singularly impossible, still the
Plaguebearers count on and on.

Facing Plaguebearers in battle is a
truly daunting prospect, for their
putrid bodies can withstand all but
the most grievous blows. Meanwhile,
though they strike at their victims but
ponderously, every Plaguebearer wields
a plague sword that exudes lethal filth,
meaning that a single cut from its
jagged edge can kill in seconds.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE’S MALIGNANT MENAGERIE

Many weird daemonic creatures infest the Garden of Nurgle, from the drooling gastrobominus and
the reedy-voiced sirenleech to the filth-sifter, marrowfly and the rare and enormous behemuck. The
most common of these creatures often accompany the Plague Legions to battle.

BEASTS OF NURGLE

Beasts of Nurgle are slug-like
monstrosities whose enormous bodies
are weighed down with slime-slick
muscle and blubber. Fanged maws
yawn wide in their flesh, dripping with
diseased mucus, and around their
heads wave clusters of pox-riddled
tentacles that can throttle a man, or
bite out his jugular with their lamprey

fangs. An unspeakable reek wafts from
the beasts’ foul bodies, and paralytic
goo seeps from their skin to leave trails
wherever they go.

For all their horrifying aspect, the
Beasts of Nurgle are enthusiastic and
friendly creatures. Their simple minds
know nothing of malice or spite, and
as they squirm into battle they do not

seek to slaughter the enemy, but to
play with them. Beasts of Nurgle are
always desperate for attention, and
they hunt down new playmates with
rambunctious glee.

Of course, the beasts’ friendly
disposition is of little help to enemy
warriors crushed beneath their
enormous bulk, or struck down by the
myriad plagues that pulse from their
bodies. The beasts have no idea of their
own strength, hitting the enemy lines
like living battering rams to crush and
rend all around them as they flail with
joy. Only when their playmates stop
moving altogether do the beasts pause
for a moment, burbling anxiously as
they cast about for suddenly absent
friends. Yet soon enough their beady
eyes fasten on some new victim and,
with delirious hoots, the Beasts of
Nurgle are off once more. In their
wake, the crushed remains of their
last playmates bubble and pop as they
slowly dissolve.

NURGLINGS

Wherever the armies of Nurgle march,
they are accompanied by gabbling
swarms of daemon mites known as
Nurglings. Hatched from pustules
within the innards of the Great Unclean
Ones, these horrible little creatures
infest the guts of the larger daemons,
gnawing on loose flaps of flesh and
lapping up seepage.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
In appearance, these mischievous
creatures are tiny facsimiles of Papa
Nurgle, rotund and rotten, with wide,
fang-filled grins, jagged little antlers,
and noisome fluids squirting from
every orifice. The Nurglings also ape
their master’s jollity, cackling and
squealing as they spill across the
battlefield in an undulating tide.

Even a single Nurgling has the potential
to be dangerous, for their needle-sharp
fangs and splintered claws crawl with
disease. In large numbers they can
prove lethal, for they fearlessly hurl
themselves at far larger foes and bury
them in a heaving mass of diseased
flesh. Such an ignominious end has
claimed a surprising number of mighty
warriors, and in sufficient quantities
Nurgling swarms can even drag down
monstrous beasts such as Carnosaurs
or celestial Stardrakes, biting,
clawing and squishing the life out of
their victims.

PLAGUE DRONES

Plague Drones are airborne daemonic
cavalry, high-ranking Plaguebearers
riding into battle astride enormous Rot
Flies. These haughty daemons wield
plague swords dipped seven times in
cauldrons of Nurgle’s Rot, and carry
sacks of death’s heads tied to their
saddles. Fashioned from the stitched
and wax-sealed heads of powerful
mortal warriors, each death’s head
is full to bursting with virulent slop.
When hurled into the enemy, the rotted
craniums burst, spraying infectious
matter across the foe.

Whilst the Plague Drones themselves
are horrifying, the Rot Flies they ride
into battle are worse. Should a Beast
of Nurgle be rebuffed by its mortal
playmates too many times, a canker
of resentment germinates within it.
When the beast is finally banished
back to the Realm of Chaos, it flops
down in the swampy filth of Nurgle’s

garden with a sigh of resignation. Fat
flies swarm upon the beast and form a
living cocoon within which something
new and awful pupates. When the
cocoon bursts open, a Rot Fly crawls
from it fully formed, burning with spite
towards all the enemies that rejected
the attentions of its former incarnation.

The thrum of the flies’ monstrous
wings, the grotesque twitch of their
dangling legs and the pulsating foulness
of their bloated bodies all evoke
atavistic horror in Nurgle’s enemies.
Yet this is as nothing to the terror
they unleash when they attack. Their
iron-hard stingers punch through
armour, while their serrated chitin
forelimbs rend flesh and break bones.
Worse, their mouthparts and prehensile
proboscises can stretch to swallow
a victim whole, gulping down those
who banished the daemon in the past
and trapping them in its distended
abdomen to suffer for evermore.

PLAGUESWORDS

From the least important bubo-licker to the most vaunted herald of disaster, every
one of Nurgle’s Tallymen has a plaguesword to call their own. Forged of ancient
iron, badly rusted and festering with a thousand diseases, the slightest scratch from
one of these corroded weapons can damn a mortal in an instant. Some contract
the dreaded soul-blight known as Nurgle’s Rot, while others are laid low by the
Noxious Squirm, the Sevenfold Sloughing or any one of a billion-and-more other
diseases. Such is the unnatural virulence of these contagions that they can even
cause supernatural creatures to wither and fade, felling Dryads like blighted trees
and eating away the ethereal essence of ghosts and ghasts until their despairing
wails fade to nothingness. Plaguebearers take a dutiful pride in their plagueswords,
ensuring they are always smeared in crusted layers of contagious filth, and
fastidiously dulling their edges on slime-coated rocks.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE GLOTTKIN

Few mortals have risen as high in Nurgle’s regard as the Glottkin. These foul brothers have rampaged
across the Mortal Realms for centuries, leaving a trail of despoilment and horror in their wake. First
amongst the Rotbringers, they rule the Plague God’s mortal armies with a rusted iron fist.

Many tales are told of the Glottkin,
but the truth of their past is shrouded
in legend. Once, it is said, they were
the Brothers Glott, rare triplets born
under a number of ill omens. It was as
if they were marked for Nurgle, fated
to serve the Plague God for eternity.
If the rumours are true, the Glottkin
can trace their origins back to the
world-that-was.

As some of Nurgle’s most favoured
champions, the Glottkin have been
blessed with dark gifts in abundance.
Whether they were granted daemonic
immortality or are unnaturally
sustained by their patron is unknown,
but the Glottkin’s history of causing
mayhem and spreading plague across
the Mortal Realms is recorded in the
annals of many fallen empires.

Otto Glott is the most senior of the
triplets – a fact he often points out –
by the merest of moments. Otto is a
lordly warrior, capable of cutting down
any mortal hero without so much as
breaking stride. In battle, he wields a
scythe anointed with the poisonous
filth of his own body, swinging the
weapon with such strength that it can
slice a Stormcast in two. Otto’s wilful
optimism is all the more ghastly in
one so revoltingly damned. He often
whistles a harvestman’s tune as he goes
about his bloody work, and his leprous
body is seemingly immune to pain.

Ethrac Glott is a sorcerer of Nurgle,
blessed with arcane powers and an
encyclopaedic knowledge of infectious
disease. He is mean-spirited and
cunning, with a mind that tends
towards devious and elaborate plots.
Like the diseases he so loves, Ethrac
ebbs and flows – for periods he is
manic with energy and prone to fits
of fever dreams. At other times, he
falls into melancholy, growing ever
more insular and paranoid about
imagined conspiracies.

The last of the brothers is Ghurk. As
the rumours tell it, he was once the
slightest of his brethren and the fairest
to look upon – but no longer. So
swollen has Ghurk grown that he could
flatten a gargant. He possesses strength
enough to uproot trees, barge down
castle gates and throttle monsters with
his huge tentacular arm. Meanwhile,
his prodigious size allows him to carry
his siblings upon his back, for the
horns that grow there act as a kind of
howdah. He is all but unstoppable, and
can wade through storms of fire and
sorcery without slowing, resolutely
refusing to die no matter what violence
is inflicted upon him. Yet these boons
of Nurgle have come at a cost, for
Ghurk is always hungry, and his mind
has shrivelled, making him little more
than a burbling idiot. Ghurk goes
where his brothers tell him, but has
meagre will of his own.

Although the two elder Glottkin argue
frequently, and even Ghurk sometimes
grows tired of his brethren’s orders,
the trio are inseparable. They have
won many crucial victories in the
Plague God’s name, from the Great
Uncleansing and the fall of Athelwyrd,
to the defeat of Neferata, the Mortarch
of Blood, during the Shambling Wars.

Yet the Glottkin have failed too, on
more than one occasion, for their
powers wax and wane like those
of their god. The penance that the
brothers served after Alarielle’s escape
at the battle of Fellfields was prolonged,
but Nurgle’s displeasure was greater
still after their defeat at the Genesis
Gate during the final battles of the
Realmgate Wars. Struck down by
Alarielle, the Glottkin plunged into
a filth-streaked waterfall, only to be
snatched up by Nurgle and cast into
a prison the nature of which even
garrulous Otto will not speak.

Nurgle is not a deity given to sterile
endings; the cycle of blooming and
decay must continue without end.
Eventually he released the Glottkin.
Since being set free, the brothers have
gathered the Rotbringers in numbers
not seen for an age. They have begun
a fresh rampage across the Mortal
Realms, spreading countless diseases
and causing endless suffering, all to win
back the Plague God’s favour.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
29

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE MAGGOTH LORDS

There are great champions amongst the Rotbringers who, through might and misadventure both, have
earned the right to ride gangle-limbed pox maggoths into battle. They travel the Mortal Realms as
agents of Nurgle’s will, furthering his diabolical plans with every gruesome deed.

ORGHOTTS
DAEMONSPEW

Half mortal and half daemon, Orghotts
Daemonspew is a warrior consumed by
bitterness. Rumour has it that he was
the result of an unholy union between a
Great Unclean One and a mortal witch,
though whether such an unlikely tryst
was brought about by a dark pact or
something even fouler is best not to
consider. Whatever the truth, Orghotts
possesses many daemonic traits, from a
sham immortality to tainted blood that
jets in corrosive arcs should his leathery
skin be pierced. However, he is no true
daemon, and it is this fact that has filled
him with such bile.

Orghotts believes that true
daemonhood is his destiny, and
the Garden of Nurgle his home by
birthright. Yet Orghotts’ heritage
condemns him to roam the Mortal
Realms, never able to truly enter the
garden of his god. He has visited this
realm but once, and even then it was
in a dreamlike state that proved more
hell than heaven, for he could not
touch, taste or smell the foetid wonder
all around him. During that sojourn,
Orghotts claimed his paired Rotaxes,
the only objects that he was able to
touch. He has wielded them ever since
as a reminder of the divinity that surely
awaits him.

Daemonspew rides to war astride
the repulsive pox maggoth known as
Whippermaw, who tolerates him due to
the daemonic taint that flows through
his clotted veins. The beast’s lash-like
tongue secretes a venom so potent it
can slay an ogor in moments.

Whippermaw has borne Orghotts on
an endless campaign across the Mortal
Realms for hundreds of years. From
the Orb Infernia to the Isles of Talbion,
Agholheim to the Red Crescent,
Orghotts has slaughtered and corrupted
all in his path, hoping against hope that
Nurgle will finally reward him with
true daemonhood.

MORBIDEX TWICEBORN

The leering fiend known as Morbidex
Twiceborn has ravaged the Jade
Kingdoms of Ghyran for centuries.
Sitting heavily astride the saddle of his
pox maggoth, Tripletongue, Morbidex
rides into battle at the head of a
squelching tide of Nurglings.

Morbidex is the chosen champion
of these malevolent mites, and his
revolting appearance echoes their
own. He also shares the hardiness of
the Nurgle daemons, shrugging off the
most heinous of wounds as he leads
the teeming masses to overrun the
enemy’s lines.

Though Morbidex was not always
the vile being he is now, he was never
handsome. He was born amidst a
firestorm as his village burned at
the hands of raiders, and was left
badly scarred by the flames. Despite,
or perhaps because of his injuries,
Morbidex grew to be a fierce warrior
and the chieftain of his tribe. Yet he
never forgave his disfigurement, which
he laid at the door of Tzeentch, the
master of sorcerous flames.

Eventually, Morbidex set out to find the
realm of the gods, and offer his service
to Tzeentch’s greatest rival, Nurgle.
As it was, Nurgle found him first. As

Morbidex scaled a vast cliff that, as
the myths went, led to the Realm of
Chaos, he was engulfed by an avalanche
of Nurglings. Buried alive, Morbidex
believed he would perish. Instead, he
survived by gasping out answers to
riddles posed by the giggling daemons
suffocating him. For every correct
answer, the Nurglings pushed him
higher through the slimy press. Yet
for each mistake, they transformed an
aspect of his physical form to resemble
that of their own. By the time Morbidex
clawed his way to freedom, he had
become the Twiceborn, champion of
Nurgle, Rotbringer avatar of Nurglings
and scourge upon the Mortal Realms.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BLOAB ROTSPAWNED

From afar, the sorcerer Bloab
Rotspawned appears to be constantly
surrounded by swarms of insects. In
truth, Bloab is the Swarm, and the
Swarm is Bloab. He is the Lord of
Daemon-flies, and his foul might is a
fearsome thing to behold.

Bloab was once a lean and powerful
champion, part of a nomadic tribe that
venerated Nurgle with their conquests.
Yet the Plague God took exception to
Bloab’s sadistic habits, for the young
warrior found a compulsive delight in
tormenting small animals and insects.
Nurgle values all life, no matter how

minuscule, and he became irritated
that such a promising champion was
wasting his spite upon the least of
foes, instead of proving Nurgle’s might
against real enemies.

the inside out by masses of maggots.
Reduced eventually to a fleshy sack,
Bloab lived still thanks to Nurgle’s
blessings. His lesson taught, Nurgle yet
had work for Bloab Rotspawned.

Resolving to teach Bloab a lesson, the
Plague God sent a swarm of daemon-
flies into his cave one night. The
grinning insects poured into Bloab’s
snoring mouth, packing out his body
and laying thousands of eggs in his
innards before emerging, bloodied and
jubilant, to fly away into the night.

Bloab woke in agony as the eggs
hatched, and he was eaten slowly from

Since that day the sorcerer has laboured
tirelessly to spread teeming life to
barren wastes and pristine glades alike.
So diligent has he proved that Nurgle
rewarded him with a filth-spitting pox
maggoth steed named Bilespurter.
Though the Lord of Daemon-flies was
slain by Tornus the Redeemed during
the Realmgate Wars, whispers of his
return have spread far and wide. After
all, none can truly kill the swarm.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ROTBRINGER LORDS

The Contagiums of the Rotbringers are led by powerful champions of Nurgle, grotesque warriors who
have perpetrated foul deeds in his name and walked far along the Path to Glory. Each pursues the
ultimate prize of daemonhood, and will overcome any hardship or foe to win it.

LORDS OF AFFLICTIONS

Astride a massive Rot Fly, the Lord of
Afflictions spearheads the Rotbringer
charge. The wings of his revolting steed
streak the sky with foulness as he leads
attack waves of fly-mounted mortals
and daemons directly into the heart of
the enemy’s forces.

A Lord of Afflictions is a plague vector
supreme, whose principal duty to
Nurgle is the spreading of contagions
and parasites. Like an airborne phage
he bypasses barricades and fortress
walls, such physical obstacles powerless
to hold him back as he drones
ponderously overhead.

Those enemies facing a Lord of
Afflictions must first contend with
his dolorous tocsin, the weighty iron
wrecking bell that trails beneath his
steed. As his Rot Fly swoops down,
the dolorous tocsin slams through the
enemy ranks. Warriors are smashed
from their feet by the bell’s great weight,
every impact sending a doleful toll
rolling across the battlefield. With his
victims scattered and reeling, the Lord
of Afflictions descends to wreak havoc.
In one hand he carries a festerspike,
a long-hafted trident that he stabs
viciously at the enemy. With its prongs
coated in infectious filth, the slightest
cut from one of these weapons is utterly

lethal, instantly becoming thick with
oozing pus and squirming maggots.
Many of these Lords of Nurgle also
carry an incubatch, a rotted corpse
that is a hotbed of Nurgle’s most
virulent diseases.

Contagion spreads outward from
those wounded by the Lord of
Afflictions with frightening speed. As
the Rotbringer lord buzzes skyward
once more in search of fresh victims
to infect, he leaves in his passing a
blossoming epidemic of his god’s
deadliest plagues, a sight which warms
his blackened soul as he soars above the
press of combat.

LORDS OF BLIGHTS

A Lord of Blights is a brutish figure
who creates and destroys in equal
measure. Swollen with muscle, he
lumbers into the midst of the foe
swinging his bubotic hammer in
thunderous arcs. Every impact shatters
bone and ruptures organs, leaving
his victims lying like bruised and
rotten fruit upon the ground. The
bludgeoning assault redoubles as the
Lord of Blights uses his vermid shield
to block incoming blows, before
smashing his enemies from their feet
with the fly-shaped slab of corroded
iron. Yet this brutality has a purpose
beyond simple murder.

As he batters his enemies, a Lord of
Blights watches for those whose hardy
flesh does not rupture beneath his
blows, or who withstand his assault for
more than a few crushing strikes. Such
worthy victims are marked for later
and, after the battle, they are gathered
up for the sowing to follow.

Using the meat-mulch created by the
butchery of battle, and husbanding the
plagues that seethe through the remains
of the Rotbringers’ foes, a Lord of
Blights plants corpse orchards. Twisted
gallows trees sprout high to blight the
land, bearing aloft the bodies of the
lord’s chosen victims by hempen nooses

set about their necks. Within the head
of each cadaver, carefully filled with pus
drawn from a Great Unclean One and
sealed with a mixture of blood and wax,
a batch of virulent disease brews until a
new death’s head ripens. The readiness
of these macabre fruits is shown when
the victims’ withered bodies drop off to
decay at the feet of the gallows trees. At
this time, the Lord of Blights harvests
his foul crops and distributes them
amongst his followers, so that they
can be flung at the enemy to detonate
in bursts of noxious effluvia. The lord
keeps the finest specimens for himself,
hanging them from his gallowrack to
hurl during battle.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
LORDS OF PLAGUES

A Lord of Plagues is a despoiler and
a desecrator, who sows rotting filth
and sundered corpsemeat across the
Mortal Realms by seeking out and
hacking down the greatest enemies of
his gruesome god. Such champions
of Nurgle are typically belligerent and
direct, resolutely leading their Cysts
to where the fighting is thickest and
cleaving apart everything in
their path.

These aggressive and unsubtle
champions of Nurgle are
sometimes known as Festering
Headsmen, or the Executioners
of Nurgle. Their weapons and
bodies alike seethe with disease,
which they spread with every
blow they strike. A Lord of Plagues
even does his god’s work through
suffering injury, for those enemies
who successfully pierce the bloated
flesh of such a grotesque champion
are rewarded with splattering jets of
foulness. Any caught in the spray are
infected with everything from Scabrous
Squirm to Nurgle’s Rot, turning their
short-lived victory into a long and
agonising defeat.

Meanwhile, the Lord of Plagues
hacks and hews at his foes with grim
intensity. Some chant as they go about
their duties, their macabre intonations
carrying over the hideous crunch
and splatter of shattered bone and
sundered flesh. Every rent corpse
he leaves in his wake, every spray of
fluids and ruptured organ, is another
tilled field ripe for colonisation by
Nurgle’s diseases.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
HARBINGERS OF DECAY

When the evil omen known as Nurgle’s
Moon hangs tri-lobed and lambent
in the sky, the oppressed tribes of the
Mortal Realms know an offering must
be made to the Plague God. A babe
aged seven months and seven days
must be taken from its mother and
given into the arms of old Grandfather
Nurgle. The child is taken to the tribe’s
shrine and abandoned there. In the
morning it is gone, the only clues to
its vanishing a trail of sulphurous hoof
prints leading away into the wilds.

Some say that it is the Harbingers of
Decay that come for the offerings,
others that the abandoned infants
are destined to become Harbingers
themselves, thus inheriting such power
that they go beyond the reach of death

SORCERERS OF NURGLE

Sorcerers of Nurgle wield the powers of
decay, entropy and putrefaction. With
a string of glottal curses they can turn
their enemies’ blood to brackish filth,
belch vast clouds of flies or bless their
allies with empowering poxes that bloat
their bodies and thicken their hides.

Such unnatural powers carry a heavy
cost. Many Sorcerers of Nurgle begin
as scholarly wizards, or shamans
whose magical abilities are derived
from the natural energies of the Mortal
Realms. Yet in their quest for ever
greater knowledge and power, these
gifted individuals stray onto the path
of damnation. Some seek the might
to protect their tribes from harm, or
forbidden texts containing the secrets

their god’s desires known. It is a brave
or foolhardy Lord who ignores the
counsel of his Harbinger, and tales
abound of the grisly fates that such
heathens have met. Rotbringers fighting
beneath the gaze of such a figure battle
all the harder, for they feel the eye of
Nurgle resting upon them and dread
their god’s noisome displeasure. Yet
such fear is as nothing to the plague of
terror that sweeps the enemy’s ranks
when they face a Harbinger of Nurgle.
Leaping from one brave warrior to
the next, the Shudderblight pales the
flesh, clouds the mind and causes
the victim’s emotions to manifest
physically and rot them from within.
Any who survive this dreadful affliction
are left weakened and despairing,
easy prey for the deadly swing of the
Harbinger’s scythe.

to look upon, their bodies pustule-
ridden and crawling with diseased
vermin. Many wear mouldering robes,
mildewed cloaks and arcane badges
of office, and they carry Rotwood
staves and satchels of stained scrolls
into battle with which to focus their
dark powers.

Though at times an especially
powerful Sorcerer will lead a Cyst or
Contagium to war, many prefer to
act as manipulators and counsellors
to a suitably powerful lord. Sorcerers
supply such a patron with dark lore and
esoteric magics to bolster his armies
in battle, all the while advancing their
own schemes. Like parasites they suckle
power from the lands, transmitting
Nurgle’s plagues in the process.

for evermore. Whatever the truth,
these sinister figures are regarded
with superstitious fear by even the
staunchest Rotbringers, who know
them as the Empty Ones, or the Stolen.
Slumped beings whose features are
hidden in the deep shadows of their
cowls, Harbingers ride rotted nags
whose hides teem with parasites. Fat
flies swarm about them, crawling in
and out of their robes, and where their
steeds’ hooves tread the soil, maggots
and worms spill up from the loam.

Harbingers speak but rarely, and
when they do their voices sound like
the insectile rustle of chitin. All who
worship Nurgle attend such utterances
well, for it is said that the Harbingers
can read the subtle omens in rot and
bloat, corrosion and ruin that make

that they believe must surely be of use
in the war against Chaos. Others are
simply avaricious or incautious, but
whatever the case, their fates are the
same. One rot-bound tome thrown
open beneath the light of a poisoned
moon, one lungful of corrupted spores
or proscribed incantation uttered,
and their soul becomes forfeit. Nurgle
takes his due, claiming his new
champion and raining down his fecund
blessings upon them until they are
utterly transformed.

Of course, many Rotbringer Sorcerers
rise up from amongst the ranks of the
myriad mortal worshippers of Chaos,
willingly pledging themselves to Nurgle
in exchange for his unnatural gifts.
Either way, these beings are grotesque

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GUTROT SPUME

Gutrot Spume is a monstrously
deformed Rotbringer whose might
is matched only by his boundless
confidence. Known by many as the
Lord of Tentacles, Spume’s rotten body
reeks of spoiled fish and brine, while
the entire left side of his torso is a
waving mass of tentacles set around a
fang-filled maw. Spume’s opponents
must contend not only with his
inhuman strength and skill, but also
with the fleshy tendrils that assail them
to ensnare, crush and throttle.

Spume was once a tribal chieftain
on the coast of the Ocean of Blades.
When the Age of Chaos began he led
a hunting fleet in pursuit of a vast
rot kraken, hoping to slay the beast
and thus impress the gods. Though
the monster mauled his fleet, and its
young tore his flesh, Spume stabbed the
kraken, and was still fighting even as it
dragged him down. At that moment,
Nurgle saw Spume’s potential and
blessed him. The Lord of Tentacles
rose from the waters as a monstrous
champion of Nurgle, dominating the
rot kraken with his will and claiming
its body as his new lair. Nurgle raised
the ships of Spume’s hunting fleet,
crewed by those who had followed him
and who were now elevated to become
Putrid Blightkings for their tenacity.
Since that day, Gutrot Spume and his
fleet have travelled the Mortal Realms,
raiding and spreading corruption at
will. Spume’s flagship is a rotting hulk
of gargantuan size that teeters atop the
mountainous kraken, while his fleet
sails over land and sea alike upon the
slime that it leaves in its wake.

FESTUS THE
LEECHLORD

The grotesque plague apothecary
known as Festus the Leechlord is
an almost mythical figure to the
Rotbringers. There are
those who say that Festus
was once a kind and driven
healer who sought to defeat
the myriad ills assailing
mankind. It would prove
his undoing. Affronted
by the mortal doctor’s
presumptuousness, Nurgle
tormented him with ever
more heinous varieties of
incurable disease, until at
last Festus was driven to
the depths of despair. It was
then that Nurgle offered him the
knowledge that he sought– all it would
cost was his soul. Maddened and
desperate, Festus accepted, and was
forever damned.

Since the Age of Chaos began, Festus
has been sighted across the Mortal
Realms. Some believe him to be
a daemon, others a Rotbringer of
exceptional age and malevolence.
His coming heralds outbreaks of the
most lethal and bizarre plagues, for
Festus comes not to conquer in the
conventional sense, but to experiment.
Just like Grandfather Nurgle himself,
Festus delights in the act of creating
virulent life and then unleashing it
upon the ungrateful foe, brewing
magnificent new sicknesses with the
aid of his devoted Nurgling assistants,
Mucus and Pukus, and singing operatic
duets with his favourite leeches as
he works.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PUTRID BLIGHTKINGS

Putrid Blightkings are Nurgle’s favoured, exceptional mortals who have chosen his worship and been
marked by their deity to bear his feculent gifts. They are powerful warriors indeed, for the might of
the Plague God clogs their veins.

No Chaos God boasts hardier mortal
servants than Nurgle. The Putrid
Blightkings are hulking monstrosities,
swollen with pus and unnatural
vitality. Their bodies are deformed
abominations of open wounds and
seeping sores, wriggling parasites and
spilling innards, yet they know nothing
of pain or fatigue.

So hardy are these chosen warriors
that they advance relentlessly through
the thickest hail of arrows or the most
extreme battlefield conditions. They
never falter, no matter the projectiles
that pepper their rotting hides or
the sorcerous flames that lick about

them. Putrid Blightkings take obscene
pleasure in soaking up the worst
punishment their enemies can mete
out, before booming scornful laughs
and wading in to crush their foes.

Nurgle values and rewards all who
excel in spreading his gifts across the
Mortal Realms. Putrid Blightkings
are drawn not only from the ranks
of warriors and soldiers, but also
scholars, surgeons, apothecaries, poets
and countless other walks of life. The
Blightkings’ disgusting appearance
is thus counterpointed by a surreal
conviviality. They exchange jests,
compose revolting verses in praise of

the Plague God’s finest blights, and bait
their enemies with vivid descriptions
of the symptoms they will soon exhibit.
None of this takes away from their
prowess in battle. The Blightkings
swing huge axes, scythes and hammers,
smashing their enemies from their
feet with ease. They purposefully spit
and squirt their rank secretions across
their foes, seeking to infect the enemy
as much as to slaughter them. Between
the horrendous stench that wafts from
their decaying bodies, the dolorous
toll of rusted bells and the shocking
brutality of their attack, it is no wonder
many choose to flee rather than face
these warriors in battle.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Some Putrid Blightkings choose to
undergo a rite known as the Feast of
Maggots. Swearing a sevenfold oath
to Nurgle upon a site of particularly
repulsive corruption, they allow their
Cyst’s Sorcerer to drop a ravenous
slathermaggot into one of their
open wounds. This hungry daemon-
larva sets to work, chewing its way
through the Blightking’s necrotic
flesh until its body bursts, only to
disgorge two identical simulacra of the
original maggot.

If left unchecked, the maggots will
consume their host within seven days.
To avoid this grim fate, the Blightking
must seek out the worshippers of
Nurgle’s brother gods and infect them
with the slathermaggot curse. One
offering after another must be riddled
with parasites, doomed to be devoured
as fuel for the spawning of ever
more wriggling grubs. Finally, if the

staggering, half-devoured Rotbringer
succeeds in infecting seventy-seven
foes with his curse, the insects in
his body cease eating and congeal
into muscle and fat, bulking him out
with new putrid might. At the same
moment a terrible droning fills the air,
and down from on high thrums a Rot
Fly, sent by Nurgle as a reward for the
Blightking’s devotion.

Mounting his new steed, the warrior
becomes a Pusgoyle Blightlord, one of
Nurgle’s elite mortal airborne cavalry.
His relationship with the Rot Fly is
symbiotic, for the Blightlord vows to
protect the spiteful creature with his life
and rarely leaves its saddle. This bond
helps to anchor the daemonic beast
in reality, allowing it to better hunt
down its mortal victims without the
risk of being drawn back to the Garden
of Nurgle. In exchange, the Rot Fly
bears its rider faithfully into battle.

Droning bands of Pusgoyle Blightlords
form the vanguard of the Rotbringer
Contagiums, swooping in low over the
enemy with their scythes swinging.
Between the powerful blows of the
Blightlords themselves and the lashing
limbs and biting maws of their mounts,
such a band of aerial cavalry can shatter
an enemy battle line in a single charge.
Like a wound that admits a lethal
infection, they tear open a gap for the
rest of the Rotbringers to flow into and
destroy the foe from the inside out.

To aid in this line-breaking duty, some
Blightlords tether dolorous tocsins
to the underside of their steed. These
huge wrecking bells smash into enemy
regiments, scattering serried ranks
and shield walls. Such is the weight of
their impact that they can even smash
barricades to splinters and overturn
lumbering war engines, all the while
clanging out an infernal din.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
VISIONS

DECAYOF

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Rotigus Rainfather raises his gnarlrod high as he leads his fellow daemons of Nurgle to conquer the lands.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
A Spoilpox Scrivener spews his spiteful vitriol, trying his best to be heard over the manic jollity of a Sloppity Bilepiper.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Beasts of Nurgle bound gleefully into battle, maws slobbering and tentacles spraying paralytic slime.

Rotigus leads a great horde of Nurgle daemons to drive the Stormcast Rangers from the ruins of ancient Oskyr.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Spoilpox Scrivener

Sloppity Bilepiper

Great Unclean One

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Horticulous Slimux on Mulch

Plagueridden

Plaguebearer

Icon Bearer

Beast of Nurgle

Beast of Nurgle

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Rotbringers pour from a corrupted Realmgate to spread corruption and death amidst the forests of the sylvaneth.

46

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Pusgoyle Blightlords swoop into battle, their revolting steeds drizzling foul fluids as they drone through the skies.

Putrid Blightkings and Pusgoyle Blightlords advance unstoppably into battle, intoning their grim war chants.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The mortal followers of Nurgle rally around the Glottkin, intent on bringing the Plague God’s gifts to the realms.

49

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Pusgoyle Blightlord

Lord of Afflictions

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Lord of Plagues

Lord of Blights

Gutrot Spume

Putrid Blightking

Putrid Blightking

Putrid Blightking

Putrid Blightking

Putrid Blightking

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE REPUGNANT PARADE

The Repugnant Parade is a Maggotkin army that only recently joined the war for the Mortal Realms.
Led by the ever-chortling Great Unclean One Blorx’flogg Bileguts, this foul horde has wasted no time
in spreading sickness and despair across the Jade Kingdom of Sede.

Blorx’flogg is a jolly monster, his
bloated form quivering with his endless
mirth. Every one of his victims’ efforts
at resistance makes Blorx’flogg laugh
out loud, causing tides of giggling
Nurglings to shower from the splits

in his skin and sheets of rancid bile
to spill from his maw and drown his
foes. Blorx’flogg’s jollity increases yet
further at the antics of his Sloppity
Bilepiper, Spoughly Spughe, who
capers into battle at the head of a

daemonic Tallyband. Plaguebearers,
Nurgling swarms, Plague Drones and
bounding Beasts of Nurgle make up
this force, constantly chivvied on by
their overseer, the spiteful Spoilpox
Scrivener Nux.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Nor do the daemons fight alone. Led by
the Lord of Plagues, Sputus Rotspit, the
Plague Cyst known as the Gallblades
crush their enemies beneath their
inexorable advance. They fight hard to
prove themselves worthy of Nurgle’s
gifts, for they are followed into battle
by the Harbinger of Decay known as
Hope’s Shroud. Though this cadaverous
figure never speaks, his mere presence
is enough to fill his comrades with grim
resolve, and their enemies with dread.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING MAGGOTKIN

The hordes of Nurgle offer bountiful opportunities to paint some truly disgusting and characterful
models. With a riot of foul and unusual textures, a palette of rot, mould and festering innards, and
numerous places to use Citadel Technical paints, painting your Maggotkin is gruesome and fun.

Below you will find a series of easy-to-replicate techniques for painting the foul armour, diseased blades and rancid, blubbery
flesh of your Maggotkin. Those with a strong enough stomach will find these tips useful for achieving great results!

ARMOUR

Basecoat with Brass
Scorpion, then apply a wash
of Reikland Fleshshade.
Tidy up the raised areas with
more Brass Scorpion, then
paint thinned-down Sotek
Green into the recesses.
Finish with an edge highlight
of Stormhost Silver.

Over a Corax White
undercoat, apply a layer
of Screaming Skull. Shade
the recesses with Seraphim
Sepia, then highlight the
edges with White Scar. For
the corrosion, paint thinned-
down Rhinox Hide into the
pits and recesses.

Start with a basecoat of
Castellan Green, then shade
the recesses with Reikland
Fleshshade. Highlight the
edges with lines of Elysian
Green, then even thinner
lines of Ogryn Camo.

Basecoat with Incubi
Darkness, then shade the
recesses with Nuln Oil.
Apply a two-stage edge
highlight, first with Kabalite
Green, then with Ogryn
Camo. Finish by using
Nurgle’s Rot to create the
effect of slime seeping from
the holes.

PLAGUESWORDS

Basecoat Skullcrusher
Brass, shade with Agrax
Earthshade, edge with
Stormhost Silver, then apply
dots of Nihilakh Oxide.

Basecoat Abaddon Black,
then edge with Sotek Green
and Temple Guard Blue.
Apply dots of Ulthuan Grey
to suggest a shine.

Apply a basecoat of Abaddon
Black, then an edge highlight
of Ironbreaker. Finish with
patches of Nurgle’s Rot.

Basecoat Leadbelcher. Shade
with Agrax Earthshade then
apply Typhus Corrosion and
Ryza Rust. Finally, drybrush
with Necron Compound.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
RUST

Basecoat the metal with Leadbelcher, then follow with an all-over wash of Agrax Earthshade. Apply patches of Ryza Rust, then
edge highlight with Stormhost Silver.

GREEN SKIN

First, apply a basecoat of
Death Guard Green over a
Corax White undercoat.

GREY SKIN

Next, apply an all-over wash
of Athonian Camoshade.

Then, apply a layer of Death
Guard Green, leaving the
recesses dark.

Lastly, apply an edge
highlight of Ogryn Camo to
bring out the raised detail.

Apply a basecoat of Celestra
Grey over an Abaddon
Black undercoat.

Mix Coelia Greenshade and
Lahmian Medium and apply
as an all-over wash.

Once the shade has
completely dried, apply a
layer of Celestra Grey.

Use Ulthuan Grey to apply
an edge highlight to the
raised areas.

DETAILS

Basecoat the exposed innards
with Cadian Fleshtone.

Apply a layer of Blood for
the Blood God to achieve
this revolting effect.

To make your models’
buboes look slimy, apply
Nurgle’s Rot to them.

Use a dot of Ungor Flesh to
make the buboes stand out
and look ready to pop.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ARMIES

OF
THE

PLAGUE GOD

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF NURGLE

On the following pages you will find exciting rules for your Nurgle army. These include powerful
allegiance abilities and items, a new battleplan and scenery model, and warscrolls and battalions that
describe the unwholesome forces of the Plague God in games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

From the foul blessings granted
by Nurgle to revolting artefacts of
incredible virulence, this section
provides rules and abilities for the
Plague God’s armies.

ALLEGIANCE

When you choose your army, you
can also choose an allegiance for
it. If you do so, you can use the
allegiance abilities that correspond
to the allegiance you have chosen.

On the following pages you will
find a set of allegiance abilities that
can be used for an army that has
the NURGLE allegiance. In order to
have the NURGLE allegiance, all of
the units in the army must either
have the NURGLE keyword, or be
assigned the NURGLE keyword
during set-up.

If an army could have more than
one allegiance, you must pick one
to apply to it during the game.
The allegiance you choose will
apply for the duration of the battle,
even if you add new units to the
army during the battle that have a
different allegiance.

Battle Traits: An allied army fights
with unity and cohesion, granting it
additional boons. See pages 59-61
for the battle traits available to a

NURGLEarmy.

Command Traits: Each leader has

their own style of command. See page
62 for the command traits available to
NURGLE generals.

Artefacts of Power: These profane

treasures and blessings are borne by
Nurgle’s mightiest champions. See
pages 63-65 for the artefacts your army
can be gifted.

The Lores of Nurgle: Nurgle’s

minions can unleash powerful magic
to overwhelm, corrupt and destroy
their victims. See pages 66-67 for the
spells available to WIZARDS from a

NURGLEarmy.

NAMED CHARACTERS

Rotigus, Epidemius, Horticulous
Slimux, the Glottkin, Orghotts
Daemonspew, Bloab Rotspawned,
Morbidex Twiceborn, Festus the
Leechlord and Gutrot Spume are
singular and powerful champions
of Nurgle with their own unique
personalities and bespoke items of
terrible potency. As such, these models
cannot have a command trait or
artefact of power.

BATTLEPLAN

The battleplan on page 74 allows you to

fight a battle based on the tactics that

Nurgle’s followers use in war.

PATH TO GLORY

On pages 68-73 you will find rules

for playing a Path to Glory campaign.

Included are warband tables to help

you collect your army and a warband

roster you can use in your games.

WARSCROLL
BATTALIONS

Pages 78-85 describe formations

made up of several units that combine

their strengths to gain powerful new

abilities. There are rules for fielding

some of the most renowned warbands

and daemonic hosts, each possessing its

own strengths and distinct character.

WARSCROLLS

Pages 86-103 describe the

characteristics and abilities of

the individual units that form a

NURGLEarmy.

MOUNTS

Some heroes have a mount that they

can ride. In such cases, any command

traits or magical artefacts can only

be used to affect attacks made by the

hero, and have no effect on attacks

made by their mount unless specifically

stated otherwise.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

A Nurgle army is a revolting sight, a relentless horde of diseased warriors that pervert the natural
order by spreading corruption and decay. This section describes the battle traits that a Nurgle army
possesses, and the command traits that its general can have.

BATTLE TRAITS

A NURGLE army has the following
battle traits:

Cycle of Corruption: Nurgle’s power

and blessings follow a never-ending
cycle of fecundity and decay.

Roll a dice at the start of the first battle
round of any battle that includes any
NURGLE armies, before rolling to see

who has the first turn. Refer to the table
opposite to see which stage of the Cycle
of Corruption is currently taking place
– this applies to all NURGLE armies. The
Cycle of Corruption moves clockwise
one step at the start of each new battle
round. For example, if the roll on the
Cycle of Corruption table was a 5, then
Nauseous Revulsion would apply in the
first battle round, Rampant Disease in
the second, Corrupted Regrowth in the

third, and so on. The rule for the current
stage applies for the duration of the
battle round.

D6

Stage of Corruption

1
2
3
4
5
6

Unnatural Vitality
Fecund Vigour
The Burgeoning
Plague of Misery
Nauseous Revulsion
Rampant Disease

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Garden of Nurgle: When the armies of Nurgle march to
war, their filth and corruption causes Feculent Gnarlmaws to
burst from the soil, revolting trees from the Realm of Chaos
which attract the Plague God’s daemons.

After all other terrain features are set up, but before you
choose a territory or set up your army, you can set up one
Feculent Gnarlmaw (pg 103) anywhere on the battlefield that
is more than 1" from any other terrain feature. If both players
can set up a Feculent Gnarlmaw, each player rolls a dice,
rolling again in the case of a tie, and whoever rolls higher can
choose the order in which the Feculent Gnarlmaws are set up.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Summon Daemons of Nurgle: Areas of the Mortal Realms

that are overrun by Nurgle’s minions become weak points in
reality through which his daemons can be drawn from the
Realm of Chaos.

You can summon units of NURGLE DAEMONS to the
battlefield if you collect enough contagion points. At the start
of each of your hero phases, you receive 3 contagion points if
there are any friendly NURGLE models in your own territory,
and 3 additional contagion points if there are any friendly
NURGLE models in your opponent’s territory. If there are
no enemy models in the same territory as friendly NURGLE
models, you receive 1 extra contagion point for that territory.
In addition, you receive D3 contagion points for each
Feculent Gnarlmaw that has no enemy models within 3" of it.

If you have 7 or more contagion points at the end of your
movement phase, you can summon one or more units from
the following list to the battlefield, and add them to your
army. Each unit you summon costs a number of contagion
points, as shown on the list, and you can only summon a unit
if you have enough contagion points remaining to pay its cost.

Summoned units must be set up wholly within 12" of a
Feculent Gnarlmaw or a friendly NURGLE HERO, and more
than 9" from any enemy models. If the summoned unit is a
Feculent Gnarlmaw, it must also be set up more than 1" from
any terrain features. Subtract the cost of the summoned unit
from the number of contagion points you have available
immediately after it has been set up.

Unit

1 Great Unclean One
1 Horticulous Slimux
3 Plague Drones
20 Plaguebearers
1 Poxbringer, Herald of Nurgle
1 Sloppity Bilepiper, Herald of Nurgle
1 Spoilpox Scrivener, Herald of Nurgle
10 Plaguebearers
1 Beast of Nurgle
3 Nurgling bases
5 Plaguebearers
1 Nurgling base
1 Feculent Gnarlmaw

Cost

28
21
21
21
14
14
14
14
14
14
7
7
7

‘When the plague moon bloats up fat like Nurgle’s
jaundiced eye, when the Maggotkin go a-marching, and
the mists churn foetid moist, then can the daemons of
the Plague God be beckoned hence to walk the realms.

Firstly should ye dig the Filth Pits, the tri-lobe deeps all
wriggling a-rotten, and slickenslop their walls. Take the
unfaithful, the fools that live and them that do not, and
cast them hence unto the tripletmaw, to wallow there
’midst the blessed sludge.

Speak ye then the seven incantations of plentiful rot.
Intone the dirge of the bubotic blessing, and vomit the
urging prayer. Let the words of Nurgle drip like pus
from thy rotted gums, ’til they gather miasmal all about.

Dance then, though your bones might creak and your
plumpened blisters burst, for Nurgle delights in a revel.
Toll the bells of welcome ’round the Gnarlmaw trees,
and cry out praise ’midst the shrilling of the maggots
and the droning of the flies. Then does the mouldering
curtain part, and rustengate creak open to the Garden
Glorisome. Then shall the Tallybands trudge out, to bear
Grandfather’s givings hence. Then shall the blessings of
Nurgle be upon thee, and his fulsome gratitude be thine.

Give praise! Give praise! Give praise! The daemons of
Nurgle are come!’

- Gulthrox the Festerling, On Summoning Ye the
Daemons of the Grandfather

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND TRAITS

If the general of a NURGLE army is
a HERO, they can have one of the
following command traits. Depending
on whether your general is a

ROTBRINGER, DAEMON or MORTAL,

you must select the trait from the
Rotbringer, Nurgle Daemon or Nurgle
Mortal table respectively (if they qualify
for more than one table, pick which one

to use). You can either pick the trait or
roll a dice to randomly determine it. If,
for any reason, you must select a new
general during a battle, immediately
generate a trait for them.

ROTBRINGER

D6
1

Command Trait
Grandfather’s Blessing: Once per battle, at the

start of your hero phase, you can move the Cycle of
Corruption one stage forward or backward if your
general has not been slain.
Living Plague: At the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice for each enemy unit within 1" of your
general. On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1
mortal wound and you receive 1 contagion point.
Hulking Physique: Add 1 to wound rolls for your
general in the combat phase.

2

3

NURGLE DAEMON

D6
1

Command Trait
Grandfather’s Blessing: Once per battle, at the

start of your hero phase, you can move the Cycle of
Corruption one stage forward or backward if your
general has not been slain.
Living Plague: At the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice for each enemy unit within 1" of your
general. On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1
mortal wound and you receive 1 contagion point.
Hulking Physique: Add 1 to wound rolls for your
general in the combat phase.
Tainted Corruptor: At the start of each of your
hero phases, you can pick one terrain feature that is

2

3

4

NURGLE MORTAL

D6
1

Command Trait
Grandfather’s Blessing: Once per battle, at the

start of your hero phase, you can move the Cycle of
Corruption one stage forward or backward if your
general has not been slain.
Living Plague: At the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice for each enemy unit within 1" of your
general. On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1
mortal wound and you receive 1 contagion point.
Hulking Physique: Add 1 to wound rolls for your
general in the combat phase.

2

3

4

Bloated with Corruption: Roll a dice each time you

Avalanche

allocate a wound to your general in the combat phase
(and it is not negated). On a 4+ the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been made.
of Rotten Flesh: Add 2 to run and charge
rolls for your general.
Resilient: Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to your general. On a 6+ the wound
is negated.

within 3" of your general. For the rest of the battle,
that terrain feature has the Sickness Blossoms
scenery rule from the Feculent Gnarlmaw warscroll
(pg 103), in addition to any other rules it already had.
Nurgling Infestation: Once per battle, at the start of
a combat phase, you can inflict D3 mortal wounds
on an enemy unit that is within 3" of your general.
Pestilent Breath: At the start of your shooting phase,
pick one enemy unit within 6" of your general. Roll
a dice for each model in that unit that is within 6"
of your general. The unit suffers 1 mortal wound for
each roll of 5+.

Hideous Visage: Subtract 2 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are within 3"
of your general.
Overpowering Stench: Re-roll hit rolls of 6+ for
attacks that target your general in the combat phase.

Virulent Contagion: Improve the Rend

characteristic by 1 for attacks made by your general
in the combat phase.

5

6

5

6

4

5

6

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ARTEFACTS OF POWER

If a NURGLE army includes any
HEROES, one may bear one of
the following artefacts of power.
Depending on whether the HERO is a

ROTBRINGER, DAEMON or MORTAL,

you must select the artefact from the

Artefacts of Contagion, Daemonic
Boons or Plagueridden Gifts table
respectively (if they qualify for more
than one table, pick which one to use).
You can either pick the artefact, or
roll a dice to randomly determine it.
You may choose one additional HERO

to have an artefact for each warscroll
battalion you include in your army.
A HERO cannot have more than one
artefact of power, and an army may not
include duplicates of the same artefact
of power.

Any ROTBRINGER HERO can be given one of the following artefacts of contagion.

ARTEFACTS OF CONTAGION

D6
1

Artefact
The Splithorn Helm: This rusted helm was

scrimshawed from a shed chunk of a Great Unclean
One’s antler. Daemonic energies still linger around it,
blessing its wearer with supernatural resilience.

2

3

4

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 6+ the wound is negated.

Muttergrub: A daemonic familiar prised from the
Rotwood joists of Nurgle’s Manse, this bloated maggot
curls itself within its master’s ear and mumbles the
secrets of Nurgle’s magic to them.

If the bearer is a WIZARD, they can attempt to cast
one additional spell in each of their hero phases. If
the bearer is not a WIZARD, they can attempt to cast
Foul Regenesis (pg 66) in each of their hero phases
(this does not give them the ability to unbind spells).

Rustfang: Rustfang is a cursed battle-axe whose blade
crawls with a thick layer of sentient corrosion. The
slightest touch of this blade spreads its ferric blight,
chewing away the foe’s armour in moments.

At the start of the combat phase, pick one enemy unit
within 3" of the bearer. Subtract 1 from its save rolls
for the rest of the battle. You cannot use this ability
more than once on the same enemy unit.

Flesh Pealer: This cursed bell was dredged up from
the depths of the Festerswamp. When tolled, the bell
emits waves of sorcerous energy that slough flesh
from bone and rot living victims into heaps of slime.

5

6

In your hero phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit
that is within 6" of the bearer. On a 5+ the unit being
rolled for suffers D3 mortal wounds.

The Bileheart: Originally a sylvaneth soulpod, this
foul artefact was cursed by Golgous the Bitter. It is
forcibly thrust into the bearer’s chest, where it takes
root and pumps ichor through their veins that spurts
out in infectious gouts should they be wounded.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer in the combat phase (and it is
not negated). On a 4+ the attacking unit suffers 1
mortal wound after all of its attacks have been made.

The Fecund Flask: It is said that an entire ocean of
infectious waters was trammelled within this grimy
glass bottle. Its bearer can drink deep of its endless
flow, allowing the poisonous blessings of Nurgle to
restore their vitality – though not always in the way
the drinker may have hoped.

You can use the fecund flask once per battle, at the
start of your hero phase. If you do so, roll a dice. On
a 2+ any wounds the bearer has suffered are healed.
On a 1, the bearer is slain. If the bearer is slain by the
fecund flask, before you remove the bearer’s model,
you can add a Beast of Nurgle to your army and set it
up within 1" of the bearer.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Any NURGLE DAEMON HERO can be given one of the following Daemonic Boons.

DAEMONIC BOONS

4

The Witherstave: Carved from the heartwood of a
tormented Treelord, the Witherstave thrums with a
soured mockery of the sylvaneth spirit song. Those
struck with it feel a terrible weakness shiver their
limbs as a jarring dirge of despair clouds their minds.

Re-roll hit rolls of 6 for enemy units while they are
within 12" of the bearer.

5

Tome of a Thousand Poxes: This rotting book is so

bloated that it requires a trio of chattering Nurglings
to carry it into battle. Its groaning pages are thick
with foul secrets of sorcerous plague lore that can
reduce Dreadforts to tumbled ruin and enemy armies
to heaps of flyblown corpses.

If the bearer is a WIZARD, add 1 to the casting rolls
for any spells from the Lore of Nurgle that they
attempt to cast. If the bearer is not a WIZARD, they
can attempt to cast the Sumptuous Pestilence spell
(pg 67) in each of your hero phases (they cannot
unbind spells).

6

The Endless Gift: Whenever this daemon is injured
by its foes, bilious flab and scuttling parasites spill
from the wounds. These heap into layers of new
growth before crusting over and solidifying into
unnatural flesh, leaving the daemon healed as though
it had never been harmed at all.

At the start of the battleshock phase, roll a dice for
each wound that was allocated to this model during
the same turn. On a 4+ the wound is healed.

D6
1

Artefact

Noxious Nexus: This daemon is a festering carrier for
literally thousands of Nurgle’s most virulent plagues.
Simply to stand near them risks a myriad of horrible
fates, each more revolting and agonising than the last.

2

3

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 7" of the bearer. If the roll is equal
to or less than the number of the current battle round,
the unit being rolled for suffers 1 mortal wound. For
example, in the second battle round, enemy units
would suffer a mortal wound on a 1 or 2.

Nurgle’s Nail: Rumour has it that this plaguesword
was fashioned from a splinter of one of Nurgle’s own
toenails. The foulness that drizzles from its blade is so
infectious that it rots reality itself, and can reduce its
victims to blackened sludge in seconds.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons to be Nurgle’s
Nail. At the end of each combat phase, roll 2D6 for
each enemy model that was allocated any wounds
caused by Nurgle’s Nail in that phase and was not
slain. If the result is exactly 7, the model being rolled
for is slain. Any other result has no effect.

The Bountiful Swarm: A cloud of cheerfully buzzing
flies surrounds this daemon at all times, their bodies
the lurid green of infected pus. Those they sting find
Nurgle’s gifts flowing into them in an uncontrolled
flood, causing their bodies to swell with mutation and
disease until they devolve into spawn, or simply burst
like overripe fruit.

At the start of your hero phase, pick an enemy model
within 3" of the bearer and then roll a dice. If the roll
is greater than that model’s Wounds characteristic,
then it is slain. If a model with a Wounds
characteristic of 4+ is slain by the Bountiful Swarm,
before you remove the model, you can add a Beast
of Nurgle to your army and set it up within 1" of the
enemy model.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Any NURGLE MORTAL HERO can be given one of the following Plagueridden Gifts.

PLAGUERIDDEN GIFTS

5

6

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, you
can roll 2D6 if there are any enemy models within 12"
of the bearer. If the result is exactly 7, then the closest
enemy model to the bearer is slain.

The Carrion Dirge: A spiralling horn torn from
the skull of a Pestigor chieftain, when winded this
awful object emits the cawing shrieks of a thousand
starving carrion birds. So dreadful is this sound that
it can break the spirit of the enemy, and leave them
cowering on their knees.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 12" of the bearer.

The Shield of Growths: This revolting shield is
fashioned from diseased troggoth flesh grown around
a frame of rusted iron. The more damage it takes, the
more it regrows, bulging outward into a ponderous
bulwark of rotting blubber and skin.

You can re-roll failed save rolls for the bearer if the
roll is equal to or less than the number of wounds
currently allocated to the bearer.

D6
1

Artefact

The Virulent Blade: This blotched and rusting
sword seethes with magical contagions that it spreads
through the enemy ranks with every blow. As its
wielder hacks his way across the battlefield, he leaves
outbreaks of disease spreading in his wake.

2

3

4

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons to be the
Virulent Blade. Add 1 to the Damage characteristic
for attacks made with the Virulent Blade if the wound
roll for the attack is 5+.

The Foetid Shroud: This mildewed cloak clings to
its wearer’s body as though drenched in fever-sweat.
Enemies find themselves entangled in its clammy
folds, their blows reduced to a fumbling struggle to
escape the shroud’s sopping grasp.

Re-roll hit rolls of 6+ or more for attacks that target
the bearer in the combat phase.

Sublucus’ Stenchplate: This verdigrised suit of Chaos
armour is infused with a stench so wretched that
even Nurgle’s daemons cannot adequately describe
it. Enemies recoil, choking on their own vomit, at its
slightest whiff, or simply pass out altogether as their
senses are overwhelmed.

Enemy units that are within 3" of the bearer at the end
of their movement phase suffer D3 mortal wounds.

The Eye of Nurgle: This ancient bronze amulet is
inscribed with a tri-lobed keyhole, through which
Nurgle himself occasionally peeks with one vast,
rheumy eye. Should an enemy be unlucky enough
to stand before the bearer at such a time, they are
damned in an instant, overwhelmed by the Plague
God’s noxious gifts.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE LORES OF NURGLE

The magic used by the followers of Nurgle centres around corruption, disease, decay and regrowth –
those proficient in its use can cause terrible harm to those who stand against them in battle.

All WIZARDS in a NURGLE army

know the Foul Regenesis spell to the
right, in addition to any other spells
that they know.

respectively (if they qualify for more
than one table, pick which one to use).
You can either pick the spell, or roll a
D3 to randomly determine it.

Each WIZARD in a NURGLE army also
knows one spell from one of the Lores
of Nurgle. Depending on whether the

Wizard is a ROTBRINGER, DAEMON

or MORTAL, you must select the spell
from the Lore of Malignance, Lore of
Virulence or Lore of Foulness table

FOUL REGENESIS

The wizard beseeches the Plague
God to begin the Cycle of
Corruption anew.

Foul Regenesis has a casting value
of 7. If successfully cast, pick a
result from the Stage of Corruption
table (pg 59) – the Cycle of
Corruption is immediately reset to
the stage you picked.

LORE OF MALIGNANCE

Any ROTBRINGER WIZARD can know one of the following spells.

1. BLADES OF PUTREFACTION

The wizard blesses weapons so that they ooze with the
choicest of Nurgle’s foul contagions.

Blades of Putrefaction has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick a friendly unit within 14" of the
caster that is visible to them. Until your next hero phase, hit
rolls of 6+ for that unit inflict 1 mortal wound in addition
to any other damage.

2. RANCID VISITATIONS

As the wizard reaches out, their enemies are seized by a
terrible affliction that blackens their flesh and rots their
organs to mulch.

Rancid Visitations has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick an enemy unit within 3" of the caster. That unit
suffers 1 mortal wound for each model from the unit that is
within 3" of the caster.

3. GIFT OF CONTAGION

With a gesture the wizard smothers his enemies in a foul
fog buzzing with daemon-flies and suffused with enfeebling
airborne diseases.

Gift of Contagion has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, select an enemy unit within 18" of the caster that is
visible to them. Then roll a dice and look up the result on
the table below. Apply the penalty to all models in the unit
until the start of your next hero phase.

D6
1-2

Result

Flyblown Palsy: Subtract 1 from the unit’s hit rolls in
the combat phase.

3-4 Muscular Atrophy: Subtract 1 from the unit’s wound
rolls in the combat phase.

5-6

Liquefying Ague: Subtract 1 from the unit’s
save rolls.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF VIRULENCE

Any NURGLE DAEMON WIZARD can know one of the following spells.

1. FAVOURED POXES

Calling upon Nurgle to bless his
enemies, the daemon concentrates
his attentions on an enemy, inflicting
wave after wave of debilitating
sickness upon them.

2. GLORIOUS AFFLICTIONS

3. SUMPTUOUS PESTILENCE

Hawking a wad of cloudy phlegm, the
daemon picks a foe to be infected with
an atrophying canker that twists limbs
and withers their muscles, making any
movement horribly painful.

Virulent plagues erupt across the
entire battlefield as the daemon recites
all of the diseases it has been blessed
with during its millennia of service
to Nurgle.

Favoured Poxes has a casting value of
7. If successfully cast, pick an enemy
unit within 14" of the caster that is
visible to them. Subtract 1 from hit,
wound and save rolls for that unit
until the caster moves, attempts to
cast a spell or is slain.

Glorious Afflictions has a casting
value of 5. If successfully cast, pick an
enemy unit within 21" of the caster
that is visible to them. The unit’s
Move characteristic and any run or
charge rolls made for them are halved
(rounding up) until your next hero
phase. In addition, units that can
normally fly cannot do so until your
next hero phase.

Sumptuous Pestilence has a casting
value of 6. If successfully cast, each
enemy unit within 7" of the caster
suffers 1 mortal wound. Units with
more than 5 models suffer D3 mortal
wounds instead.

Any NURGLE MORTAL WIZARD can know one of the following spells.

LORE OF FOULNESS

1. MAGNIFICENT BUBOES

With a gracious sweep of his hand,
the Sorcerer bestows upon his victim
one of Nurgle’s prettiest afflictions
– a clutch of debilitating pustules
and boils.

Magnificent Buboes has a casting
value of 7. If successfully cast, pick
an enemy HERO within 21" of the
caster that is visible to them. The
hero suffers D3 mortal wounds. In
addition, subtract 1 from their hit
rolls, casting rolls and unbinding rolls
until your next hero phase.

2. PLAGUE SQUALL

Singing an extravagant prayer to
Grandfather Nurgle, the Sorcerer
causes the skies to split open like the
swollen belly of a corpse, raining a
glorious shower of boiling filth upon
his foes.

Plague Squall has a casting value of
6. If successfully cast, roll 7 dice. For
each roll of 6, you can pick an enemy
unit that is visible to the caster. That
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. If you
roll more than one 6, you must pick a
different enemy unit to suffer each set
of mortal wounds.

3. CLOYING QUAGMIRE

The Sorcerer thrusts his hands into
the soil, causing the ground to putrefy
into a sucking, grasping quagmire.

Cloying Quagmire has a casting value
of 5. If successfully cast, select an
enemy unit within 14" of the caster
that is visible to them. Then roll a
dice, and compare it to the enemy
unit’s Save characteristic. If the roll
is equal to or higher than the Save
characteristic, the unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY CAMPAIGNS

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of
Sigmar. Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking
advantage of this age of unending battle to win great renown.

In order to take part in a Path to Glory
campaign, you will need two or more
players. All players will need to have at
least one HERO, who is their champion,
and must then create a warband to
follow and fight beside their champion
during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
will gain their warband favour. The
warband will swell in numbers as more
warriors flock to their banner, while
existing troops become more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you will be granted
a final test. Succeed, and your glory will
be affirmed for all time, and you will be
crowned as the victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your army
consists of a mighty champion battling
to earn the favour of the gods, and their
entire band of loyal followers. As you
wage war against other warbands, your
own warband will grow, and existing
units will become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which you
can download for free from
games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
warband with the ROTBRINGER or
NURGLE DAEMON allegiance, but

other Warhammer Age of Sigmar

publications include warband
tables to let you collect other
warbands from the Grand Alliances

of ORDER, CHAOS, DEATH and
DESTRUCTION.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion you
choose will determine the number
of followers in your warband. Give
your champion a suitably grand
name, and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to generate your starting
followers. These can be chosen
from the followers tables for your
allegiance. If your allegiance has
more than one followers table you
can freely choose which ones you
use, selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place
your destiny in the hands of fate and
roll on the followers tables instead.
To make a followers roll, pick a
column from one of the followers
tables and then roll a dice.

4. Your followers need to be organised
into units. The follower table tells
you how many models the unit
has. Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Chaos warband
followers can only be given the mark
of their champion’s patron. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward. No
champion or unit can start the Path
to Glory campaign with more than
one reward each.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
6. Finally, give your warband a name,
one that will inspire respect and
dread in your rivals. Your warband is
now complete, and you can fight your
first battle. Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against other
warbands taking part in the campaign.
You can fight battles as and when you
wish, and can use any of the battleplans

available for Warhammer Age of

Sigmar. There are some battleplans, for

example in the General’s Handbook,

that have been designed specifically for
use in Path to Glory campaigns.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their full roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its warscroll.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is
assumed that they were merely injured,
and they are back to full strength for
your next game, thirsty for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign are
vying for glory. The amount of glory
they have received is represented by
the Glory Points that the warband has
accumulated. Glory can be increased
by fighting and winning battles, as
described next. As a warband’s glory
increases, it will also attract additional
followers, and a warband’s champion
may be granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after a
battle is complete. If the warband drew
or lost the battle, it receives 1 Glory
Point. If it won the battle, it receives D3
Glory Points (re-roll a result of 1 on the
D3 if you won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster. Once
you have won 10 Glory Points, you will
have a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a dice to
determine which option to take (1-2 =
Additional Followers, 3-4 = Champion’s
Reward, 5-6 = Follower’s Reward).

1 Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or roll for a
random one from a follower table,
then add it to your warband roster.
You can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from any of
the follower tables from an allied
warband table i.e. a warband table
whose allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own. In either
case, if you wish to add a unit from
a follower table that requires more
than ‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if you
do not have enough Glory Points,
you cannot choose a unit from such
a table). Once 5 new units have
joined your warband, you will have
a chance to win the campaign, as
described below.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!

2 Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows. Roll on
your allegiance’s champion rewards
table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
champion has already received, roll
again until you get a different result.

3 Follower’s Reward: Your warriors

become renowned for mighty deeds.
Pick a unit of followers (not one
from an allied warband table), then
roll on your allegiance’s followers
rewards table. Note the result on your
warband roster. If you roll a result the
unit has already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path to
Glory campaign; either by Blood or by
Might. To win by Blood your warband
must first have 10 Glory Points. To win
by Might your warband must have at
least 5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight and win
one more battle to win the campaign. If
the next battle you fight is tied or lost,
you do not receive any Glory Points –
just keep on fighting battles until you
either win the campaign… or another
player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising the
number of Glory Points needed to win
by Blood, or the numbers of extra units
that must join it to win by Might. For
example, for a shorter campaign, you
could say that a warband only needs 5
Glory Points before the final fight, or
for a longer one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make
up the units which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

As your warband progresses along the Path to Glory, it will attract more followers, and especially favoured units will
become renowned across the Mortal Realms.

D6
1

Reward

Driven by Devotion: Once per battle, in your hero
phase, you can declare that this unit will prove their
devotion to your champion. You can re-roll failed hit
rolls for the unit for the rest of the turn.

2

Unnatural Regeneration: In each of your hero

phases, you can heal one wound that has been
allocated to a model in this unit.

3

Boon of Virulence: Once per battle, in your hero
phase, you can bestow Nurgle’s foetid blessings upon
this unit’s weapons. You can re-roll any failed wound
rolls for the unit in the combat phase of that turn.

4

5

6

Revolting Resilience: Once per battle, in your hero
phase, you can choose for this unit to ignore all but
the most grievous of injuries. Improve this unit’s Save
characteristic by 1 until the start of your next turn.

Gift of Life: Once per battle, in your hero phase, you
can roll a dice for each model in this unit that has
been slain. On a result of 5 or 6, return the model to
the unit.

Twice-blessed Followers: Roll twice on this table and

apply both results. Re-roll duplicates and further rolls
of 6.

DESIGNER’S NOTE

The Path to Glory rules presented in this book allow you to
play an exciting campaign with your friends. You can use
the rules exactly as they are laid out here, and fight your
way along your path to glory! However, you can instead
look at these rules as a framework that you can tinker with
however you like, to play the campaign that works best for
you and your gaming group.

For example, if you’re starting new armies, you might start
the campaign with fewer followers – perhaps your general
and just two or three other units – that will allow everyone
to start playing battles a bit sooner. If, on the other hand,
your gaming group is looking for a new challenge, you
could decide to generate all followers randomly, taking
away the option to choose each unit.

You can take things further – there’s nothing to stop
you writing your own battleplans to use in your Path to
Glory campaigns, or adapting the rules from the General’s
Handbook to play battles with three or more players in your
campaign. Equally, while we’ve said that you can adjust the
number of Glory Points you need to win the campaign,
you could decide with your gaming group on a completely
different way to win the campaign – the victor could be the
first player to defeat every other player in the campaign, or
the first to amass an army of ten or more units.

Essentially, you should feel free to use these rules in
whichever way you and your gaming group agree is best.
Your path to glory is limitless!

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

As your champion progresses along the Path to Glory, they may be gifted with great rewards by their dark patron… if they
are deemed worthy.

7

Patronage of Nurgle (Lesser Reward): Your

champion gains a reward generated from the lesser
reward of Nurgle table on the next page.

8

Patronage of Nurgle (Greater Reward): Your

champion gains a reward generated from the greater
reward of Nurgle table on the next page.

9

Patronage of Nurgle (Exalted Reward): Your

champion gains a reward generated from the exalted
reward of Nurgle table on the next page.

10

Daemonic Armour: You can re-roll failed save rolls
for your champion.

11

Blubbery Resilience: Roll a dice each time

you allocate a wound or mortal wound to your
champion. On a 6+ the wound is negated.

12

Twice-blessed Champion: Roll twice on this table

and apply both results. Re-roll duplicates and further
rolls of 2 or 12.

2D6 Reward
2
What

the Gods Give…: Your champion has offended
their patron and is punished by being condemned to
spawndom. Lose D3 Glory Points (to a minimum of
0), and remove your champion and all rewards they
have gained from this table from your warband roster.
If your warband has another HERO, that model now
takes charge and becomes your new champion (if you
do not have any HEROES, immediately generate one
from the hero followers table to become your new
champion). Write down your new champion’s name
on your warband roster ready for the next battle. Of
course, your former champion may still have their
uses – if your champion was a MORTAL you may
immediately add a Chaos Spawn to your warband as
a follower.

3

4

5

6

Cycle of Life: Roll a dice for your champion in
each of your hero phases. On a 1 the champion
immediately suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 4+ you
can heal D3 wounds that have been allocated to
the champion.

Poisonous Blood: Roll a dice after any wounds
are inflicted upon your champion. On a 2+ one
enemy unit within 1" of your champion suffers 1
mortal wound. If several enemy units are within
range, randomly determine which one suffers the
mortal wound.

Ensorcelled Weapon: Pick one of your champion’s
weapons (it cannot be a weapon used by a mount if
they have one). The Rend characteristic of the weapon
is improved by 1 (for example, Rend -1 becomes
Rend -2).

Oppressive Stench: Subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks that target your champion in the
combat phase.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PATRONAGE OF NURGLE TABLES

If you roll a Patronage of Nurgle result on the champion rewards table, generate a reward from the appropriate table below
that matches the extent of Nurgle’s favour.

LESSER REWARD

GREATER REWARD

EXALTED REWARD

D3
1

Reward
Infectious

Joviality: Your units

do not need to take battleshock
tests if they are within 7" of
your champion.

2

3

Fly Swarm: Once per battle,
at the start of a combat phase,
pick an enemy unit within 7"
of your champion. Subtract
1 from any hit rolls made for
models in that unit until the
end of the phase.

Boon of Regeneration: Once

per battle, in your hero phase,
your champion can call upon
Nurgle’s favour. You can heal
D3 wounds that have been
allocated to your champion.

D3
1

Reward
Putrid Vomit: Once per game,

D3
1

in your shooting phase, pick
an enemy unit within 3" of
your champion. Roll a dice
for each model in the unit
you picked that is within 3"
of your champion. For each
roll of 5 or 6 the unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

2

Repellent Smell: Subtract 2

from any charge rolls made
for units attempting to charge
your champion.

3

Inimical Touch: You can re-

roll wound rolls of 1 for your
champion.

Reward
Reaping Strikes: Each time you

make a hit roll of 6+ for your
champion in the combat phase,
they can immediately make one
additional attack with the same
weapon. Any bonus attacks made
in this manner can themselves
generate additional attacks.

2

3

Bulky Onslaught: You can re-

roll failed wound rolls for your
champion in a turn in which
they charged.

Baleful Virulence: Add 1 to the

Damage characteristic of one of
your champion’s melee weapons.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
SEEDS OF CORRUPTION

CESSNODES

Located in the defender’s territory
are three cessnodes: locations
that are ripe to be corrupted by
Nurgle’s blessings, and from which
can spring forth the first Feculent
Gnarlmaws that will form the
basis of a new patch of Nurgle’s
garden. The position of each of the
three cessnodes is shown on the
deployment map with a fly symbol;
you may wish to note their location
with suitable marker.

= Cessnode

DEFENDER’S
OBJECTIVES

One of Nurgle’s armies is approaching
the land you hold dear, intent on
turning it into a vile, disease-ridden
parody of its current form. They must
be stopped and driven back at all costs,
before the rot that they bring can
take hold.

THE BATTLEFIELD

The battlefield represents a fertile
hinterland that Nurgle has demanded
be brought under his control so that
it can be blessed with the many gifts
he can bestow. Players can choose to
set up scenery as described on the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar rules sheet.

Any terrain features should be set up
more than 6" from any cessnodes (see
right). Do not set up any Feculent
Gnarlmaws on the battlefield before the
battle begins (they may appear during
the battle, as described below).

HOW TO USE
BATTLEPLANS

The following battleplan enables
you to fight a battle that epitomises
the way the Maggotkin wage war.
It should be fought using all of

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar

rules unless specifically indicated
otherwise. The battleplan includes
a map reflecting the landscape on
which the battle is fought. The map
is for a battlefield that is 6 feet by
4 feet in size, but you can use a
smaller or larger area if you wish.

Nurgle wishes to see rot and contagion
bloom across the Mortal Realms,
drowning the bastions of his enemies
in a tide of putrid filth. Summoning
forth the festering vegetation of the
Plague God’s garden, his ebullient
disciples spread his generous blessings
far and wide.

THE ARMIES

One player commands a Maggotkin
army and their opponent commands
the defenders of the realm the
Maggotkin are invading. In addition to
the armies, you will need at least three
Feculent Gnarlmaws.

MAGGOTKIN PLAYER’S
OBJECTIVES

Grandfather Nurgle has sent you to
these lands, for he wishes to add them
to the domains that thrive under his
munificent rule. Subdue any defenders,
using their corpses as the mulch that
will bring forth the Garden of Nurgle.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
SET-UP

The defender sets up all their units
first, anywhere wholly within their
territory that is more than 9" from the
Maggotkin player’s territory (see map).
The Maggotkin player sets up second,
anywhere wholly within their territory.
Do not set up any Feculent Gnarlmaws
on the battlefield before the battle
begins (they may appear during the
battle, as described below).

FIRST TURN

The Maggotkin player takes the first
turn in the first battle round.

BRINGING ON THE ROT

The Maggotkin player can change a
cessnode into rotnode by summoning a
Feculent Gnarlmaw (pg 61) and setting
it up on the cessnode’s location.

VICTORY

Do not use any of the victory
conditions from the Warhammer Age
of Sigmar rules sheet. Instead, the
Maggotkin player immediately wins a
major victory if all three cessnodes are
converted into rotnodes. Otherwise the
battle lasts for five battle rounds.

If, at the end of the fifth battle round,
the Maggotkin player has only
converted up to one cessnode into a
rotnode, the defender wins a major
victory. In any other circumstances,
each player calculates a victory score by
adding up the Wounds characteristics
of all the models that have been slain in
the opposing army. The player with the
higher score can claim a minor victory.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

The warriors and creatures that battle in the Mortal Realms are incredibly diverse, and to represent
this, every model has a warscroll that lists the characteristics, weapons and abilities that apply to it.

Every Citadel Miniature in the
Warhammer range has its own
warscroll, which provides you with all
of the information needed to use that
model in a game of Warhammer Age
of Sigmar. More information about
what a warscroll contains, along with a
number of hints and tips for their use,
can be found on the page opposite.

In addition, you can organise the
units in your army into a special type
of formation by using a warscroll
battalion. Doing so will give you access

to additional abilities that can be used
by the units in the battalion.

When you are setting up, you can
set up all of the units in a warscroll
battalion instead of setting up a single
unit. Alternatively, you can set up some
of the units from a warscroll battalion,
and set up any remaining units
individually later on, or you can set up
all of the units individually.

Usually, a unit can only belong to
one battalion, and so can only benefit

from a single set of battalion abilities.
However, some very large battalions
include other, smaller battalions, and
in this case it is possible for a unit
to benefit from the abilities of two
different battalions at the same time.

The key below explains what you will
find on a warscroll battalion.

1. Title: The name of the warscroll battalion and a short overview
of the background for it and how it fights.

2. Organisation: This section lists the units that make up the
warscroll battalion and any restrictions that may apply to the
models that you can include.

3. Abilities: Every warscroll battalion includes one or more
abilities that some or all of the units from the battalion can
use. The abilities listed for a warscroll battalion only apply to
the units that make it up. These abilities are in addition to the
abilities listed on the units’ warscrolls.

4. Allegiance:

If a battalion has an allegiance, its units can be
included in an army that has that allegiance even if they do not
have that keyword on their warscroll. However, its units only
benefit from that army’s allegiance abilities if they have the
appropriate keyword on their warscroll. A battalion can still be
part of any allegiance that all its units have on their warscrolls.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
1. Title: The name of the model that the warscroll describes.

2. Characteristics: This set of characteristics tells you how fast, powerful and brave the
model is, and how effective its weapons are.

3. Description: The description tells you what weapons the model can be armed
with, and what upgrades (if any) it can be given. It will also tell you if the model
is fielded on its own, or as part of a unit. If the model is fielded as part of a unit,
then the description will say how many models the unit should have (if you don’t
have enough models to field a unit, you can still field it with as many as you
have available).

4. Abilities: Abilities are things that the model can do during a game that are not
covered by the standard game rules.

5. Keywords: All models have a list of keywords. Sometimes a rule will say that it only
applies to models that have a specific keyword.

6. Damage Table: Some models have a damage table that is used to determine one or
more of the model’s characteristics. Look up the number of wounds the model has
suffered to find the value of the characteristic in question.

Modifiers: Many warscrolls include
modifiers that can affect characteristics.
For example, a rule might add 1 to
the Move characteristic of a model, or
subtract 1 from the result of a hit roll.
Modifiers are cumulative.

Random Values: Sometimes, the Move
or weapon characteristics on a warscroll
will have random values. For example,
the Move characteristic for a model might
be 2D6 (two dice rolls added together),
whereas the Attacks characteristic of a
weapon might be D6.

When a unit with a random Move
characteristic is selected to move in
the movement phase, roll the indicated
number of dice. The total of the dice
rolled is the Move characteristic for all
models in the unit for the duration of
that phase.

Generate any random values for a
weapon (except Damage) each time it
is chosen as the weapon for an attack.
Roll once and apply the result to all such
weapons being used in the attack. The
result applies for the rest of that phase.
For Damage, generate a value for each
weapon that inflicts damage.

When to Use Abilities: Abilities that

are used at the start of a phase must be
carried out before any other actions.
By the same token, abilities used at
the end of the phase are carried out
after all normal activities for the phase
are complete.

Save of ‘-’: Some models have a Save of
‘-’. This means that they automatically fail
all save rolls (do not make the roll, even if
modifiers apply).

Keywords: Keywords are sometimes
linked to (or tagged) by a rule. For
example, a rule might say that it applies
to ‘all NURGLE models’. This means that
it would apply to models that have the
NURGLE keyword on their warscroll.

Minimum Range: Some weapons have a
minimum range. For example 6"-48". The
weapon cannot shoot at an enemy unit
that is within the minimum range.

If you can use several abilities at the same
time, you can decide in which order
they are used. If both players can carry
out abilities at the same time, the player
whose turn is taking place uses their
abilities first.

Weapons: Some models can be armed
with two identical weapons. When the
model attacks with these weapons, do
not double the number of attacks that the
weapons make; usually, the model gets an
additional ability instead.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE MUNIFICENT WANDERERS

NURGLE

The Munificent Wanderers have been greatly
blessed by Nurgle and, following their god’s
generous example, wish only to share their
bountiful foulness with all they meet. As they
shamble into battle, their unnatural flesh and
rusted blades teem with parasites and plagues
that they distribute vigorously. Every claw slash,
every bite of rotted fangs, every liquid spray and
sword thrust bestows the gifts of Nurgle upon
their unfortunate foes.

ORGANISATION

The Munificent Wanderers must contain the following:

• 1 Great Unclean One (Thrombolhox the Giving)
• 2 Tallybands of Nurgle

The Munificent Wanderers may also contain:
• 0-5 additional Tallybands of Nurgle
• Any number of additional NURGLE DAEMON units

ABILITIES

Infested with Foul Gifts: In the Rampant Disease stage of
the Cycle of Corruption, enemy units that are affected by
the Rampant Disease that are within 14" of a unit from this
battalion suffer D6 mortal wounds instead of D3 mortal
wounds. In addition, if Thrombolhox the Giving is on
the battlefield in the Rampant Disease stage of the Cycle
of Corruption, then D6 enemy units are affected by the
Rampant Disease instead of D3 units.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
TALLYBAND OF NURGLE

NURGLE

The Tallyband is disease and pestilence personified, a trudging, lumbering, squirming mass of rancid
daemonflesh that rolls across the battlefield like the inexorable approach of death itself. Unnatural
plague energies thicken the air, conjuring new daemons into being even as the advance continues.

ORGANISATION

A Tallyband of Nurgle consists of the following units:

• 0-1 GREAT UNCLEAN ONE

• 1-3 HEROES chosen from the following list:
- Poxbringer, Herald of Nurgle
- Sloppity Bilepiper, Herald of Nurgle
- Spoilpox Scrivener, Herald of Nurgle
• 4-7 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Plaguebearers
- Plague Drones
• 0-3 units chosen in any combination from the
following list:
- Beasts of Nurgle
- Nurglings

ABILITIES

Droning Masses: At the start of your hero phase, each unit in
this battalion heals 1 wound that has been allocated to it. For
units of Plaguebearers, return D3 slain models to each unit
instead.

Disease and Pestilence Personified: If the number of

Plaguebearers units plus the number of Plague Drones units
in this battalion at the start of the battle is seven, you receive
1 extra contagion point in each of your hero phases.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THRICEFOLD BEFOULMENT

NURGLE

The ground shakes beneath the tread of this revolting trio as they lumber to war. The Great Unclean
Ones of the Thricefold Befoulment are the living embodiment of Nurgle’s tri-lobed sigil writ vast in
rotting flesh and pulsating power, and nothing pure or untainted can stand before their might.

ORGANISATION

A Thricefold Befoulment consists
of the following units:

• 3 GREAT UNCLEAN ONES

ABILITIES

Hungry for the Plague God’s Praise: Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for models from
this battalion while they are within 14" of another model from this battalion. In
addition, re-roll wound rolls of 1 for models from this battalion while they are
within 14" of two other models from this battalion.

Plague Storm of Nurgle: If a model from this battalion successfully casts the
Plague Wind spell when it is within 7" of another model from this battalion, then
the number of mortal wounds inflicted by the spell is increased from D3 to 2D3. If
the caster is within 7" of two other models from this battalion, then the number of
mortal wounds inflicted by the spell is increased to 3D3 instead.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE

NURGLE’S MENAGERIE

From the festering depths of Nurgle’s realm, his filthsome pretties spill forth. Loping on bloated limbs
or ploughing through the air on buzzing wings, these abominations obey the croaked commands of
Horticulous Slimux, burying their victims in an avalanche of rancid flesh and lethal ebullience.

ABILITIES

Assistant Gardeners: Horticulous Slimux can use his Cultivating the Garden
of Nurgle ability in each of your hero phases instead of only once per battle. In
addition, when he does so, the Feculent Gnarlmaw can be set up within 3" of any
unit from this battalion instead of being set up within 3" of Horticulous Slimux.

Utterly Revolting Horde: Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 14" of 7 or more models from this battalion.

ORGANISATION

Nurgle’s Menagerie consists of the
following units:

• Horticulous Slimux
• 3 units of Beasts of Nurgle
• Up to 3 units chosen in
any combination from the
following list:
- Plague Drones
- Beasts of Nurgle
- Nurglings

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE

THE BLESSED SONS

Long and droning are the prideful chants of the
Blessed Sons as they enumerate the glories they
have won in Nurgle’s name. Even as they butcher
their foes, they gloat and chortle, goading their
enemies in their arrogance and pouring scorn
upon their cleanliness and unsavoury good
health. For all their hoarse braggadocio, the
Blessed Sons are ferociously dangerous warriors,
worthy bearers of Nurgle’s rancid gifts.

ABILITIES

Swollen with Pride: Units in this battalion do not have to
take battleshock tests while they have 7 or more models.

Blessed Blightplate: Re-roll save rolls of 1 for models in
this battalion.

ORGANISATION

The Blessed Sons must contain the following:

• 1 Plague Cyst that includes a Sorcerer, Harbinger of
Decay and at least 4 units of Putrid Blightkings

The Blessed Sons may also contain:
• 0-6 additional warscroll battalions chosen from the
following list:
- Plague Cyst
- Blight Cyst
- Affliction Cyst
• Any number of additional ROTBRINGER units

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE

PLAGUE CYST

The warriors of a Plague Cyst are as direct and aggressive as their lord. They view their enemies as
little more than living sacks of meat and fluids, waiting to be split open and strewn as plague-fertiliser
across the battlefields of the Mortal Realms.

ORGANISATION

A Plague Cyst consists of the
following units:

• 1 Lord of Plagues
• 3-6 units of Putrid Blightkings
• 0-1 Sorcerer
• 0-1 Harbinger of Decay

ABILITIES

Master of Slaughter: Re-roll all failed hit rolls for units from this battalion that are
affected by the Wanton Slaughter ability of this battalion’s Lord of Plagues, instead
of only re-rolling hit rolls of 1.

Horribly Contagious: In your hero phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit within
3" of any units from this battalion. On a 6+ the unit being rolled for suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE

BLIGHT CYST

To stand against the Blight Cyst is to be beset by virulent foulness at every turn. Hails of filth-filled
death’s heads rain down upon the enemy and swarms of biting flies envelop them in a blinding,
choking mass, before the pox-ridden servants of Nurgle hack their way through the diseased survivors.

ORGANISATION

A Blight Cyst consists of the
following units:

• 1 Lord of Blights
• 3-6 units of Putrid Blightkings
• 0-1 Sorcerer
• 0-1 Harbinger of Decay

ABILITIES

Endless Bounty: The Munificent Bounty ability of this battalion’s Lord of Blights
affects all units from this battalion that are within 3" of him at the start of your
shooting phase, instead of only one unit.

Supremely Blighted Weapons: The Blighted Weapons used by the Putrid
Blightkings in this battalion have a Rend characteristic of ‘-1’.

Blights on the Landscape: In the combat phase, enemy units do not receive any
benefits for being in cover against attacks made by this battalion.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
NURGLE

AFFLICTION CYST

The air fills with the thunderous drone of membranous wings as the warriors of the Affliction Cyst
ride their bloated Rot Flies into battle. Enemies scatter in panic as Pusgoyle Blightlords plunge down
from on high, their dark shadows heralding disease and death.

ORGANISATION

An Affliction Cyst consists of the
following units:

• 1 Lord of Afflictions
• 3-6 units of Pusgoyle Blightlords

ABILITIES

The Droning Sky: Instead of setting up a unit from this battalion on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is set up hovering in the skies. You can
do this with as many units from the battalion as you wish. At the end of your first
movement phase, set up each of these units more than 9" from any enemy models.

Diseased Onslaught: If the Lord of Afflictions from this battalion uses his
Spearhead of Contagion command ability, it affects all units from this battalion that
are within 14" of him, instead of only one unit.

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ROTIGUS

Brandishing his gnarlrod to the skies, Rotigus Rainfather calls down the inundating Deluge of Nurgle. From the fanged maws that
split his flesh he vomits thundering streams of brackish filth, drowning the enemy in his plentiful gifts even as he mires the battlefield
in cloying mud and diseased, stinking floods of slime.

16

5"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Gnarlrod

Fanged Maw

Host of Nurglings

3"

1"

1"

5

D3

3

3+

5+

3+

5+

-1

-2

-

2

2

1

Wounds Allocated

Gnarlrod

Fanged Maw

Deluge of Nurgle

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3

4-6

7-9

10-12

13+

2+

3+

3+

4+

4+

2+

2+

3+

3+

4+

4+

5+

5+

6+

6+

DESCRIPTION

Rotigus is a single model. He carries a Gnarlrod
that can be used to strike at enemies that are
nearby. A Host of Nurglings caper about his feet,
attacking with their razor-sharp teeth, while the
Fanged Maw in his belly snaps and bites at the foe.

ABILITIES

Blubber and Bile: Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal wound to Rotigus. On
a 5+ the wound is negated. In addition, if the roll
is 6+ and it is the combat phase, the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after a l l of its attacks have
been made.

Corpulent Mass: In your hero phase, you can heal
D3 wounds that have been allocated to Rotigus .

Mountain of Loathsome Flesh: Roll a dice for each

enemy unit that is within 1" of Rotigus after he
completes a charge move. On a 4+ the enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Streams of Brackish Filth: In your hero phase,

roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 6" of
Rotigus. On a 4+ the enemy unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. Enemy units that can fly suffer D3 mortal
wounds on a 6+ instead of a 4+.

MAGIC

Rotigus is a WIZARD. He can attempt to cast two
spells in your hero phase, and attempt to unbind
two spells in the enemy hero phase. He knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Deluge of
Nurgle spells.

DELUGE OF NURGLE

Deluge of Nurgle has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, roll 7 dice. For each roll that
equals or beats the Deluge of Nurgle value shown
on the damage table above, you can pick an enemy
unit that is visible to the caster. That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. If this spell affects more than one
enemy unit, you must pick a different enemy unit
to suffer each set of D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, NURGLE , MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, GREAT UNCLEAN ONE, ROTIGUS

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CHAOS, DAEMON, NURGLE , MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, GREAT UNCLEAN ONE

KEYWORDS

GREAT UNCLEAN ONE

The mightiest of Nurgle’s daemons, the Great Unclean Ones are immensely resilient and frighteningly strong. Able to barge down
fortress gates and crush monstrous beasts with their sheer bulk, Great Unclean Ones exude disease and decay as they smash their way
through the foe. Meanwhile, their grasp of high strategy and their magical talents make them formidable generals.

DESCRIPTION

A Great Unclean One is a single model. It carries a
large Plague Flail or Bileblade in one hand, and a
Massive Bilesword or Doomsday Bell in the other,
and can vomit forth streams of Noxious Bile. A
Host of Nurglings caper about the Great Unclean
One’s feet, attacking with their razor-sharp teeth.

ABILITIES

Blubber and Bile: Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated. In addition, if the
roll is 6+ and it is the combat phase, the attacking
unit suffers 1 mortal wound after a l l of its attacks
have been made.

Corpulent Mass: In your hero phase, you can heal
D3 wounds that have been allocated to this model.

Mountain of Loathsome Flesh: Roll a dice for each

enemy unit that is within 1" of this model after
this model completes a charge move. On a 4+ the
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Putrid Offering: If this model has a Bileblade and
attempts to cast or unbind a spell, you can say that
it is using the Bileblade to hook out a portion of its
own rotting guts as an offering to Nurgle. If you do
so, this model immediately suffers 1 mortal wound
(which cannot be negated), but you can then add 1
to the casting or unbinding roll.

Reverberating Summons: If a NURGLE unit

begins its movement phase within 7" of any
models with a Doomsday Bell, add 3 to its Move
characteristic until the end of the phase.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Grandfather’s Joy: You can use this command
ability in your hero phase. If you do, pick a friendly
NURGLE DAEMON unit within 21" of this model.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a l l melee
weapons used by that unit until your next hero
phase.

MAGIC

A Great Unclean One is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Plague
Wind spells.

PLAGUE W IND

Plague Wind has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick a point on the battlefield within 14" of
the caster and draw an imag inary straight line
between it and the closest part of the caster. Each
unit (friend or foe) crossed by the centre of the line
suffers D3 mortal wounds. Units with the NURGLE
keyword are instead invigorated by the Plague
Wind; if it passes over them, heal D3 wounds that
have been allocated to the unit.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Noxious Bile

7"

D6

3+

-2

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Plague Flail

2"

3

3+

-1

2

Massive Bilesword

2"

4+

3+

-2

3

Bileblade

2"

3

3+

3+

-1

1

Doomsday Bell

2"

4

4+

3+

-1

1

Host of Nurglings

1"

3

5+

5+

-

1

5''

10

16

4+

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Allocated

Noxious Bile

Plague Flail

Massive Bilesword

0-3

2+

2+

3

4-6

3+

3+

3

7-9

3+

3+

2

10-12

4+

4+

2

13+

5+

4+

1

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

POXBRINGER, HERALD OF NURGLE

These powerful daemonic heroes lead their brother Plaguebearers into battle, and ensure that the orders of the Great Unclean Ones
are followed to the letter. They are potent warriors, whose baleswords can kill with a single cut, whose rotted bodies are all but
impervious to harm, and whose diseased magics can tear the heart from the foe or bolster their own disgusting foot soldiers.

5

4"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Balesword

1"

3

3+

3+

-1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Poxbringer is a single model. It wields a repulsive
Balesword that weeps vile toxins.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

In Death There is Life: At the start of your hero
phase, if any models (friend or foe) were slain in
the last turn, you can heal 1 wound allocated to a
friendly NURGLE DAEMON unit within 7" of this
model.

MAGIC

A Poxbringer is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Eruptive
Infestation spells.

ERUPTIVE INFESTATION

Eruptive Infestation has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick an enemy unit that is within
7" of a friendly Plaguebearers unit and visible to
the caster. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , HERO, POXBRINGER, HERALD OF NURGLE

EPIDEMIUS, TALLYMAN OF NURGLE

Sat high upon his mouldering palanquin, borne aloft by a suppurating mound of subservient Nurglings, Epidemius casts his single
eye across the battlefield with jaded contempt. His bone quill scratches upon cured-flesh parchment, enumerating the endless tally of
Nurgle’s diseases, and as the count rises ever higher so the Plague God’s minions become ever more empowered.

7

4"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Balesword

Tiny Razor-sharp Teeth

1"

1"

3

5

3+

5+

3+

5+

-1

-

D3

1

DESCRIPTION

Epidemius is a single model. He is armed with a
malignant Balesword and is carried into battle
atop his palanquin by a horde of Nurglings,
which attack nearby enemies with their Tiny
Razor-sharp Teeth.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Nurgle’s Tallyman: Keep a tally of the number
of enemy models that have been slain by friendly
NURGLE units during the battle. At the start of
your hero phase, consult the following table to see
what benefits are bestowed upon friendly NURGLE
units:

Models Slain

Effect

0-6

7-13

14-20

21+

No effect.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1.

Receive 1 extra contagion
point in each of your
hero phases.

These bonuses are cumulative and last for the rest
of the battle, but end if Epidemius is slain .

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , HERO, EPIDEMIUS, TALLYMAN OF NURGLE

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

SPOILPOX SCRIVENER, HERALD OF NURGLE

The Spoilpox Scrivener keeps watch over the efforts of his fellow Plaguebearers, menacing them with the threat of spiteful
punishments for the slightest transgression. Should the enemy stray too close, the Scrivener irritably bites their limbs and heads off
with his distended maw, or else sprays them with diseased filth as he unleashes a huge and disgusting sneeze.

5

4"

10

4+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Disgusting Sneeze

MELEE WEAPONS

Distended Maw

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

6"

D6

3+

4+

-

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

2

3+

4+

-1

2

DESCRIPTION

A Spoilpox Scrivener is a single model. It sprays
corrosive filth over the enemy with its Disgusting
Sneezes, and bites any foe that strays too close with
its horrible Distended Maw.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Keep Counting, I’m Watching You: Re-roll dice

rolls of 1 when making charge rolls for friendly
Plaguebearers units while they are within 7" of this
model. In addition, re-roll hit rolls of 1 for friendly
Plaguebearers units while they are within 7" of
this model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , HERO, SPOILPOX SCRIVENER , HERALD OF NURGLE

SLOPPITY BILEPIPER, HERALD OF NURGLE

Sloppity Bilepipers caper through the ranks of the Plague Legions as they advance. Infected with a plague of mirth, they prance and
quip, entertaining Nurgle’s daemons even as they cause the enemy to literally die laughing. With a rasp on their gutpipes they can
inspire their allies with unnatural glee, while a single blow from their marotter is enough to reduce most foes to a grinning corpse.

5

4"

10

4+

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Marotter

1"

4

4+

3+

-1

2

DESCRIPTION

A Sloppity Bilepiper is a single model. It is armed
with a Marotter.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Disease of Mirth : Add 1 to the Bravery
characteristic of friendly NURGLE DAEMON
units while they are within 7" of any Sloppity
Bilepipers. In addition, subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristics of enemy units while they are
within 7" of any Sloppity Bilepipers.

Jolly Gutpipes: Re-roll failed charge rolls and
hit rolls of 1 for friendly Nurglings and GREAT
UNCLEAN ONE units while they are within 7" of
any Sloppity Bilepipers.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , HERO, SLOPPITY BILEPIPER, HERALD OF NURGLE

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

HORTICULOUS SLIMUX

Horticulous Slimux rides into battle perched upon the shell of his lumbering daemonic steed, Mulch. As Nurgle’s head gardener, he
has the power to seed the Garden of Nurgle into the fabric of reality, churning the ground with his Gruntleplough to summon it forth.
Surrounded by packs of Beasts of Nurgle and wielding his lethal lopping shears, Horticulous is a being to be greatly feared.

8

5"

10

3+

MELEE WEAPONS

Lopping Shears

Mulch’s Slime-encrusted Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

3

D3

3+

3+

3+

3+

-1

-2

D3

2

DESCRIPTION

Horticulous Slimux is a single model. He is armed
with a huge pair of Lopping Shears that he uses to
snip his enemies in half, and rides upon the back
of a molluscoid daemon-beast called Mulch that
snaps at the foe with its Slime-encrusted Jaws.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Acidic Slime Trail: Roll a dice for each enemy unit
that is within 3" of this model immediately before
this model makes a retreat move. On a 4+ that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Beast Handler: Re-roll failed charge rolls and hit
rolls of 1 for friendly Beasts of Nurgle units while
they are within 7" of Horticulous S limux .

In Death There is Life: At the start of your hero
phase, if any models (friend or foe) were slain in
the last turn, you can heal 1 wound allocated to
a friendly NURGLE DAEMON unit within 7" of
Horticulous S limux .

Cultivating the Garden of Nurgle: Once during

the battle, at the start of your hero phase, you
can set up a Feculent Gnarlmaw within 3" of
Horticulous Slimux and more than 1" away from
any other model or terrain feature.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , HERO, HORTICULOUS SLIMUX

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

PLAGUEBEARERS

Plaguebearers trudge to battle amidst the drone of flies’ wings and endless counting. These corpse-like daemons tally the diseases
unleashed by Nurgle upon the Mortal Realms, and as they do so they stab and hack at their enemies with filth-ridden plagueswords.
Relentless and resilient in equal measure, Plaguebearers overwhelm their victims as surely as a terminal sickness.

1

4''

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Plaguesword

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

4+

3+

-

1

PIPERS

Models in this unit can be Pipers. Re-roll
battleshock rolls of 1 for enemy units while they
are within 6" of any Pipers.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Plaguebearers has 10 or more models.
They are armed with vile Plagueswords.

PLAGUERIDDEN

The leader of this unit is a Plagueridden.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Plagueridden’s Plaguesword.

ICON BEARER

Models in this unit can be Icon Bearers. If the
unmodified roll is a 1 when making a battleshock
test for a unit that includes any Icon Bearers,
no models from the unit flee. Instead, D6
Plaguebearer models are added to the unit.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to a model in
this unit. On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Cloud of Flies: Subtract 1 from the hit rolls of
attacks that target this unit in the shooting phase.
If this unit contains 20 or more models, subtract
2 from the hit rolls of attacks that target this
unit in the shooting phase, and 1 from the hit
rolls of attacks that target this unit in the combat
phase instead.

Locus of Fecundity: Re-roll save rolls of 1 for this
unit while it is within 7" of a friendly NURGLE

DAEMON HERO.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , PLAGUEBEARERS

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

PLAGUE DRONES

Amongst the swiftest and most dangerous of Nurgle’s followers, Plague Drones are high-ranking Plaguebearers who ride to war
astride huge and malevolent Rot Flies. These daemonic airborne mounts attack the foe with stingers, proboscises, foul mouthparts
and chitinous limbs, while their riders hurl death’s heads into the enemy lines that explode in showers of infectious filth.

5

8''

10

5+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Death’s Head

MELEE WEAPONS

Plaguesword

Prehensile Proboscis

Foul Mouthparts

Venomous Sting

14"

1

4+

3+

-

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1"

1"

1"

1

3

2

1

4+

3+

3+

4+

3+

4+

3+

3+

-

-

-

-1

1

1

1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Plague Drones has 3 or more models.
The Rot Flies stab the enemy with Venomous
Stings, and either lash at the foe with a Prehensile
Proboscis or bite with Foul Mouthparts. Their
Plaguebearer riders swing Plagueswords and throw
virulent Death’s Heads.

FLY

Plague Drones can fly.

PLAGUEBRINGER

The leader of this unit is a Plaguebringer.
Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of a
Plaguebringer’s Plaguesword.

ICON BEARER

Models in this unit can be Icon Bearers. If the
unmodified roll is a 1 when making a battleshock
test for a unit that includes any Icon Bearers, no
models from the unit flee. Instead, 1 Plague Drone
model is added to the unit.

BELL TOLLERS

Models in this unit can be Bell Tollers. Re-roll
battleshock rolls of 1 for enemy units while they
are within 6" of any Bell Tollers.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to a model in
this unit. On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Locus of Contagion: Add 1 to the Attacks

characteristics of this unit’s weapons while it is
within 7" of a friendly NURGLE DAEMON HERO.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, PLAGUEBEARER, NURGLE , PLAGUE DRONES

92

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

BEASTS OF NURGLE

As stupid as they are enthusiastic, Beasts of Nurgle bound into battle with burbling bellows of joy. Huge, slug-like abominations
with fanged maws and diseased tentacles, their flabby bodies exude a paralytic slime that renders their victims helpless. The Beasts of
Nurgle gleefully rip and crush their luckless playmates until their joy proves lethal, before bounding off in search of new victims.

7

5"

10

5+

MELEE WEAPONS

Claws and Tentacles

Slobbering Tongue

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

2"

D6

1

4+

3+

3+

3+

-

-

1

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Beasts of Nurgle has any number of
models. Beasts of Nurgle unintentionally rend and
crush their victims their Claws and Tentacles, and
poison them with their Slobbering Tongues.

ABILITIES
Disgustingly Resilient: Roll a dice each time you

allocate a wound or mortal wound to this model.
On a 5+ the wound is negated.

Acidic Slime Trail: Roll a dice for each enemy unit
that is within 3" of this unit immediately before
this unit makes a retreat move. On a 4+ that enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Attention Seekers: This unit can charge in the
same turn in which it ran or retreated.

Locus of Virulence: Add 1 to the Damage

characteristics of this unit’s weapons while it is
within 7" of a friendly NURGLE DAEMON HERO.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, NURGLE , BEASTS OF NURGLE

NURGLINGS

Nurglings are diseased daemon mites, miniature facsimiles of their noisome god that pour across the battlefield in a stinking tide and
bury the foe beneath wave after wave of bloated little bodies. Tumbling from the innards of larger daemons or spilling up from sewers
and fissures, the diminutive daemons overcome their victims with sheer weight of numbers and infectious foulness.

4

5"

10

6+

MELEE WEAPONS

Tiny Razor-sharp Teeth

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

5

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Nurglings has 3 or more models.
Nurglings attack with their Tiny Razor-
sharp Teeth.

ABILITIES
Disease-ridden Demise: At the end of the combat

phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit that was
allocated any wounds caused by a unit of Nurglings
in that combat phase. On a 2+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Endless Swarm: At the end of the battleshock
phase, heal any wounds that have been allocated
to this unit.

Hidden Infestations: Instead of setting up this
unit on the battlefield, you can place it to one side
and say that it is set up as a hidden infestation of
Nurglings. If you do so, at the end of your first
movement phase, set up the unit anywhere on the
battlefield so that it is in cover and more than 9"
from any enemy models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, NURGLE , NURGLINGS

93

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

THE GLOTTKIN

Plague-cursed triplets of immense age and power, the Glottkin are Nurgle’s greatest mortal champions. Otto the warrior lord and
Ethrac the plague sorcerer ride to war upon the lumpen shoulders of their monstrous brother, Ghurk, and together their unnatural
power is great enough to drive vast armies into battle and crush all who stand against them.

18

4+

9

MISSILE WEAPONS

Pestilent Torrent

MELEE WEAPONS

Ghurk’s Flailing Tentacle

Ghurk’s Lamprey Maw

Otto’s Poison-slick Scythe

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

12"

1

3+

4+

-2

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"

2"

2"

4+

3+

3+

1

3

2+

2+

3+

-2

-1

-1

2

D3

D3

Wounds Allocated

Move

Pestilent Torrent

Ghurk’s Flailing Tentacle

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3

4-6

7-9

10-12

13+

8"

7"

6"

5"

4"

2D6

D6

D3

2

1

6

5

4

3

2

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Lords of Nurgle: You can use this command
ability in your hero phase. If you do, then until
your next hero phase add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of any melee weapons used by
friendly NURGLE units while they are within 14"
of this model.

MAGIC

Ethrac Glott is a WIZARD. He can attempt to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Fleshy
Abundance spells.

FLESHY ABUNDANCE

Fleshy Abundance has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick a friendly unit within 14"
of the caster that is visible to them. Add 1 to the
Wounds characteristic of a l l models in that unit
until your next hero phase. At the start of your
next hero phase, the unit’s Wounds characteristic
is reduced to its original value. Note that this can
result in a model that has been allocated wounds
being slain .

DESCRIPTION

The G lottkin are a single model. Ghurk Glott is
a heaving mass of flesh, attacking with a F lai ling
Tentacle and scooping hapless victims into his
Lamprey Maw. His brothers Ethrac and Otto
ride upon his festering, boil-encrusted shoulders;
Ethrac casts foul spells while Otto attacks with
his Poison-slick Scythe and unleashes a Pestilent
Torrent of corrosive filth from his swollen gut.

ABILITIES
Mountain of Loathsome Flesh: Roll a dice for each

enemy unit that is within 1" of this model after
this model completes a charge move. On a 4+ the
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Blessings of Nurgle: At the start of your hero
phase, you can heal D3 wounds that have been
allocated to this model.

Horrific Opponent: At the start of the combat
phase, roll 2D6 for each enemy unit within 7" of
this model. If the roll is greater than that unit’s
Bravery characteristic , subtract 1 from hit rolls for
that unit in that combat phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, NURGLE , ROTBRINGER, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, THE GLOTTKIN

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

ORGHOTTS DAEMONSPEW

A driven and merciless warlord, Orghotts Daemonspew is half human and half daemon in nature. He rides to battle astride the
gangling pox maggoth Whippermaw, wielding his twinned Rotaxes to devastating effect while his steed’s envenomed tongue lashes out
to throttle and ensnare. Even should the foe injure Orghotts it is they who truly suffer, as corrosive ichor jets from the wound.

12

3+

9

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Whippermaw’s Grasping Tongue

6"

1

3+

-1

D6

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

The Rotaxes

Whippermaw’s Monstrous Claws

2"

3"

5

3+

4+

3+

2+

-1

-1

1

1

Wounds Allocated

0-2

3-4

5-7

8-9

10+

Move

10"

8"

6"

6"

4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Grasping Tongue

Monstrous Claws

2+

3+

4+

5+

6+

5

4

4

4

3

DESCRIPTION

Orghotts Daemonspew is a single model armed
with his trusty Rotaxes. He rides his maggoth
steed, Whippermaw, which seeks out victims
with its Grasping Tongue to drag them into
its fang-lined maw, or crushes them with its
Monstrous Claws.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Fester and Rot: You can use this command
ability in your hero phase. If you do, pick a
friendly NURGLE unit within 14" of Orghotts
Daemonspew. Re-roll failed wound rolls for that
unit until your next hero phase.

ABILITIES

Acid Ichor: Roll a dice each time you allocate a
wound to this model in the combat phase (and
it is not negated). On a 4+ the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after a l l of its attacks have
been made.

Fury of the Halfblood: Add D3 to the Attacks

characteristic of Orghotts Daemonspew’s Rotaxes
if he made a charge move in the same turn .

The Rotaxes: At the end of the combat phase, roll
a dice for each enemy model that was allocated
any wounds caused by the Rotaxes in that combat
phase and was not slain. On a 4+ that model suffers
1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, NURGLE , ROTBRINGER, MONSTER, HERO, ORGHOTTS DAEMONSPEW

Another Custodes Libris release. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
