
PAGEBREAK
When the Ogor Mawtribes march to war,
the
ground shakes beneath a rolling avalanche of
unwashed flesh. Living embodiments of gluttony,
ogors worship the ever-hungry Gorkamorka,
whom they call
the Gulping God. By stuffing
their gaping mouths with raw meat, bone and
whatever else they can get their greedy hands
on, they give praise to their ravenous deity.

The Mawtribes are the great hosts of ogorkind,
comprising two distinct cultures: brutal
Gutbuster Ogors and savage Beastclaw Raiders
from the frozen wastes. United in ceaseless
hunger,
they embark on vast circular Mawpaths,
devouring all
in their way and leaving behind
nothing but ash and dust. As the after-tremors
of the Shyish necroquake scour the lands and
the minions of the Death God Nagash rise from
their graves in untold numbers,
the Mawtribes
find a new source of
food – rotten carrion and
age-old bones may be an acquired taste, but
an ogor’s cast-iron gut can digest far more
unpalatable things.

Frost-rimed giants lumber to war upon
shaggy-furred monstrosities,
the fury of the
supernatural Everwinter
racing close behind.
Cannon-hefting Leadbelchers and bellowing
hordes of sweaty Ogor Gluttons charge towards
the enemy, drool spilling between their yellowed
fangs. When battle is met, the ogors do not
wait before sinking their teeth into their prey,
tearing out chunks of flesh even as they batter
and bludgeon away with oversized weapons.

There is nothing that
the Ogor Mawtribes
cannot eat, nothing that
they fear save the
aching of an empty stomach. They are the
hunger of Gorkamorka made manifest, and they
will consume the realms entire.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

2

HUNGERING HORDES .......4

THE MAWPATH ...........................8

GUTBUSTER
WARGLUTTS ..............................10

AN ENDLESS HUNT ..................12

THE EVERWINTER ...................14

BEASTCLAW
ALFROSTUNS .............................16

HISTORY OF HUNGER .............18

Meatfist Mawtribe ........................22
Bloodgullet Mawtribe ..................23
Underguts Mawtribe ....................24
Boulderhead Mawtribe ................25
Thunderbellies Mawtribe ............26
Winterbite Mawtribe ....................27
Gutbuster Tyrants .........................28
Favoured of the Gulping God . . . . .30
Warriors of the Warglutts ...........32
War Engines...................................34
Frostlords .......................................36
Jorlbads and Eurlbads ..................38
Torrbads .........................................40
Skals ................................................41
Camp Followers ............................42

GLUTTONOUS
HORDES ............................46

HUNGRY FOR BATTLE .............62

PAINTING YOUR
OGOR MAWTRIBE ....................64

APPETITE FOR WAR ........70

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES .........71

Battle Traits ....................................71
Command Traits ...........................72
Artefacts of Power .........................74
Spell Lores .......................................76
Everwinter Prayers .......................77
Mount Traits ..................................78
Great Mawpot ................................80
Meatfist Mawtribe ........................82
Bloodgullet Mawtribe ..................83
Underguts Mawtribe ....................84
Boulderhead Mawtribe ................85
Thunderbellies Mawtribe ............86
Winterbite Mawtribe ....................87
Battleplan:
Gorkmaw’s Gullet .........................88
Battleplan:
Challenge of Rule ..........................90

PATH TO GLORY ........................92

Ogor Mawtribes
Warband Tables ............................94

WARSCROLLS .............................98

Gutbuster Warglutt
......................98
Tyrant’s Gutguard .........................99
Goremand ......................................99
Butcher’s Band ...............................99
Junkmob .........................................99
Alfrostun ......................................100

Jorlbad ............................................101
Eurlbad ..........................................101
Torrbad ..........................................101
Skal .................................................101
Tyrant ............................................102
Slaughtermaster ..........................103
Butcher ..........................................104
Ogor Gluttons ..............................105
Ironguts ........................................106
Gorgers .........................................106
Leadbelchers ................................107
Ironblaster ....................................107
Gnoblar Scraplauncher ..............108
Gnoblars .......................................108
Frostlord on Stonehorn ..............109
Frostlord on Thundertusk ..........110
Huskard on Stonehorn ...............112
Huskard on Thundertusk ...........113
Stonehorn Beastriders .................114
Thundertusk Beastriders ............115
Icebrow Hunter ............................116
Frost Sabres ...................................117
Icefall Yhetees ..............................117
Mournfang Pack ..........................118
Firebelly .........................................119
Maneaters ......................................119

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES ..................................120

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Destruction Battletome: Ogor Mawtr ibes © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Destruction Battletome: Ogor Mawtr ibes , GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-552-2

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom
games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
When an Ogor Mawtribe goes to war,
it combines the unstoppable winter fury of the Beastclaw
Raiders with the massed charges and smoke-belching war machines of the Gutbusters.


PAGEBREAK
HUNGERING HORDES

4

Devouring their way through the realms on massive, circular Mawpaths, the ogors are a scourge upon all beings.
Whether living or dead, beast, plant or inanimate object, nothing is safe from their insatiable hunger ; these
brutish tyrants can chew through solid metal and crunch a man’s skull to pieces with a single bite.

The coming of an Ogor Mawtribe
is heralded by tremors in the earth
caused by the headlong charge of
hundreds of hulking brutes and war
mounts. This wall of flesh and iron
rolls relentlessly over ever ything
in its path. Those who stand in its
way are crushed to bloody ruin by
boisterous packs of ogors who crack
open skulls and shatter limbs with
their heavy iron-wrapped clubs,
stuffing their gaping maws with flesh
after every ki l l. Once the Mawtribe
has gorged itself to bursting,
it moves
on in search of the next meal, leaving
naught but splattered blood and
shards of bone in its wake.

RAVENOUS BRUTES

Ogors have roamed the Mortal
Realms since the earliest days of the
Age of Myth, when the God-King
Sigmar embarked upon his great
quest to bring enlightenment and
civilisation to the wilds. At that
time, they were uneasy allies with
the armies of Azyr, but this peace
did not last; the creatures’ predatory
appetites can never truly be
restrained for long. Such is the ogors’
tenacity and brute strength that they
survived even amidst the darkness of
the Age of Chaos, when the armies
of the Dark Gods rampaged across
the land. When the God-King’s hosts
finally returned to the realms, the
mighty Stormcast Eternals at their
fore, the ogors rejoiced at having
such exotic new treats to sample.

Gathering into enormous migratory
hordes known as Mawtribes, ogors
march the length and breadth of
the land, eating as they go. These
nomadic routes are not as random
as they first appear : each Mawtribe
traces a circular journey, heading out
from their lair and chewing a great
bite out of the realm before returning
to their homeland for a gluttonous
feast. With every consecutive raid,
they must travel further and further
in order to find new sources of food.
Those unfortunate civilisations that

lie on the route of this Mawpath are
most often summarily devoured, for
few armies can stop the devastating
momentum of an ogor attack.

HORDES

An ogor warrior stands twice the
height of a mortal man, though
the sheer gir th of these creatures
makes them appear far larger and
more ferocious to their foes. They
carr y crude yet effective clubs and
cleavers – the better for hacking
up and tenderising their enemies’
flesh – and their ruddy, sweaty skin
is stitched with tattoos and tribal
markings. Formidably resilient and
grotesquely swollen with fat and
muscle, an ogor can withstand all
manner of hostile environments and
can survive almost anywhere in the
realms. They are near impossible
to stop once roused, bowling their
way through any obstacles with
single-minded obstinacy and cruel
laughter. Ogors have been known to
survive spear thrusts, cannonades
and gouts of magical flame without
succumbing – certainly lasting long
enough to bludgeon their attackers
to a fine paste.

The most notable trait of ogorkind
is their bottomless hunger. Folk
tales and legends abound regarding
the creatures’ appetite, and rarely
are they more extraordinary than
the truth. An ogor can consume
almost anything; their rock-hard
teeth crunch up even the toughest of
materials, and their guts are capable
of digesting shards of plate armour
and venomous offal with only minor

rumblings. Despite the ogors’ wide-
ranging tastes, flesh is typically
craved above all else. Enterprising
foes might attempt to placate an
oncoming ogor horde with offerings
of meat, but such strategies are
rarely successful; any proffered food
is swiftly devoured, and no sooner
have the ogors finished stuffing
themselves fu l l than their bellies
begin to rumble anew. Before long,
their piggish eyes wi l l turn upon
their would-be appeasers, and
another bloody feast wi l l begin.

HUNGERING

Though not even the most deluded
scholar would describe them as
intelligent, ogors are capable of
a degree of low cunning. Driven
solely by the desire for food, an ogor
might be convinced to align with
almost any cause in exchange for
meat or the coin with which to buy
it. Doomed are those who rely upon
such arrangements, however, as
ogors scorn such inedible concepts
as honour and loyalty ; they wi l l
switch sides in a moment if doing so
seems beneficial. Nevertheless, ogor
mercenaries are a common sight in
many armies, since their fighting
prowess cannot be doubted.

EATERS OF THE REALMS

The Ogor Mawtribes are dominated
by two very different cultures, united
by their worship of Gorkamorka and
their ceaseless quest for meat. The
Gutbusters are the most numerous
of the ogor tribes and can boast
the most ‘shinies’ – a catch-all ogor
term for treasure – and the finest
weapons. These nomadic raiders
see themselves as the epitome of
ogorkind, a force of devastation
that sweeps across the realms in a
never-ending orgy of consumption.
They have learnt to make great use
of blackpowder weapons in order
to soften up their intended prey,
and they are guided along their
migratory trails of destruction by
the visionary blood-mages known
as Butchers. Teeming hordes of


PAGEBREAK
5

Gnoblars scamper alongside the
ogors as they march, scooping up
the detritus that the Mawtribe leaves
behind. These diminutive creatures
perform a variety of dangerous and
unpleasant tasks for their masters,
and in return the ogors largely
refrain from gobbling them up – at
least until food becomes scarce.

warrior-emperors, gigantic and
hugely obese even by the standards
of their own kind but no less deadly
for their bulk. Others – such as the
formidable Boulderhead Mawtribe
– are dominated by Frost Kings,
feared conquerors who, according to
ogor folklore, are vested with the icy
power of the Everwinter itself.

The second major culture within
ogor society is that of the Beastclaw
Raiders. These brutish nomads
are driven along their migratory
paths by the magical blizzard that
bites at their heels. Known as the
Everwinter,
it forces the ogors ever
onwards, else they become frozen
amidst its icy depths. Riding upon
massive beasts of the mountains,
they stampede over their foes like a
living avalanche. Lolloping, shaggy-
furred horrors and vicious hunting
cats run at their side, driven by
grizzled ogor huntmasters. Defeated
enemies are either eaten on the
spot or gathered up in the ogors’
saddlebags to be consumed at a
later date.

Many Mawtribes maintain a greater
connection to the Gutbuster way
of life and are ruled by the near-
mythical Overtyrants, towering

When they are not raiding in
search of food, these two decidedly
different cultures regularly clash
for domination. The civil wars that
often result from these hostilities
are terrible bloodbaths, but they do
lead to a surplus of quality meat.
Ogors are not too proud to feast
upon their own kind, given the
opportunity ; in truth, many Tyrants
and Frostlords consider such flesh

to be a delicacy. Regardless of the
roots of their society, nearly every
Mawtribe contains a number of
warglutts – the nomadic tribes
of the Gutbuster Ogors – as
well as many Beastclaw Raider
Alfrostuns. Though this relationship
is not always a peaceful one, it
undoubtedly makes the Mawtribe a
power to be truly feared. When their
shared hunger unites the various
ogor cultures as a single, meaty fist,
the resulting rampage of destruction
and ravenous consumption spells
disaster for every living thing in
the vicinity.

‘We have proffered half a season’s

grain, six tonnes of pickled raga-meat,

three hundred and seventy caskets of

Cyphian amber and three steam-tugs

filled with freshly caught silt-eels. How

we will

feed the garrison in the coming

days I do not know, but, praise the

God-King,

the ogors have accepted our

proposed terms. Catransa is safe.’

- The last words of

High Arbiter Myros Hale,

recorded two days before the sacking

of Catransa by the Ugmor Warglutt

THE GREAT MAWPOTS

Most prized of any Mawtribe’s possessions is its Great
Mawpot. This immense iron cauldron serves as both a
cooking tool and a shrine to the Gulping God, and it
is always filled with a bubbling stew of blood, marrow
and boiled flesh known as battlebroth. Whilst it is
utterly inedible to any other species, battlebroth acts
as a healing draught when consumed by the children
of the Gulping God. Fashioned from the melted-down
heraldry, armaments and treasures of those foes the
tribe has eaten, Great Mawpots are built and blessed
by the meatmasters of Gorkamorka and function
as a magical focal point for the Butchers’ strange
gastromantic powers.

Great Mawpots are usually placed at the centre of a
Mawtribe’s nomadic camp, surrounded by campfires.
It is here that the entire tribe wi l l gather in the
aftermath of a raid for a great feast – or ‘gutbash’ – in
Gorkamorka’s honour. Butchers and Slaughtermasters
carve up hunks of meat and captured prey-things,
paring slices of flesh and cracking open bones to
scoop out the delicious marrow within. Every scrap
of matter is then hurled into the Mawpot along with a

few special ingredients – perhaps a sprink ling of dried
salamander glands for an extra fiery kick or some
handfuls of gargant blubber to thicken and enrich
the blend. Such is the magical power of a Mawpot
that even the incorporeal or daemonic can be trapped
within its iron skin; to some tribes who dwell within
Shyish, such esoteric ingredients are quite a treat.
Once the meat is nice and tender, and the waiting
ogors are almost drowning in their own drool, the
Butcher pours the first bowl, which always goes to
the highest-ranked ogor present. Gnoblar attendants
then rush and scamper about, handing out servings
according to prestige, refilling bowls the moment
they are emptied. To take advantage of their great
power, ogor armies often drag their Mawpots into
battle. They are positioned at the centre of the ogor
line and anchored in place by bones or tusks driven
deep into the earth. Next to the cauldron is a slab of
bloodstained rock where the Butcher can carr y out
their gory work in the heat of battle. Defeated foes are
gathered up and hurled into the cauldron; the lucky
ones are already dead at this point, but, unfortunately
for their captives, some Butchers and Slaughtermasters
prefer the taste of freshly boiled meat.


PAGEBREAK
The sound of trampling boots and the rumble of swollen stomachs heralds the coming of an Ogor Mawtribe. All
foes learn to fear this terrible sound regardless of their allegiance, for the children of the Gulping God are not
fussy about their food – they w i l l eat anything and ever ything that gets in their way.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE MAWPATH

THE MAWPATH

8

To the unfortunate kingdoms that lie in the path of a Mawtribe, the chaotic, headlong momentum of the ogors’
advance might seem entirely random. In fact, if one is to view these migratory routes from afar, a terrifying
pattern emerges – that of a great mouth, chewing its way through the Mortal Realms.

Ogor legends tell that, in the
ancient days, the greenskin deity
Gorkamorka – whom they call the
Gulping God or the Great Beast
that Consumes the Realms – was
so ravenous that gobbling down
mere creatures no longer sated his
hunger. Thus, he began to chew upon
the realms themselves. Mountains,
canyons, volcanoes and calderas
were all formed by Gorkamorka
taking great bites out of the world.
Still, it was not enough. Ropy strings
of drool dribbled from the greedy
god’s mouth, seeping into the bite
marks he had left in the realmcrust,
and from these primordial
underground pools emerged the
first of ogorkind. Therefore, ogors
believe themselves to be a physical
embodiment of their deity’s hunger ;
they are his digestive juices, flooding
across the land and softening the
realms so that they may eventually
be consumed.

LEGACY OF HUNGER

During the Age of Myth, the ogors
fought in Gorkamorka’s
armies, the
greenskin god having made war
upon the deadly beasts of the realms
at the behest of Sigmar the God-
King. Gorkamorka had joined the
God-King’s pantheon after fighting
Sigmar to a standstill,
impressed
by the warrior-god’s great strength.
He now found himself standing
alongside old foes such as the
duardin smith-god Grungni and the
fearsome goddess of nature, Alarielle
the Everqueen. It was a fraught but
powerful alliance, and it paved the
way for Sigmar to bring light and
order to the wild realms.

In those times, the ogors directed
their hunger towards the ferocious
monsters and abominations that
surged forth from the untamed wilds
to threaten the God-King’s growing
empire. For a time, this task satisfied
the children of the Gulping God,
for the hunting was good and the
meat plentiful. Yet
they swiftly grew

to resent the fact that they could
not stuff their bellies with the flesh
of Sigmar’s people – deny an ogor
anything and he wi l l crave it more
than ever. Ultimately, Gorkamorka
tired of doing the God-King’s
bidding and embarked upon a wild
and directionless rampage across the
Mortal Realms. The ogors eagerly
followed after their frenzied deity,
car ving great furrows through
the realms as they indulged their
gluttony to the full. The ogors called
these migratory routes Mawpaths
and were guided on their pilgrimage
by the magic of the Butchers, blood-
prophets capable of reading the
eternal hunger of their deity and
intuiting the direction of the greatest
quantities of fresh meat.

Throughout the Age of Chaos, when
the Dark Gods’ daemonic legions
spilled into reality to pillage and
despoil, the ogors revelled in their
new-found freedom to eat humans.
They feasted at wi l l upon both the
ragged survivors of the God-King’s
empire and the mortal servants
of Chaos.

Although the Mawtribes suffered
losses of their own, as many
champions of the Dark Gods saw
the ogors as worthy foes to slaughter
in the name of their unspeakable
deities, the ogors’
fearsome resilience
and nomadic way of life enabled
them to escape the grim fate that

struck the abandoned peoples of the
God-King. Indeed, impressed by the
creatures’ brutish strength, many
Chaos Lords offered great bounties
of flesh to the Mawtribes in return
for their aid in cracking open the last
few strongholds of civilisation that
remained – a task that well suited the
wrecking ball of an ogor army.

Each of the Mawtribes long ago
claimed a stretch of sacred ground
as its own, often a mountainous
retreat or subterranean complex.
Known as Gluttholds, these holy
places include the Great Mawfort of
the Ogor Hinterlands,
the Tallow
Pits of Glissom and Butcher’s Gorge,
the gore-splattered cavern home of
the Bloodgullet Mawtribe. Most of
the Gluttholds still stand, having
survived the God-King’s return to
the realms and the assault of his
heavens-forged Stormcast Eternals.
They remain gruesome monuments
to hunger and greed,
lined with
maw-shaped totems to Gorkamorka
and dominated by vast feeding pits
dotted with bloodstained butcher
slabs and cooking fires.

At the culmination of its migratory
conquests, a Mawtribe returns to
its ancient Glutthold carr ying vast
hauls of flesh and gore gathered
from its raids. This bounty is poured
into immense bubbling cauldrons,
and thousands of ogors feast, fight
and give praise to the Gulping God
in a great celebration of virility
that births the next generation
of ogors.

Such is the potency of this festival
that the Mawtribe’s Butchers
channel
its power to tear the gory
morass of the feasting pits open
like a clotted scab. A magical portal
forms from the piles of coagulated
gore, which leads to a new and
untouched feeding ground. Thus
does the Mawtribe embark upon
a fresh Mawpath, each subsequent
migration more devastating and
further reaching than the last.


PAGEBREAK
THE SOUL WARS

In the aftermath of the catastrophic
necroquake and the formation of the
Shyish Nadir, many of the ancient
Mawpaths have been thrown off
course, buffeted by the winds of
amethyst magic sweeping across
reality. The traditional cycle has
been disrupted, as fertile lands are
transformed into barren deserts of
ash and supplies of meat spoil and
turn rancid. An ogor can survive on
anything, of course – even dirt and
sand if necessary – but such offerings
do not satiate the boundless hunger
of Gorkamorka. Butchers and
Slaughtermasters grumble and frown

as they stir their half-empty flesh-
cauldrons, muttering that this dire
situation was caused by the ogors’
blasphemous lack of appetite. They
urge their Tyrants ever onwards and
direct many smaller warglutts away
from the Mawpath into occupied
lands, hoping that by spreading the
trail of devastation they might atone
for the Mawtribes’
failure.

As a result of this disruption, the
Mawtribes have quickened the pace
of their march, overwhelming free
cities and Chaos bastions alike and
even attacking their fellow children
of Gorkamorka when other food

is scarce. The growing power of
Nagash has also found the ogors
locked in battle with his undead
legions. Deathrattle phalanxes
and frozen throngs of shambling
Deadwalkers are hardly the prey
that the raiders desire most, but in
these dark times, many Alfrostuns
and warglutts have survived only by
feasting upon the offal of the long
dead. This has brought the ogors
into conflict with Nagash’s
elite
warriors, the Ossiarch Bonereapers,
who are charged with destroying
anything that threatens the rise of
the Great Necromancer’s nascent
undead empire.

9

THE UNDERGUTS’ GREENFEAST

The ruinous campaign that the Underguts Mawtribe
calls its Greenfeast is just one example of the terrible
destruction wrought by an ogor Mawpath.

After passing through the Nightskein Realmgate,
the cavern-dwelling ogors of the Underguts found
themselves in the bounteous valleys of Verdia in the

Realm of Life. Having lived for many centuries off the
pallid, slime-covered things that wriggle in the soil of
their lightless homeland, the ogors were delighted to
find vast tracts of wild land filled to the brim with all
manner of delicious treats. Having devoured countless
townships, verdant forests and frontier forts, they now
push ever closer towards the Sigmarite stronghold of
Hammerhal Ghyra.

The main force of the Underguts Mawtribe – a gathering of
scores of Alfrostuns and warglutts – chews its way across the
w ilds of Verdia in a series of ever-expanding concentric circles.
Each march is more destructive and wide-ranging than the last,
for the ogors must journey fur ther and fur ther in search of food.

While the Mawtribe marches on, individual warglutts and Beastclaw raids
divert from the Mawpath into untouched regions. Guided by the auguries of their
Butchers, they gouge jagged trails of destruction through the land. Viewed from
afar,
these diversions take the shape of fangs puncturing the crust of the realms.


PAGEBREAK
10

GUTBUSTER WARGLUTTS

GUTBUSTER WARGLUTTS

Each Gutbuster warglutt is ruled by a Tyrant, the biggest and toughest ogor in the tribe. These hulking warlords
gather an elite retinue of warriors to their side to enforce their will, relying upon the primal blood magic of their
Butchers and Slaughtermasters to guide them to their next feast.

Warglutts are the tribal gatherings
of the Gutbuster Ogors. Each of the
great Mawtribes contains many of
these lesser hosts, which can var y
greatly in size and composition.
Some warglutts contain little more
than a score of ogors scavenging for
food, while others number in the
hundreds and are more than capable
of sacking even heavily defended
cities. Though they typically advance
alongside the main body of the
Mawtribe, on occasion warglutts
wi l l divert from the Mawpath,
setting out on their own in pursuit of
particularly tasty prey – or according
to the unpredictable whims of their
shamans. These splinter forces wi l l
ravage their way across verdant
lands, sometimes setting up camp
in a region for decades or even
centuries to pillage and feast, before
ultimately returning to join their
Mawtribe when every last scrap of
matter has been consumed.

In the majority of cases, a Gutbuster
warglutt is ruled by a Tyrant, who
commands with unquestioned
and brutal authority. There is no
hereditary inheritance in ogor
society – power is earned through
brute force, battering one’s
rivals
and messily consuming their
innards. In time, an ogor might rise
from the lowly status of an Ogor
Glutton to become a Tyrant or even
an Overtyrant in command of an
entire Mawtribe.

The Tyrant’s word is law on all
matters save the direction in which
the warglutt heads in search of food
– this is the purview of the tribe’s
Slaughtermaster, who reads the
giblets of butchered prey to intuit
the wi l l of the Gulping God. All
other business,
including the waging
of battles and the busywork of
negotiating with preyfolk for greater
hoards of food, is conducted by the
Tyrant. In order to enforce their
wi l l and safeguard their position at
the head of the warglutt, a Tyrant
assembles an elite retinue of the

biggest and meanest Ironguts to
serve as their Gutguard. These ogor
champions keep the greater tribe in
line through intimidation, bullying
and bursts of extreme violence. In
return, they are granted the choicest
loot and the finest cuts of meat in the
aftermath of a raid.

The Gutguard rarely leave their
master’s side; in battle, they fight
as one to form a brutal cleaver that
hacks into the heart of the enemy
line. Their self-interest should not
be mistaken for loyalty, however.
The great majority of challengers
to a Tyrant’s
rule wi l l come from
within the ranks of the Gutguard.
This apparent contradiction seems
perfectly natural to ogorkind.

Aside from the Tyrant,
the most
respected and feared member of
a warglutt is its Slaughtermaster.
This imposing figure leads the
Butchers in their gruesome rituals
and is responsible for cooking up
the Tyrant’s meal after every battle.
All ogors are in awe of the mystical
connection that these strange
shamans share with the Gulping
God, and they often draw a following
of fascinated worshippers. On rare
occasions, Slaughtermasters have
even been known to overthrow
Tyrants and take command of an
entire warglutt when they feel that
the wi l l of Gorkamorka has not been
fulfilled – or if their hunger simply
gets the better of them.

Beneath the Slaughtermaster, but
still occupying positions of great
influence, are the Butchers, who
gather and boil up slain foes for the
tribe’s nightly meal. Ogor Gluttons
flock about the car ver y slabs like
hungry boars hunting for scraps,
alongside Leadbelchers whose task
it is to blast apart particularly large
chunks of flesh for the cooking pot
and Ironguts seeking the favour of
the Gulping God.

The warglutt’s
feasts draw out the
cursed abominations known as
Gorgers, who wail and drool as
they watch the blood-priests hack
and tear apart prime cuts of meat.
Though they maintain a strange
connection to a tribe’s Butchers,
Gorgers are seen as nothing more
than repulsive beasts by their fellow
ogors and are forced to live on the
edge of a warglutt’s encampment,
foraging for scraps of flesh and bone
left behind.

The scrawny beasts known as
Gnoblars are obsessed with the
seemingly worthless junk that
the ogors leave in their wake. For
their part, the ogors typically avoid
feasting upon them unless food
supplies are desperately low ; not
only do the scraggy things taste
particularly foul, they prove rather
useful as disposable fodder to hurl at
fortified enemy positions. Plus, their
crude, ramshackle war machines
known as Scraplaunchers are
surprisingly effective.

Depending on its size, an ogor war
camp may also attract a number of
followers from outside the warglutt’s
sphere of influence. The shamans
known as Firebellies may wander out
of the wastes, preaching the word of
the Sun-eater – their interpretation
of the Gulping God. Likewise,
swaggering mercenary bands of
Maneaters, their pockets stuffed with
coin and loot, might deign to fight
alongside a warglutt for a time, at
least until they obtain a better offer.


PAGEBREAK
HIERARCHY OF THE TARKAN

11

The Tarkan Warglutt of the Endless Boneyard is one of the largest and most powerful warglutts in the
Meatfist Mawtribe. Ruled by the fearsome Tyrant Kagruk Kin-eater,
it has fought across the length and
breadth of Hallost in Shyish. In recent times, it has drawn the ire of the Ossiarch Bonereapers of Cartoch,
who were enraged by the ogors’ refusal to stop eating their precious stocks of bones.

Despite suffering grave losses in a series of brutal battles against the soul-constructs, Kin-eater still
commands a potent fighting force. The Tarkan are currently migrating north towards the Realmgate of High
Harrow in search of more prosperous lands.

TYRANT KAGRUK KIN-EATER

GUTGUARD

IRONBLASTERS

Kin-eater cal ls his cannons the Big Bellowers, and they
are his pride and joy.

IRONGUTS

The Bully Boys, Kagruk’s favourite band
of head-crackers.

CAMP
FOLLOWERS

GOREMAND

BUTCHER
BANDS

OUTSIDERS

GORGERS

The Slobberers, a
band of pale-fleshed
wretches who feed off
the Tarkan’s
scraps.

SLAUGHTER-
MASTER

Bufolg Bloodbelch,
eater of the
Albino Croxor.

BUTCHER

Old Glabb, blind and
ancient but still as
deadly as ever.

MANEATERS

The Goldguts, a
mercenary troupe
out of Hallost.

GNOBLARS

Teeming masses of
puny greenskins who
scamper along with
the Tarkan.

IRONGUTS

Bellyrippers, a band
of brash fighters
with a penchant for
warm entrails.

IRONGUTS

Glabb’s Lot, personal
bodyguard of the
warglutt’s Butcher.

FIREBELLIES

Odjo and Burl,
wandering shamans
of the Sun-eater.

SCRAP-
LAUNCHERS

The Gnoblars
can field several
rickety catapults.

OGOR GLUTTONS

The Greasers, youths
who hang around the
cookpots in hope of a
good meal.

OGOR GLUTTONS

Meatrippers, whose
task it is to collect
choice cuts for the
Butcher’s pot.

LEADBELCHERS

The Shouters, old
hands rendered
slightly deaf by
constant gunfire.

LEADBELCHERS

Scorch Blasters, who
like sizzling strips
of meat on their
red-hot gun barrels.


PAGEBREAK
AN ENDLESS HUNT

AN ENDLESS HUNT

12

The origins of the Beastclaw Raiders are shrouded in the half-remembered legends of the Age of Myth. The truth
behind the icy curse that haunts them may never be known, but it is certain that their existence of constant
hardship and war has forged them into one of the most fearsome fighting forces in the Mortal Realms.

TRIBES OF THE FROZEN
WASTES

Perpetual winter and gnawing
hunger drive the Beastclaw Raiders
ever onwards to find fresh hunting
grounds. The ogors ravage the
regions they cross,
leaving only
ruin in their wake. Taking as much
food as they can, they flee before
the arrival of the Everwinter – the
supernatural blizzard that pursues
them eternally. It is the destiny of
these tribal raiders to forever seek
new prey, while it is the fate of their
victims to be mercilessly devoured.

It was not always so, and though
only myths remain of their past,
the raiders still tell tales of the first

Alfrostun and the Beastclaw raid
from which it was born. In those
ancient days, the ogors were the
skilled hunters and trackers of
Gorkamorka’s
armies as well as its
heavy cavalry. There are many stories
of the Beastclaws riding into battle
before the assembled hosts of the
Gulping God.

For an age, the legends say, the
Beastclaw were favoured warriors of
Gorkamorka and their rewards were
foes to fight and mounds of meat –
but it was not to last. Some say it was
Baergut Vosjarl,
the first Frost King,
who betrayed Gorkamorka and was
punished with the first Everwinter.
Others claim that it was Sigmar

who cursed the Beastclaw tribe for
their gluttony,
that the God-King
created a winter storm to deny the
ogors prey, though they learned to
stay ahead of its killing cold. There
are also legends of how the ogors
opened the Icefell Vaults of Shyish,
unleashing the dreaded Winter Gods
from the prison Nagash had crafted
for them. The tales claim that these
fell creatures follow the ogors still,
granting their saviours the gift of
endless cold.

Many of the great Ogor Mawtribes
are ruled not by Gutbuster
Overtyrants but by Frost Kings,
immense warrior-emperors of the
frozen winter. Unsurprisingly,
these


PAGEBREAK
13

Mawtribes are dominated by the
Beastclaw Raiders’ distinct culture,
though they also boast many
conquered warglutts within their
ranks. These Gutbuster Ogors must
swiftly learn to handle the deadly
extremes of life at the edge of the
Everwinter – as well as the derision
of the Beastclaw Raiders, who see
them as coddled weak lings. Yet even
the most scornful Frostlord would
admit that Gutbusters have their
uses. Butchers and Slaughtermasters
are particularly prized, for they have
mastered the art of cooking and
seasoning their meat – an enticing
concept to their Beastclaw cousins,
who are more used to crunching up
frozen meat-shards and chewing on
weeks-old strips of hide.

RISE OF THE SVARD

Tensions have always simmered
between the different ogor cultures
as Beastclaw and Gutbuster vie for
dominance. On many occasions,
this rivalr y has erupted into outright
war, the ogors deciding that the only
way to settle their differences is to
club each other into gory mush.

During the Age of Myth, the
Frostlord Braggoth Vardruk ranged
far across Ghur in search of the
fabled Golden Hunting Grounds, a
mystical paradise that he believed
would shield the Beastclaw Raiders
from the bite of the Everwinter.
However, he was lured into the path
of the Everwinter by the trickery
of aelven wizards, and he and his
Alfrostun were encased in ice.
Centuries later, at the dawn of the

Age of Sigmar, an errant lightning
bolt from the God-King’s Tempest
shattered Vardruk’s
icy prison, and
he and his warriors staggered into
the light of a new world. Rejoining
with his ancient people, the
Boulderhead Mawtribe – or Svard in
the tongue of the Beastclaw Raiders
– Vardruk was angered to learn
that they had suffered greatly at the
hands of their Gutbuster Overtyrant.
Untroubled by the cursed winter that
forever prowls after the Beastclaw
Raiders, this legendary figure
had grown fat and rich. He had
conquered many Alfrostuns and
demanded ever greater volumes of
tribute from his vassals.

Vardruk ended this reign of terror
in a typically blunt fashion: by
trampling his rival to a fine paste
beneath the hooves of his Stonehorn.
Claiming the title of Frost King,
Varduk swayed many Beastclaw
raids to his cause. In decisive battles,
he defeated the Mawtribes of the
Bloatpaunch and the Eyegougers,
subsuming their warriors into
his ranks. His next target was the
Meatfist Mawtribe, the mightiest
of all the ogor kingdoms, who had
long maintained an alliance with
the Boulderhead. Both Mawtribes
bore the proud, red fist of blood as a
symbol of dominance, though they

disagreed on its provenance: the
Meatfist claimed that it hearkened
back to their ancient progenitor,
Grawl Meatfist, while the Svard
insisted it symbolised the victory of
the legendary Baergut Vosjarl over
the ur-bear Jorhar.
If Vardruk was
to triumph, the Meatfist must kneel
before him. Yet Globb Glittermaw,
Overtyrant of the Meatfist, was
of no mind to oblige. Possessed of
great cunning and foresight for an
ogor, Glittermaw’s name was well
earned. As the vast Svard horde
swept ever closer to his sacred lands,
Overtyrant Glittermaw summoned
to his side no fewer than five other
Mawtribes through a combination of
bribery, threats and brute force.

Before the gates of the Great
Gutfort raged the ferocious Battle
of Ice and Gold. The Boulderhead
were ultimately overpowered,
though at the cost of untold ogor
lives. Indeed, such were the losses
sustained by the Meatfist that
Glittermaw grudgingly agreed to
a cessation of hostilities, rather
than inflicting the humiliating and
total defeat that he desired. As a
symbol of his continuing defiance,
Vardruk erased the ruddy stain of
his former allegiance by thrusting
his blood-spattered fist into the
mouth of a white-hot Ironblaster
cannon, gritting his teeth as the
glowing metal blackened his flesh,
scouring all bonds of fellowship
with the Meatfist. This gesture is
still observed by all warriors of the
Boulderhead, who maintain that
the battle for dominance of the
Mawtribes is not yet decided.

TONGUE OF THE ICE LORDS

Svoringar,
the ancient tongue of the Beastclaw Raiders,
is a harsh, guttural
language influenced by the
nomads’ strong tribal traditions and age-old hunter
wisdom. It is spoken still by many Alfrostuns, and
there are numerous local variations and subdialects.

The core of the language seems simple at first, with
a meagre vocabulary and only a smattering of verbs.
However,
the meaning of a single word can change
greatly depending on its intonation. For instance, the
word Atta is the Beastclaw term for a mountain, but
it can also be used to indicate strength or dominance
over one’s
rivals or uttered as a direct threat. Each of

these words is depicted by an angular rune, which can
often be seen daubed upon flesh, armour or the hides
of war beasts.

The Beastclaw Raiders guard the secrets of their
language carefully,
typically conversing with their
Gutbuster kin in basic ogorspeak. Thus, the majority
of ogors refer to the Beastclaw-led Mawtribes by
their ‘common’ names; the Boulderhead Mawtribe,
for example,
is known as such by all except the
Beastclaw, who still proudly use the svoringar term
Svard. Likewise, the Thunderbellies Mawtribe refer
to themselves as the Olwyr and the Winterbite as
the Fraya.


PAGEBREAK
THE EVERWINTER

THE EVERWINTER

14

Winter follows hard on the heels of the Beastclaw Raiders. These savage ogors must stay ahead of this supernatural
blizzard, for if they were to fall into its clutches, they would be frozen alive and condemned to an eternity of
hunger – the most terrible fate imaginable for any of the Gulping God’s children.

THE HUNGRY BLIZZARD

A frozen shadow that looms over
the shoulders of the Beastclaw
Raiders, the Everwinter is a
mystical snowstorm of terrible
power, capable of instantly freezing
anything that falls into its grasp.
It is not a single force of nature
but a gathering of ice storms that
sweep across the realms in pursuit
of the scattered Alfrostuns and
Beastclaw-dominated Mawtribes.
To the Boulderhead Mawtribe, this
magical storm appears as a furious
barrage of fist-sized hailstones;
the ogors of the Winterbite march
to war enveloped in a blanket of
white fog; and the Thunderbellies
charge into battle behind a
booming gale that drives their foes
inexorably backwards.

move while their hunger remains
unabated. Though this does not
ki l l the ogor,
it subjects them to a
far worse fate – they must stand,
immobile, while their hunger grows
ever more agonising and insistent.
There are places in the realms where
entire Alfrostuns of Beastclaw
Raiders stand in frozen formation,
having been rooted to the spot for
generations. Woe betide any who
stray into such locations. Most of
these foolish adventurers are frozen
alongside the brutish creatures, but
some suffer a more violent fate, as
the tantalising presence of fresh
meat can make the ogors strain hard
enough to shatter their icy bindings.
When such beings are freed, the
results of their ravenous rampages
are gruesome indeed.

While their blubberous bodies and
thick skin make them well equipped
to deal with extreme cold, even
Beastclaw ogors cannot withstand
the mystical temperatures of the
Everwinter. Any who find themselves
in its icy embrace are frozen to
the ground, rendered unable to

The Alfrostuns ride on the edge
of the blizzard’s
fury, always on
the very cusp of disaster. Yet
the
paradox of this existence is that
the Everwinter is also the source of
their power. The shamanistic war-
leaders known as Huskard Torrs can
channel the ferocious power of the

storm in order to batter their foes
with deadly missiles or shroud them
in freezing palls of fog.

The coming of the Everwinter can
be just as horrifically devastating
to the Raiders’ victims. Those few
who manage to survive the spears
and blades of the ogors might give
their praises to the gods for a brief
moment as their attackers depart
– only for relief to turn into horror
as a freezing blizzard rushes down
from the mountains to swallow
them whole. Instead of the barren
wastes left behind by the Gutbusters,
Beastclaw Raiders leave frozen,
featureless tundra haunted by the
savage beasts of winter.

For their part, the Gutbuster tribes
look upon the Everwinter as a curse
that haunts those who have failed to
properly appease Gorkamorka. Many
Tyrants and Overtyrants openly
scorn the Beastclaw Raiders for this
great shame, and more than one
brutal civil war has been initiated
as a result of just such an unwise
insult. Though the great blizzard


PAGEBREAK
15

does not chase after the Gutbusters
directly,
they are no more immune
to its ravages than their wild kin.
The warglutts that swear allegiance
to the Boulderhead, Thunderbellies
or Winterbite Mawtribes soon
come to appreciate the Everwinter’s
terrible ferocity.

DEATHLY WINDS

In the wake of the Shyish
necroquake, the pattern of the
Everwinter has become ever
more erratic. As the immense
surge of deathly magic birthed in
the aftermath of Nagash’s
spell
swept across the lands, it battered
against the blizzard’s fierce storm
front. This resulted in a series of
intense supernatural tempests
that devastated great portions of
the realms. Swirling ice blended
with clouds of ethereal matter, and
wherever the black clouds gathered,
hosts of ice-taloned gheists spawned.
Worse still, many Alfrostuns found
their hunting grounds stripped
of prey and rendered barren and
lifeless by the spectral tempests.
Forced to divert, they ranged across
new frontiers.

The damage wrought upon the ogors’
migratory trails has brought the
Gulping God’s children into conflict
with new prey. The Boulderhead

Mawtribe has found fine feasting
grounds in the Grachwold Valleys
of Ghur,
the domain of the Allherd
Greatfray. Their Stonehorn
stampedes thunder across the plains,
seeking out the throngs of beastmen
cavorting about the Herdstone and
falling upon them in a ravenous
frenzy. The Thunderbellies battle for
control of the Lodebridges of Ayadah
in the face of stubborn resistance
from the sky-fleets of Barak-Urbaz,
while the icy mists that herald the
Winterbite Mawtribe have frozen
the shores of the Dwindlesea from
the Glittering Marsh to the Desert of
Bones – neither living nor dead are
safe from the Winterbite’s
sudden
attacks. Meanwhile, offshoots from
these Mawtribes have diverted from
the Mawpath and formed their own
raids into hostile lands.

While several Alfrostuns and
warglutts were entirely consumed
by the raging deathstorms of the
necroquake, frozen in the final
throes of death, other Frostlords
looked behind them to find the
skies were bright and clear in all
directions and the Everwinter’s
grasp had loosened. However,
the Huskards of these Alfrostuns
have warned that this is merely a
temporary reprieve – Gorkamorka’s
hunger is eternal, and even death
cannot quench it.

THE GREAT THAWING

As the death-gales of the Shyish
necroquake battle against the
icy storms of the Everwinter,
the freezing embrace of the
latter has been driven back in
many regions,
leading to a great
thawing. As a result, many
imprisoned Beastclaw Raiders
have at long last been freed
from their icy prisons. Driven
entirely mad by their long
existence without the taste of
fresh meat and gore upon their
lips, these ogors – and in some
cases entire Alfrostuns – have
embarked upon a desperate
search for food. The Coast of
Tusks in Ghur has been savaged
by the packs of Beastclaw
Raiders known locally as the
Snow Fiends. Having glutted
themselves upon a shipment of
prophetic augur-stones from
the nearby city of Excelsis,
these animalistic savages have
launched unerringly well-timed
raids upon Freeguild Outrider
formations, merchant caravans
and shore patrols. All attempts
by Vanguard-Hunters of the
Knights Excelsior to hunt
down and slay the deranged
creatures have proved costly
and fruit less.


PAGEBREAK
16

BEASTCLAW ALFROSTUNS

BEASTCLAW ALFROSTUNS

An Alfrostun is an extension of its Frostlord’s w i l l. Each of their Huskards, the tribal chieftains that enforce their
orders, commands a separate and distinct arm of the tribe. The Jorlbad is the ‘Fighting Hand’,
the Eurlbad the
‘Eating Hand’ and the Torrbad the ‘Hand of Thunder’.

The Beastclaw equivalent of the
Gutbuster warglutts, Alfrostuns are
the traditional nomadic tribes of the
Beastclaw Raiders. Most Mawtribes
boast at least a few of these roving
bands, though they are most
commonly sighted fighting under
the banner of Beastclaw-dominated
Mawtribes such as the Boulderhead
or Thunderbellies. The masters of the
Alfrostuns are the Frostlords. These
hulking chieftains are the biggest
and toughest of their kind, second in
prestige only to the Frost Kings, the
legendary overlords of the Beastclaw
Mawtribes. While a Frostlord’s
dominance is unquestioned – at
least until a challenger decides
to make a play for leadership –
these war leaders maintain a trio
of subordinate chieftains who
control the three major arms of
the Alfrostun.

The most prestigious arm is the
Jorlbad, or the ‘Fighting Hand’.
Formed from the tribe’s most
celebrated warriors, the Jorlbad is
granted the greatest share of meat
upon a triumphant raid, for it is
they who are found at the thick of
the fighting. Its Huskard is typically
the Alfrostun’s most fearsome
champion, second only in skill and
ferocity to the Frostlord.

After the Jorlbad comes the Eurlbad,
or the ‘Eating Hand’. The role of this
arm is no less important than that
of the Jorlbad, though it is viewed
as less prestigious. It is tasked with
securing the areas overrun by
the Alfrostun’s vanguard forces,
slaughtering any last pockets of
resistance and harvesting every last
scrap of meat.

Before each battle, the Frostlord wi l l
select which of their Huskards wi l l
command the Jorlbad and which
wi l l take control of the Eurlbad, a
decision that depends on who has
proven themselves most worthy
during previous raids. Despite their
differing duties, the composition
of both the Jorlbad and Eurlbad is
similar. Each is led by a Huskard
mounted upon a Stonehorn. At
the chieftain’s
side ride Stonehorn
Beastriders, deadly shock troops that
form the elite Atta pack. Beneath
these are packs of Mournfang riders
led by sub-chiefs known as Skalgs.
The exact size of these packs depends
upon the wealth and prestige of
the Alfrostun.

The final arm is the Torrbad.
Unlike their fellow chieftains, the
Huskard Torr wi l l maintain their
position until death. The Huskard

Torr is a spiritual figure, shaman
and wise advisor whose connection
to the Everwinter is invaluable to
the tribe’s Frostlord. Comprising
the Alfrostun’s Thundertusks, the
Torrbad is the herald of winter, and
Frostlords use its freezing presence
to great effect upon the battlefield.
Its chill also serves to draw in other
creatures of winter, such as Icefall
Yhetees, that add to the Torrbad’s
savagery in battle.

Unaligned with any of the
Alfrostun’s distinct arms is the Skal.
This is the Alfrostun’s
scouting force,
formed of veteran Icebrow Hunters
whose task it is to seek out the richest
hunting grounds. They answer
directly to the Frostlord, though
it is rare that the Frostlord exerts
control over them; their hunter’s
instincts are trusted implicitly
and they are usually granted the
freedom to roam and track as they
see fit. Most Alfrostuns include a
Jorlbad, an Eurlbad, a Torrbad and a
Skal, though not all do. Some, such
as the Thunderbellies’ beastrider
clans of the Sky Roads, consist
entirely of mounted Stonehorn
riders, while others include several
roaming Icebrow Hunter packs. The
Winterbite Mawtribe particularly
favours the latter.

THE RISE OF GARL GRISTLEBEARD

Frostlord Garl Gristlebeard rules over the Nibolg
Alfrostun, one of the largest and most feared of the
Winterbite’s
tribes. His story is one that typifies the
brutal, merciless way of life amongst the Beastclaw
Raiders. Gristlebeard once rode with the Mournfang
cavalr y of the Nibolg, gaining a fearsome reputation
as an outrider and prey-seeker. Over the course of
hundreds of battles, he eventually earned the rank of
Huskard, making the journey into the deadly mists of
the Everwinter to find and break a Stonehorn mount.
Naming his foul-tempered companion Bittertusk,
Gristlebeard became a favoured chieftain of Frostlord
Yorva, master of the Nibolg. He fought at the tip of the
spear in the Battle of Black Peaks, grinding the Blood
Warriors of the Fell Scythe into the sulphurous earth.

He personally slew the Jabberslythe of Jod, eating
the mad beast’s eyes to gain its deranged insight. In
time, his legend grew to rival that of Yorva himself.
When the venerable Frostlord was slain in battle
with a vampiric Terrorgheist,
the ogors of the Nibolg
observed the Rite of Hoctgar. The most powerful
warriors, including Gristlebeard,
left the main tribe
and roamed into the wilds, searching for worthy prey
to offer up to their kin. Gristlebeard sought out the
very beast that had slain his predecessor – the Ravener
of Icespine Pass. After a hunt that lasted many days,
he cornered the Terrorgheist
in its lair,
impaling the
undead horror with Yorva’s
frost spear and lashing
its rotting corpse to his Stonehorn. Upon arrival back
at the Nibolg’s war-camp, Gristlebeard’s offering was
accepted and his place as Frostlord assured.


PAGEBREAK
A

C

D

E

Most Alfrostuns
adhere to the tribal
structure depicted
here. However, the
mix of packs and the
number of warriors
that fill their ranks
can var y widely from
one raid to the next.

A. Frostlord on
Stonehorn

B. Jorlbad

C. Eurlbad

D. Torrbad

E. Skal and
Frost Sabres

F. Atta packs

G. Svo packs

H. Otri packs

I. Fvor packs

J. Hirf packs

K. Icefall Yhetees

K

B

F

G

H

I

J


PAGEBREAK
HISTORY OF HUNGER

HISTORY OF HUNGER

18

Ogorkind has endured throughout the dark centuries of the Age of Chaos, growing fat and strong from a nomadic
life of ceaseless conflict. Now, as the tremors of the Soul Wars rock the Mortal Realms to their core, the children of
the Gulping God march forth in vast numbers, anticipating the greatest feast they have ever known.

THE AGE OF MYTH

AN UNEASY ALLIANCE

The God-King Sigmar seeks to
unite the Mortal Realms under a
single pantheon of deities. As he
travels the realms, bringing the
light of hope and reason to his
scattered people, he encounters
great numbers of greenskins and
ogors. The warlike creatures prove
hostile to all attempts at diplomacy
until Sigmar battles their barbarous
deity Gorkamorka to a standstill.
The Great Green God joins Sigmar's
Pantheon of Order and for a time
there is peace, though the ogor tribes
soon grow frustrated, having been
denied the delicious taste of human,
aelf and duardin flesh.

ON THE MAWPATH

Seeking to divert the attention of
the destructive greenskin deity,
Sigmar charges Gorkamorka
with hunting down the deadliest
beasts of the Eight Realms, those
unnatural abominations that most
threaten his nascent empire. The
twin-headed god calls a Great
Waaagh! and charges off across
the realms, the ogors racing along
after him. Stonehorn packs and
thundering stampedes of Ogor
Gluttons clash in battle against
malformed monstrosities and arcane
horrors. Wherever they roam, there
is a surfeit of meat to be devoured,
and the power of the ogors swells
as their Mawpaths gouge through
the realms.

CANNONS OF THE
SKY-TITANS

The Sky-Titans that dwell in the
clouds above the Scabrous Sprawl
of Ghyran are known for their
terrifying blackpowder weapons,
which they mount upon immense
floating citadels. According to ogor
mythspeakers, these strange beings
earn the ire of Gorkamorka when
they employ their ar ti l ler y to blast
apart the megalofin shoals of the
Great Green Torc, upon which the

Gulping God desired to feast. In
his fury, Gorkamorka batters the
citadels of the Sky-Titans out of the
air, causing them to plummet and
smash to pieces upon the rocky
ground below. It is the ogors who
recover several greatcannons from
the wreckage and rubble, naming
them Ironblasters and delighting in
the terrible devastation unleashed by
each thundering blast.

A PROFITABLE PARTNERSHIP

Sick of being picked on by orruks
and rival grot clans, the creatures
known as Gnoblars come up with
a clever solution: they seek out the
biggest and meanest allies possible.
Accordingly,
they end up taking
shelter amongst the Mawtribes of
the ogors. Expert scavengers and
surprisingly effective tinkerers, they
prove incredibly useful and are put
to work on all the tedious, dangerous
or downright unpleasant jobs the
ogors cannot be bothered to perform
themselves. In return, the Gnoblars
gain a measure of protection and are
very rarely eaten.

THE RED FIST

The Tyrant Grawl Meatfist grows
so fat and ravenous that no normal
beast can slake his appetite. In
search of a meal that wi l l quieten
his protesting gut, he seeks out and
battles the Ghurish Titanox – a
legendary herd-beast from which it
is claimed that all rhinoxen descend.
After a bout that lasts several days,

Grawl finally opens the horned
beast’s belly with his glaive, pulling
out its sloppy innards with his bare
hands and cramming them into his
mouth. With this act, Grawl Meatfist
earns the favour of the Gulping
God. He becomes the first of the
Overtyrants, and his ever-swelling
following of warglutts merges to
form the great Meatfist Mawtribe.

THE COMING OF THE
EVERWINTER

The ogors of the Beastclaw Raiders
have many myths regarding the
arrival of the Everwinter,
the ice
storm that forever stalks at their
heels. Many still claim that it was
the first Frost King, Baergut Vosjarl,
who damned his descendents
for all time by feasting upon the
innards of the frozen ur-bear Jorhar.
Yet
it is also known that in these
primordial times, the progenitors
of the Beastclaw Raiders breached
the Icefell Vaults of Shyish in search
of food and, in doing so, released
the Winter Gods – ancient deities
of ice and bitter winds. Whatever
the truth of things, from the dawn
of the Age of Myth to the present
day, the cursed blizzard stalks the
Beastclaw sti l l.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

EASY PICKINGS

The weakness and sin of mortalkind
opens the way for the daemonic
legions of the Chaos Gods to spill
into reality. These numberless
legions sweep away the armies of
Order before them and crush the
great civilisations of the realms
to rubble. With Sigmar having
retreated to Azyr,
the ogors
immediately renege on their old
truce with his people. They join
in the rampant sacking of fallen
kingdoms, unleashing their
ravenous hunger upon the God-
King's abandoned flock. By and
large, the Mawtribes avoid the
concentrated wrath of the Dark


PAGEBREAK
19

Gods' armies, who focus their
attacks upon the few remaining
bastions of civilisation. Some
warglutts and Alfrostuns even
fight beneath the banners of Chaos
armies, earning a bounty of flesh in
return for their service.

A RANCID MEAL

The worshippers of Nurgle rampage
across Ghyran, spreading plague
and pestilence. At first, the ogors
of that realm are dismayed to find
entire stretches of land turned
to toxic slurry, but eventually
they develop a taste for the stuff.
Frostlord Yoruk of the Korbag
Alfrostun hunts giant mutated
hagfish along the coasts of Glut Lake.
Though the gigantic pus-seeping
abominations are tremendously
difficult to slay, Yoruk judges the
hunt to be well worth the risk; he
delights in the slimy wetness of their
flesh as it slides down his gullet.

MERCENARIES OF CHAOS

The ogors of the Vintrbad
Mawtribe fight in the armies of
Archaon the Everchosen. Gradually
they take on the heraldry of their
new master, wearing scavenged
hell-forged steel and inking their
skin with blasphemous symbols of
the Dark Gods. Though they claim
to still worship the Gulping God,
they are looked upon with suspicion
and scorn by all right-thinking
ogors. Mercenary work is one thing,
adopting strange religions and
un-ogorish customs quite another.

UPSET STOMACHS

Magister Xerool of the Cult
Pandemonius is driven to fur y
when ogors of the Split Cheek
Warglutt break into his eldritch
tower and devour reams of
priceless arcane texts and occult
devices. Calling upon his Arcanite
Cabal, Xerool unleashes his fu l l
sorcerous might against the Split
Cheek, blasting the ogors with
flesh-warping bolts of wyrdflame
and setting packs of capering
daemons upon them. However,
the vast quantities of forbidden
magics that the Split Cheek have
devoured begin to repeat on them.
Clutching their guts, they vomit up
streams of magical fire and bubbling
jets of molten silver. One of these

unpleasant eruptions catches the
unfortunate Magister Xerool fu l l in
the face, burning his skull to ashes.

FALL OF THE DAWNHOLD

The aelven refuge of the Dawnhold
stands among the Ember Mountains
of Aqshy, a shining beacon of hope
amidst the darkness of the Age
of Chaos. The fortress-sanctuary
rebuffs all attempts by the armies
of the Chaos Lord Slathynex to
breach its walls. Swordmasters
guard the ramparts and fire-hurling
Loremasters obliterate any war
machines sent forth. Frustrated,
Slathynex digs in for a lengthy and
costly siege.

But fortune is on his side. Tyrant
Klugg the Flatulent of the Meatfist
Mawtribe has long sought to feast
upon tasty aelven flesh. He offers to
bring his great Ironblaster cannons
to bear upon the stronghold – if the
Chaos Lord agrees that every living
thing inside the Dawnhold belongs
to the ogors and is theirs alone to
devour. After ten days of ceaseless
bombardment, Klugg’s rusted,
oversized cannons shatter the outer
wall of the Dawnhold and the allied
force of ogors and Chaos Warriors
rushes in to butcher the occupants.
However, during the carnage that
follows, Slathynex’s Manticore
mount feasts upon a single fallen
aelf. Furious, Klugg the Flatulent
accuses the Chaos Lord of breaking
the terms of their treaty. His Ogor
Gluttons immediately turn upon
their allies, hacking them to death
with enormous cleavers.

FORBIDDEN TASTES

An ogor’s single-minded craving
makes them particularly susceptible
to the temptations of Slaanesh, God
of Excess. Many are drawn to the

illicit pleasures of flesh-bazaars and
sensatoriums erected by Hedonites
of the Dark Prince. Within their
perfume-shrouded depths, these
ogors become addicted to all manner
of forbidden tastes. Such decadent
sadists can be found at the forefront
of many Slaaneshi armies, their
fleshy bodies scrawled with tattoos
and pierced with hooked chains,
their skin slick with unguent oils.

DRUNK ON BLOOD

The Sanguinarch vampire Contessa
Margol de Viresse rules over one of
the largest blood-farms in Golvaria.
Within the Crimson Gardens
of Nescalene, thousands upon
thousands of mortal slaves from
across the realms are sacrificed daily
upon exsanguination tables, their
lifeblood drained, blended to the
Contessa’s exacting instructions
and then bottled to be consumed at
her leisure.

The tantalising odour of this
gruesome distiller y reaches
the nostrils of the Bloodgullet
Mawtribe’s Butchers. They sweep
down upon the Gardens, smashing
their way through the Contessa’s
Blood Knight retinue and hacking
apart both Margol de Viresse
and her ornate palanquin. In the
aftermath of battle, the ogors break
into the distilleries of the Crimson
Gardens to gorge themselves upon
their contents. Drunk on ichor of
the rarest vintage, the Bloodgullet
depart with great sackfuls of bottled
blood, the decapitated head of the
Sanguinarch glowering furiously
down at them from its place atop a
rusty pike.

HERALDS OF THE VOLCANO

Firebellies from all across the realms
are drawn to The Eye, an immense,
volcanic crater in the Parching
Wastes. The strange shamans
dance and pray before the flames,
devouring the shredded hearts of
salamanders and crushed Aqshian
fire-crystals before vomiting streams
of liquid fire into the bubbling pool
of the caldera. Scores of nearby
volcanoes erupt simultaneously,
drowning vast tracts of land in
molten rock, as some gargantuan
primordial entity stirs deep below
the realmcrust of Aqshy.


PAGEBREAK
20

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

THE TEMPEST OF AZYR

The Gates of Azyr open and
Sigmar’s Tempest crashes across
the Eight Realms. Riding upon
trails of celestial lightning come the
Stormcast Eternals, the God-King’s
mighty champions, who launch
themselves upon the unprepared
armies of Chaos. The storm of Azyr
does not merely herald the dawn
of the Age of Sigmar,
it also shakes
loose forgotten threats left dormant
since the Age of Myth.

As a Warrior Chamber of the Astral
Templars slams to earth in the Rime
Valleys of Ghur, an errant bolt of
aetheric energy summoned by its
arrival crashes down upon the icy
prison of the Frostlord Braggoth
Vardruk. Rock-hard ice shatters,
blood pumps into atrophied limbs
and Vardruk and scores of his
warriors stagger into the light of a
new age, their stomachs growling
with terrible hunger. They fall
upon the astonished Stormcasts
and slaughter them entirely. Upon
reuniting with his own descendents
in the Boulderhead Mawtribe,
Vardruk announces himself
their new Frost King. Any ogor
who disagrees is quickly clubbed
into submission.

BRIEF ALLIANCES

At the Battle of Gauntpass, Globb
Glittermaw’s Meatfist warriors join
forces with the Eyebrand Horde of
the Chaos Lord Skantor against the
Hammers of Sigmar. This alliance
lasts only until the Overtyrant
realises that slain Stormcast Eternals
are all but inedible. Immediately the
Meatfist turn upon the Eyebrand,
displaying absolutely no contrition
for their betrayal. Idly chewing
on Skantor’s butchered corpse,
Glittermaw retreats from the battle
while the golden warriors of Azyr
look on in confusion.

REALMGATE WARS

The Realmgate Wars rage across
reality as the armies of the heavens
battle the mortal and daemonic
hordes of Chaos for control of the
ancient arcane pathways between the
realms. For the ogors, this is a time
of plenty. Hiring themselves out as

mercenaries or simply preying upon
beleaguered foes, they stuff their
mouths with vast amounts of food.

OF STORM AND SNOW

During the war for the Golt
Realmgate, the Cerulean Comets
Stormhost allies with the Heroth
Alfrostun against frenzied
Bloodbound hordes. The ogors’
devastating Stonehorn charges crush
hundreds of wild-eyed berserkers
into puddles of bone and gore,
turning the battle in the Stormcasts’
favour. Yet as the ogors depart, their
saddlebags stuffed with fresh meat,
the Everwinter descends across the
battlefield. Many warriors of the
Cerulean Comets are frozen solid,
and those that escape are forever
wreathed in an aura of frost.

THE GREAT WAAAGH!

Word reaches the leaders of the Ogor
Mawtribes that Gordrakk, Fist of
Gork, is gathering a Great Waaagh!
that wi l l shake the realms to their
very core. Every single Mawtribe
sends forces to join the growing
greenskin horde, and Butchers drool
at the prospect of the great feast that
wi l l soon commence.

THE GRAND GOLLOP

Butchers and Slaughtermasters
from every Mawtribe travel to the
Hungry Mountain in Ghur, bringing
with them a delectable variety
of ingredients and quality meats
that they have gathered on their
Mawpaths. There, the shamans of
the Gulping God partake in a great
display of butchery and gruesome
ritual, competing against their peers
to cook up the finest offerings to

Gorkamorka. Such is the potency of
the gastromantic magic gathering
at its summit that the Hungry
Mountain tears itself out of the
earth. It embarks upon a ravenous
rampage, cramming forests, hills
and luckless mortal settlements into
its rocky maw.

EATERS OF LIGHTNING

The Thunderbellies Mawtribe
meets the Lightspear Chamber of
the Knights of the Aurora in battle
upon the Sky Roads of Chamon.
The Stormcast Eternals wish to
secure these vital causeways as trade
routes between their newly founded
strongholds of Order, while the
ogors have no intention of allowing
their sacred paths to be conquered.
Amidst a churning electrical
storm, formations of lightning-
wreathed Fulminators crash into
the Thunderbellies’ massed bestial
cavalry, the force of the impact very
nearly tearing the metal highway
apart. Even though the Lightspear’s
Dracothian Guard bring down many
ogors and their mounts, their charge
falters as they are buffeted and
crushed under the grinding hooves
of Stonehorns and Mournfangs.

As slain Knights of the Aurora
transform into streaks of celestial
lightning, the Thunderbellies rush
forward in a desperate attempt to
catch the bolts in their gaping maws.
Upon returning to their Stormkeep,
the Lord-Celestants discover,
to
their horror,
that the souls of many
warriors have not made the journey
back to Azyr to be reforged. These
disappearances are blamed upon the
terrible alchemical storms that cloak
the Sky Roads, but some Knights of
the Aurora believe in a darker truth:
the ogors of the Thunderbellies
Mawtribe somehow feasted
upon the disembodied essence of
their comrades.

IRON AND ICE

To bring down the Dreadhold
surrounding the Manticore
Realmgate, Ironjaw Megaboss
Grakgob makes an uneasy alliance
with the Svard. The Chaos defenders
finally cave in the face of combined
packs of Mournfang riders and mobs
of Gore-gruntas and are butchered to
the last warrior.


PAGEBREAK
21

A GHOSTLY FEAST

Furious at the Winterbite
Mawtribe’s
incursion into the lands
of Athanasia, which he claims as
his domain alone, the Death God
Nagash unleashes the Sorrowful
Host upon the Beastclaw Raiders.
This innumerable Nighthaunt army
sweeps down upon the Winterbite,
who fall back before the spectral
assault, retreating into the mists of
the Everwinter.

Masses of Spirit Hosts and
Chainghasts follow in pursuit, but
such is the supernatural cold of
the cursed blizzard that even their
ethereal bodies begin to freeze,
cr ystallising into semi-solid matter.
The ogors rush to counter-attack,
with Icebrow Hunters leading loping
packs of Yhetees into the fray and
smashing their would-be assailants
into shards of ice. The Fraya crunch
their brittle foes between their teeth
and the Great Necromancer learns a
disturbing truth – even the spectral
dead are not immune to the eternal
hunger of the Everwinter.

TROGGOTH TROUBLE

The Underguts Mawtribe
accidentally awakens a slumbering
band of Rockgut Troggoths while
blasting their way through the
Warrens of Mur. The lumbering
beasts squash scores of Ogor
Gluttons flat before they are at
last obliterated by point-blank
Ironblaster bombardments.

AERONAUTICAL APPETITE

Driven entirely insane by his regular
consumption of grot shamans
and their lunatic concoctions, the
Tyrant named Tarrar the Drooler
announces that he wishes to eat an
entire Kharadron sky-vessel, bolt by
bolt. His warglutt attacks the Barak-
Z ilfin mining outpost of Hailpoint,
and before the duardin can retreat
upon their Ironclad flagship, Tarrar
and his Ironguts clamber aboard
and hack the crew into pieces.
Over the course of a season, the
Tyrant dismantles and consumes
the entire sky-vessel, from its vast
endrin-spheres to the smallest
porthole latches. Unfortunately,
just as he gulps down upon the last
scrap of metal – the warhead of a
grudgesettler bomb – the acid in his

gut triggers the explosive. Tarrar
explodes in a hail of sloppy flesh and
iron shards, splattering his surprised
attendants with gore.

THE SVARD WAR

Frost King Braggoth Vardruk desires
to assert total dominance over the
Ogor Mawtribes. Gathering many
of the most powerful Beastclaw-
led Mawtribes under his banner,
Braggoth launches an assault upon
the Great Gutfort, stronghold of
the Meatfist. If the eldest and most
famed of the Mawtribes can be
humbled, then Vardruk’s
rule would
be uncontested. But Overtyrant
Globb Glittermaw of the Meatfist is
no fool; he gathers allies of his own,
and before the gates of the Gutfort
a furious battle rages between
Gutbuster and Beastclaw.

Both sides suffer grave losses,
but the sheer size of the Meatfist
army proves too much even for the
formidable Boulderhead. Vardruk
agrees to a truce, but in his fur y at
the outcome of battle, he thrusts his
bloodstained arm into the mouth
of an Ironblaster cannon, turning
his flesh coal black. Thus does he
sever the ancient accord between
Meatfist and Boulderhead. From this
point on, all Svard make the same
symbolic gesture.

FIREW YRM EGGS

Having developed a taste for
Magmadroth eggs, Tyrant Blurg
Scorchfinger of the Underguts
Mawtribe sets his eyes upon Ashen
Cradle, a magmahold defended
by the Lofnir lodge of Fyreslayers.
Scores of blind cavern-rhinoxen are
loaded with saddlebags packed to
the brim with blastpowder and sent
stampeding across the great bronze
bridge to the gates of the Cradle,
terrified Gnoblar riders at their

reins. As soon as the Fyreslayers’
elite Magmadroth riders unleash
their mounts’ flaming breath, the
rhinoxen’s
explosive cargo detonates
with mountain-shaking force.
Chortling with laughter,
their ears
bleeding, soot-covered Underguts
warriors sweep into the magmahold.
Scorchfinger feasts well that night,
dipping charred duardin limbs into
lava-baked Magmadroth eggs.

WAR OF BONES

In the land of Hallost lies the
Endless Boneyard, a desert waste
littered with the skeletons of long-
dead titans. At its centre stands the
Necropolis of Cartoch, a stronghold
of the Ossiarch Bonereapers –
Nagash’s
elite legions. For centuries,
these deathly soul-constructs have
known a measure of peace with the
neighbouring Tarkan Warglutt;
the
long-held Pact of Bones dictates
that while the Tarkan can feast
on anything that passes through
the Boneyard, they must leave the
skeletons for the Bonereapers to use
in their horrific rituals. However,
when the Tyrant Kagruk Kin-eater
rises to power, he breaks the ancient
truce, marching across the borders
of Cartoch and devouring all the
skeletal remains he can get his hands
on. Vokmortian, Master of the
Bone-tithe, is despatched to mete
out brutal punishment. After a brief
and bloody conflict, the Tarkan are
forced to retreat, though Kin-eater
vows he wi l l return to feast upon
the dead.

GORK’S GUTRUMBLE

Nagash, the Great Necromancer,
works a spell of unthinkable
power,
inverting the magic of the
Realm of Death and unleashing
the necroquake, a tidal wave of
deathly energy that crashes across
the realms and raises great hosts of
spirits in its wake. The ogors call this
Gork’s Gutrumble, believing that
the trauma is caused by the hungry
greenskin god’s protesting stomach.
Many Mawpaths are thrown off
course as fertile feeding grounds
are stripped bare by swirling
deathstorms. The Slaughtermasters
see this as a sign of the Gulping
God’s great displeasure and preach
that the ogors’ portion sizes have
been far too meagre.


PAGEBREAK
Meatfist Mawtribe

MEATFIST MAWTRIBE

22

The Meatfist see themselves as the greatest of all of the Mawtribes, and they have ample reason to make such a
claim. Possessed of greater riches and vastly more ogor warriors than their rivals, the Meatfist stampede over
their foes in an avalanche of sweaty flesh, gorging themselves upon the corpses of defeated kingdoms.

The proud Meatfist beat their chests and proclaim
their Mawtribe to be the greatest of all. In light of the
vast quantities of meat and plunder that roll into their
fortress, the Great Gutfort, at the culmination of every
successful raid, that claim is not without merit. The
blood-smeared hand that marks a Meatfist warrior
is a sight known and feared by civilised folk, corrupt
tribespeople and deathly warlords alike – and with
good reason. Their Mawpath has reached further and
consumed more of the realms than any other, stripping
entire regions of every scrap of matter.

The familiar red-stained hand of a Meatfist warrior is
achieved by thrusting a forearm into a boiling vat of
gore,
letting the scalding blood stain the flesh crimson.
Performed anew before each fresh raid, this symbolic
act recalls the legend of Grawl Meatfist, first of the
Overtyrants, who earned his title by defeating the
Ghurish Titanox and pulling out the great beast’s innards
with his bare hands. It is said that by feasting on this
primordial behemoth, Grawl was filled with vitality and
strength beyond that of any ogor. The Meatfist claim that
Grawl’s blood still runs thickly in their veins. Though
the other Mawtribes resent this boastful arrogance, not
to mention the fact that the Meatfist regularly claim the
choicest hunting grounds as theirs alone, they cannot
deny the power of the Meatfist – nor challenge it without
risking obliteration.

Whether or not the tales of its ancient primogenitor are
true, the Mawtribe certainly boasts a greater number of
ogors than any of its rivals. The Meatfist are particularly
adept at defeating and absorbing smaller competitors
into their ranks; the Bilegulpers, Clotted Throat and
Stoneteeth have all been humiliated and conquered,
their rulers devoured and their lesser warglutts and
Alfrostuns subsumed. Even the fearsome Boulderhead
once bore the red fist to honour their allegiance with the

Meatfist, though the two have been fierce rivals ever since
Braggoth Vardruk’s
attempt to dominate the Mawtribes.

The Meatfist have thrived through the tumultuous
coming of Sigmar’s Tempest and even the deathly storms
of the Soul Wars,
their warglutts travelling across vast
distances in search of food. Many great armies have been
sent to stop them, from Stormcast Warrior Chambers
and Chaos war parties to the Ossiarch legions of
Mortarch Katakros. The ogors are of course delighted by
this steady stream of intriguing new flavours delivered
straight into their waiting mouths. The Tyrants of the
Meatfist have grown hugely rich and corpulent as a result
of the Mawtribe’s
success, which has had the effect of
increasing their already immense appetites tenfold. Each
feast must be greater than the last, and thus the Meatfist
set their sights upon ever more ambitious conquests.

OVERTYRANT GLOBB GLITTERMAW

Globb Glittermaw is the undisputed ruler of the
Meatfist Mawtribe, a massive, corpulent titan the size
of a gargant, clad in crimson robes with a jaw stuffed
fu l l of shining jewels – gems fashioned from pure
realmstone, according to rumour. Glittermaw claimed
the title of Overtyrant when his predecessor exploded
in his sleep – a fortuitous event that Glittermaw
maintained was a sign of Gorkamorka’s displeasure.
The Slaughtermaster who alleged that the deceased’s
wine-trough had been laced with unstable Aqshian
fire-crystals mysteriously fell into a boiling cauldron
of gall-slime soon afterwards, and Glittermaw’s
ascension swiftly followed.

Glittermaw’s canny mind and eye for opportunity
are infamous. It was he who first extolled the concept
of storing looted treasure rather than simply eating
it, exchanging it with mortal kingdoms in return
for weapons and fodder. Under Glittermaw’s
rule,
the Meatfist have often hired themselves out as
mercenaries, growing their wealth and prestige
with every victory. The legends of his deeds grow
increasingly outlandish with every telling. It is said
that he breached the Vaults of Light in Hysh and
devoured every golden treasure within, and that his
furiously rumbling belly caused the avalanche that
buried the armies of Tempest’s Eye at the Battle of
Slit Throat.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodgullet Mawtribe

BLOODGULLET MAWTRIBE

The Bloodgullet do not cook the flesh that they consume, for they believe that power lies in good, rich blood. Thus,
they consume their meat raw,
letting its crimson juices dribble down their chins and clot in their beards – their
gruesome appearance is often enough to make the bravest warriors take flight.

23

Even their fellow Mawtribes are war y of the Bloodgullet’s
strange powers. For these ogors, blood is ever ything.
No flesh is worthy of devouring unless it is fresh and
dripping; the sensation of gore dribbling down one’s chin
is a holy communion with the Great Beast that Consumes
the Realms. In battle, they strike not simply to ki l l but to
bleed their enemies dry, slicing open throats and arteries
and slurping down the crimson rain that spills forth.

The skin of a Bloodgullet warrior is grotesquely florid
and their bodies are swollen and bloated like well-fed
leech-grubs. Their rubescent complexion is entirely due
to the Mawtribe’s preference for raw and bloody flesh.
According to the teachings of the Bloodgullet Butchers,
cooking meat dilutes its inherent power. It is the rich
potency of spilled gore that the Gulping God desires
above all. To this end, the Mawtribe’s ogors see it as a
blasphemy to waste a drop. They allow it to scab across
their flesh and cake their weapons, to matt their hair and
stain their teeth a ruddy brown. Even for ogorkind, the
stench of a Bloodgullet army on the march is thoroughly
appalling – the rotten stink of weeks-old gore mixing
with the aroma of rancid sweat drifts before them like a
suffocating cloud.

The Bloodgullet seek out the finest, richest blood, sniffing
it out from afar like hounds tracking wounded prey.
Though they are no less gluttonous than others of their
kind, to the Bloodgullet a ‘good drop of the red stuff ’
is more prized than a great haul of dr y meat and bone.
They delight in sampling new flavours from their latest
victims, often devouring them alive so that the meat is
at its freshest and most succulent. The very concept of
roasting one’s
food is enough to make these ogors recoil
in disgust – they look upon Firebellies with something
approaching horror,
for the fire-obsessed shamans char
all the subtle flavours out of every foe they ki l l. One
might suspect that the ice-shrouded Beastclaw Raiders
would be similarly shunned, but in fact Bloodgullet ogors
find slurping on shards of frozen gore quite refreshing.

Boasting more Butchers and Slaughtermasters than
any other Mawtribe, the Bloodgullet’s connection
to the primal magic of the Gulping God is second to
none. This ensures that the Bloodgullet’s meatmasters
wield considerable influence; their counsel is received
with respect even by the Overtyrants of the other great
Mawtribes, for they are believed to be the chosen heralds
of the Gulping God. Some even command their own
warglutts, having eaten their former Tyrant and assumed
their position at the head of the tribe.

Bloodgullet Butchers are renowned for the accuracy of
their prophetic pronouncements and the intoxicating
power of their raw concoctions of flesh and ichor. In

battle, the Butchers splatter their warriors with potent
blends that swell their muscles and heighten their
predatory senses, ensuring that every strike carves open
a gushing wound and sends scarlet geysers spurting into
the air. The Mawtribe’s Gnoblars are tasked with darting
across the battlefield carr ying buckets and pans to catch
this deluge for later consumption.

The Bloodgullet hail from Butcher’s Gorge in the Realm
of Aqshy. This Glutthold is built around a vast bubbling
underground lake that holds great spiritual significance
for all of the Gulping God’s faithful. The Bloodgullet
claim that somewhere beneath the lake lies one of
Gorkamorka’s broken ribs, torn from his body during
the greenskin deity’s ferocious duel with Sigmar the
God-King. It is said that the marrow of this cracked bone
still seeps Gorkamorka’s blood, forming subterranean
rivers that feed the gruesome baths of Butcher’s
Gorge. Butchers from other Mawtribes and warglutts
occasionally make pilgrimages to the Gorge, wallowing
in its gore-springs as they seek a greater connection to
the Gulping God.

Owing to their obsession with blood and raw flesh,
ogors of the Bloodgullet sometimes find common cause
with the armies of Khorne, for where the Blood God’s
followers roam, invariably there are lakefuls of viscera
to be sampled. Indeed, it is said that the mighty Korghos
Khul, greatest of all Khorne’s mortal followers, counts
Slaughtermaster Horg Blacktooth of the Bloodgullet
among his most valued advisors. At the Battle of the Red
Wake,
the Bloodgullet joined with Khul’s Goretide to
slaughter so many Idoneth warriors that the seas clotted
with their briny gore.


PAGEBREAK
Underguts Mawtribe

UNDERGUTS MAWTRIBE

24

The free peoples of the Mortal Realms are kept awake at night by blood-curdling tales of pale-fleshed, troglodytic
monsters that blast their way up from the deep earth, emerging inside cities and townships to feast upon the
luck less occupants. These legends are invariably inspired by the cavern-dwelling Underguts.

The Underguts Mawtribe hails from the deepest, darkest
caverns of Ulgu, the Realm of Shadow, where the light
of the stars has never reached and vile things writhe
through the soil and stone in search of prey. These
pale-skinned ogors have spent generations feasting upon
these horrifying creatures and have developed a taste for
the putrid and the venomous. Their unpleasant diet has
turned their flesh a sallow greenish-yellow and causes
them to drool unspeakably vile and poisonous liquids.
The Underguts subterranean existence has also forged
them into surprisingly effective miners; they can tunnel
vast distances through solid rock, though their method
of excavation would surely prove fatal to any species less
resilient than the ogors.

It was during the Age of Chaos that the Underguts first
discovered their aptitude for explosives. The duardin
Underlords of Kazak Fulgar were once renowned across
the realms for the quality of their blastpowder, which
they created from a blend of crushed emberworm
scale and chips of culverite. Both were found in
enormous quantities in the cavernous abyss that ran
beneath the mountain of Kazak Fulgar. Like so many
other powerful empires, the duardin were driven
underground by the coming of the Dark Gods’
legions.
In their hidden cavern-gunforts, they thought themselves
safe, but they did not anticipate the ferocity of another
enemy – the Underguts. In a long and bloody war, the
ogors devoured the gunforts of Kazak Fulgar, one by one.

During the fighting, the Underguts learned to use the
Underlords’ greatest weapon against them. The Mawtribe
had always made use of vast numbers of Gnoblars, and
these diminutive tinkerers managed to intuit a method
of creating crude, unrefined blastpowder by copying
the duardin’s methods. This volatile, deadly substance
proved fascinating to the Underguts, who delighted in
the cacophonous explosions it caused and the taste of the
charred, splattered flesh it left in its wake. The Underlords
of Kazak Fulgar were soon destroyed and devoured
as the ogors blasted great holes in their fortifications
and swept in to overwhelm the dazed defenders. With
their enemy consumed, the Underguts claimed Kazak
Fulgar as their Glutthold, renaming it Mount Bellow
for the thunderous explosions caused by mining
Gnoblars that rumble through its cavernous depths. The
Mawtribe’s warriors bear the image of the mountain
proudly upon their gut-plates and in the form of crude
skitterpillar-blood tattoos.

All through the Age of Chaos, the Underguts journeyed
along an ever-expanding Mawpath. Unlike the majority
of their fellow Mawtribes, the Underguts did not travel
by land but instead burrowed their way through the
bowels of the realms. Whenever they met an impassable

obstacle, they simply blasted a path through it with
explosive barrels, chewing their way through the
piles of rock and debris left behind. More than once,
such crude demolition work caused a rockfall that
squashed hundreds of Gnoblars into a bloody paste.
Yet on countless other occasions, this unexpectedly
straightforward tactic proved very effective. It made
hunting the pallid abominations that were the ogors’
prime food source far easier, and the Underguts found
the charred flesh left behind in the aftermath of a
detonation particularly tasty. Their new-found explosive
expertise also allowed the ogors to bring down the
foundations of mountain strongholds and castle walls,
leading to many delicious feasts.

Unsurprisingly, given their vast stocks of blastpowder,
the Underguts count great numbers of Leadbelchers
within their ranks. These gun-wielding brutes are well
used to fighting in the close quarters of subterranean
grottos, blasting their foes into chunks of cooked flesh or
clubbing them into mush with the butts of their weapons.
The Mawtribe’s
favoured tactic is to unleash a booming
cannonade with their Ironblasters and Leadbelcher
guns that pulverises the main line of their intended prey
in a single devastating blow. Their Ogor Gluttons can
then sweep forward to bludgeon the stunned survivors
into submission. As a result of their monopoly on
precious blastpowder,
the Underguts have swiftly risen
to prominence amongst the Mawtribes. Their Tyrants
have amassed perhaps the largest armoury of Ironblaster
cannons ever assembled and have secured particularly
prosperous alliances with fellow cavern-dwellers such
as the clans of the Gloomspite,
joining their night-time
raids upon the civilised realms.


PAGEBREAK
Boulderhead Mawtribe

BOULDERHEAD MAWTRIBE

Pariahs and rebels amongst their own kind, the Boulderhead are as stubbornly resilient as the mountains of the
realms. Cal ling themselves the Svard in the ancient tongue of the Beastclaw Raiders, these proud warriors have
tamed the most ferocious of winter beasts, upon which they ride to battle and trample their foes to ruin.

25

From the mountains they descend, shaking the earth
beneath their thunderous advance. Immense shaggy-
furred Stonehorns charge into battle, the ogor warriors
atop them hurling javelins and striking out with clubs
and fists. Those enemies that are unwise enough to
stand in the face of this juggernaut are crushed to
unrecognisable puddles of gore or speared and dragged
away for the ogors to feast upon at their leisure. Each
of these savage warriors bears a blackened and burned
right fist, which they raise aloft as they bellow fearsome
battle cries proclaiming the unrivalled might of the
Boulderhead Mawtribe.

The ogors of other Mawtribes look upon the Boulderhead
as malcontents and troublemakers, but none would be
so foolish as to doubt their ferocity in battle. Calling
themselves the Svard, which means ‘unbreakable
ones’
in the language of the Beastclaw Raiders, these
rebellious ogors see themselves as the only true warriors
of Gorkamorka and decry their kin as soft-bellied
weak lings. Many times they have made war upon their
own kind, seeking to once and for all claim dominion
over all of ogorkind. That they have not yet succeeded
is only due to the fact that their rivals have been forced
to ally against them, lest they be swept aside by the
Boulderhead Mawtribe’s devastating cavalr y charges.

Even for the wild and hardy Beastclaw Raiders, the
Boulderhead are notable for the harshness of their
culture and the fortitude of their warriors. The Svard
consume rock and metal in vast quantities to toughen
themselves up, with the effect that their hides grow thick
and their skulls dense – it is said that a Boulderhead
ogor can headbutt a flying cannonball out of the air. A
lifetime of this relentless brutality, combined with the
Svard’s endless raiding and frequent battles against their
own kind, has culled the weakest ogors from their ranks.
As a result, though their numbers are far fewer than
that of the Meatfist or the Bloodgullet, the Mawtribe’s
ranks are filled with thick-skinned brutes that can shrug
off almost anything their enemies throw at them. The
Svard take great pride in the belief that they are the
toughest of all ogors, and they are particularly scornful
of the Gutbusters, whom they see as soft and weak.
Nevertheless, they have conquered many warglutts in
order to swell their numbers.

Warriors of the Boulderhead pride themselves on
breeding and raising only the most ferocious war
mounts. The Huskard Torrs of the Boulderhead are
known as Beastmasters, and it is their sacred duty to
select the fiercest Stonehorns and Mournfangs from the
whelping pits, setting them against captives, captured
monsters and riderless Boulderhead warriors in a series
of gladiatorial battles designed to weed out the weak. In

the aftermath of this carnage, the Beastmasters conduct
the ritual of Yorask-Or,
in which slices of blubber are
carved from the riders and beasts that survived and
each feasts upon the flesh of the other. This symbolic act
joins ogor and mount as one, creating a fearsome and
unbreakable bond of loyalty.

In battle, this bond manifests with terrifying
effectiveness. No matter the volume of fire directed at
a Boulderhead charge, the stampede simply keeps on
coming. Freeguild ar ti l ler y companies, Kharadron
gunships and sorcerous Tzaangor archers have all
thought to slay the Svard from afar, only to realise to
their horror that the ogors’ Stonehorns still thundered
forward, shrugging off the devastating barrage unleashed
upon them. Even when their mount’s
rock-hard skeleton
has been fractured and broken in a hundred places
and its flesh seared from its bones, the most skilled
Boulderhead riders can summon one final burst of
vengeful fur y from their bonded companion. These
death-rampages can tear down castle walls and crumple
greatcannons into twisted piles of metal.

Ruled by the feared Frost King Braggoth Vardruk,
the
Boulderhead have thrived in the years since the Battle
of Ice and Gold, when the Svard and their allies fought
the combined forces of the Gutbuster-led Mawtribes to a
standstill. Impressed by Vardruk’s blunt, uncomprising
ferocity, dozens more warglutts and Alfrostuns have
scorched their right fists, taking up Vardruk’s
famous
symbol of defiance. For now, an uneasy truce remains
between the Meatfist and the Svard, though few ogors
doubt that there wi l l come a day when the Mawtribes
struggle for dominance once more.


PAGEBREAK
Thunderbellies Mawtribe

THUNDERBELLIES MAWTRIBE

26

The Thunderbellies embody the relentless fur y of the Everwinter. Racing into battle upon hulking steeds that
appear to flicker and glow with destructive energy, they reach speeds bordering on the supernatural before
slamming into their foes, sending shattered bodies spinning through the air.

A relatively young Mawtribe by the standards of the
ogor race, the Thunderbellies have greatly grown in
prominence during the Age of Sigmar,
launching furious
raids from their homeland at the centre of the Sky
Roads of Chamon. Bounding through the alchemical
lightning clouds of that storm-wracked land, the Olwyr
– as they are known in their native svoringar tongue
– absorb its fulminating energy ; their Mournfang
mounts begin to glow with barely restrained power,
granting them formidable speed. To gleeful roars and
the crack of blackpowder pistols, they crash into their
prey, splintering skulls and spines before wheeling away
before the enemy can recover. No sooner has the enemy
stuggled back into the semblance of a defensive line than
another wave of riders barrels into their flank, crushing
them once and for a l l.

The Thunderbellies’ Everwinter takes the form of a
furious tempest and moves more swiftly and erratically
than any other incarnation of the Beastclaws’ curse.
As a result, the ogors of the Mawtribe are well used to
moving at pace across the realms. Thus, they favour the
use of swift Mournfangs, rarely if ever leaving the saddle
as they embark upon their raids. Even food is consumed
on the move; the tribe’s
riders have mastered the art
of skewering unfortunate prey and affixing it to their
harness so that it can be devoured without pausing to set
up camp. The Mournfang mounts of the Mawtribe are
so attuned to the alchemical tempests of the Sky Roads
that the magic of the region has seeped into their flesh.
Their storm-black fur ripples with crackling streaks of
lightning, camouflaging them amongst the heavy clouds
of their environment. Likewise, their riders tend to
favour dark blue armour plates and helmets.

In battle, the tribe’s Huskard Torrs have mastered the
art of channelling the Everwinter’s relentless, rolling
momentum to batter their foes and grant terrifying
speed to the Olwyr’s charging mounts. The Mawtribe’s
Gutbuster contingents follow behind on rhinoxen,
clatterhorns and other mount-beasts, dismounting
before they engage the enemy. Only Beastclaw riders
are considered worthy of taking part in the Mawtribe’s
massed cavalr y charges, but the Olwyr delight in the
thunderous bombardments of Ironblasters cannons and
Leadbelcher guns, fielding as many of these blackpowder
weapons as they can.

The Sky Roads of Chamon wind their way across the
continent of Ayadah, bisecting tall mountain peaks and
rising high above churning lakes of molten silver. Most
inhabitants of the region claim that they were forged by
the smith-god Grungni as a way to connect his scattered
children, but the Thunderbellies see them as the twisted
guts of Gorkamorka, trailing behind the deity as he

rampages across the Mortal Realms. They believe that
if they travel far enough along the seemingly infinite
sky-ways, they wi l l eventually catch up with the Gulping
God and be granted a place of honour at his side. In
the meantime, the fiercely contested expanse of the Sky
Roads ensures that the Olwyr never run out of foes to
fight and eat. Constantly surrounded by coruscating
lightning storms, the Thunderbellies pride themselves
on being the loudest and most obnoxious of all the
Mawtribes. They speak only in bellowing exclamations
and delight in unrestrained destruction, taking very
nearly as much pleasure in smashing down enemy cities
and fortresses as they do in feasting upon the occupants.
The Thunderbellies have a particularly long-standing
rivalr y with the Dragon Ogors that populate the Sky
Roads and they compete with the savage beasts to chase
particularly effervescent storms, tr ying to catch bolts of
lightning in their open mouths. Unsurprisingly,
this is a
rather dangerous pastime, but the Olwyr see it as a good
way of sorting the wheat from the chaff. Those ogors who
are incinerated from the inside out are clearly unworthy
of the Thunderbellies name.

Ever since the arrival of the Stormcast Eternals in the
Mortal Realms, the Olwyr have been obsessed with
feasting upon what they call ‘lightning meat’ – the
disembodied energy that flashes back to Azyrheim upon
a Stormcast’s death. The Olwyr’s Butchers and Huskard
Torrs claim to possess the ability to trap this celestial
lightning within the blue-black clouds of the Everwinter,
whereupon it can be captured and stuffed into Mawpots.
Certainly,
in several battles between the Thunderbellies
Mawtribe and the champions of Azyr,
there have been
troubling reports of missing Stormcast warriors.


PAGEBREAK
Winterbite Mawtribe

WINTERBITE MAWTRIBE

Hunters without peer, the Winterbite Mawtribe roams across the icy plains of Ghur, eternally cloaked in a
freezing fog. Its warriors and beasts are as ghosts against a backdrop of perpetual white – k i l ling, feeding and
then vanishing without trace.

27

Without warning, a pall of icy fog descends across the
world, blanketing ever ything in the same featureless
shroud of white. Those caught in this endless mist peer
into its depths, terrified; within, shapes can be seen
moving as wraiths in the haze and the blood-chilling
howls of hunting beasts can be heard. When it comes, the
attack is swift and merciless. Frost-rimed ogors lumber
out of the fog, hurling javelins to impale their petrified
prey or clubbing them down before dragging them back
into the white-out. Sabre-toothed felines run at their side,
their woolly fur already slathered with freshly spilled
blood, their eyes blazing with predatory hunger as they
bound across the snowy ground. Soon, the feasting is
over and the screaming subsides – all that can be heard is
the crunching of bones and the bitter wailing of the wind.

The Winterbite are among the most isolated and
mysterious of all the Mawtribes. Their strange habits
and mystical connection to the Everwinter unnerve even
their own kind; their tendency to eat shards of frozen
meat without even bothering to cook them is regarded
as particularly strange. A Winterbite warrior’s skin is
pale and their beard and hair thickly crusted with ice,
no matter the environment
in which they fight. Icebrow
Hunters from the Mawtribe wear pale furs and cloth,
and the ogors breed their hunting beasts and Mournfang
mounts to have stark white fur in order to be better
masked by the snow. With the aid of this camouflage,
even a sizeable Winterbite force can hide within the
Everwinter’s mists, its warriors becoming as wraiths
amidst the perpetual white until the moment is right
for them to attack. For obvious reasons, it is a sight
harder to conceal the behemothic bulk of a Stonehorn
or Thundertusk, but by the time the ogors let loose their
heavy cavalry, the enemy is usually already doomed.

In the Beastclaw language, the Winterbite are known
as the Fraya, which, loosely translated to the common
tongue, means the ‘unseen hunters’.
It is a name well
earned. For the Winterbite,
the Everwinter manifests as
a thick, icy mist that shrouds the lands in all directions
for many a league. Unlike their other Beastclaw kin, the
Winterbite live dangerously close to the freezing heart
of the Everwinter,
for they feel a primal connection to
its supernatural power. Indeed, they rely upon the cover
provided by the impenetrable mist to hunt, waiting for
the perfect moment before bursting out of the fog and
falling upon their prey. Even those Gutbuster warglutts
subsumed by the Mawtribe learn to fight and survive in
the deadliest frost-ravaged environs.

Ogors are not by nature shrewd or patient beasts, but, in
a rare case among their kind, the Fraya do not rely upon
crushing frontal assaults. They have never been the most
numerous of Mawtribes, and they lack the vast hosts of

monster-riding cavalr y so prized by the Svard and Olwyr.
Instead, they have mastered the art of ambush warfare
and the use of the environment as a weapon. Winterbite
Alfrostuns strike suddenly from the mists, wearing their
prey down with continuous lightning raids and hunting
packs of winter beasts led by grizzled Icebrow Hunters.

Fear is a primary weapon in the Winterbite’s
arsenal, and
one they employ with cruel cunning. The tribe’s Huskard
Torrs summon packs of Icefall Yhetees from deep within
the mists of the Everwinter to lope ahead of the main
advance, their mere presence seeming to draw the mantle
of mist ever thicker across the land. These strange, silent
monsters descend from the cover of the snowstorm to
snatch away helpless souls before retreating once more
into the impenetrable white. Those confused and terrified
foes not taken by the Yhetee packs are forced to listen
to the horrendous screams of their comrades as they
are butchered and consumed, knowing fu l l well that
the horrors in the mist wi l l soon come for them as well.
Panic swiftly descends. Crossbows and hand-cannons
are discharged at half-glimpsed shadows by frightened
soldiers, and tightly ordered ranks are gradually pulled
apart by the Winterbite’s
relentless assault.

When the enemy is scattered and ripe for the slaughter,
the ogors and their hunting beasts finally descend upon
them en masse, overwhelming and devouring them
whole. In order to praise the Breath of Gorkamorka – as
they call the Everwinter – after every feast, the Mawtribe
leaves several captives staked out in the freezing cold,
some of them still alive. As the tribe departs for more
bountiful hunting grounds, this offering is slowly
swallowed up by the gathering fog.


PAGEBREAK
Gutbuster Tyrants

28

GUTBUSTER TYRANTS

Even amongst a species well known for its brutality, Tyrants stand out as particularly savage. Clad in thick iron
armour and wielding weapons large enough to cave in a gargant’s skull, these ogor warlords launch themselves
into battle with throaty bellows of laughter, slaughtering their foes and laying claim to the finest cuts of meat.

The hierarchy of a warglutt is really
quite simple – the biggest and
strongest ogor claims leadership,
using their prodigious gir th and
strength to outfight and out-eat any
who dare challenge them. Known as
Tyrants,
these towering brutes lead
the war parties of the Gutbusters in
their ceaseless search for food. This
duty is of the utmost importance,
not only because ogors require an
enormous amount of sustenance,
but because feasting is regarded by
ogors as a sacred act. Each mouthful
of dripping flesh is an offering to
the Great Beast that Consumes the
Realms, the ogors’
interpretation
of the greenskin god Gorkamorka.
Should a Tyrant
fail to provide
sufficient food for their grumbling
warriors, their reign wi l l come to an
abrupt and violent end.

Leadership disputes are solved
through traditional, one-on-one
combat. In front of an audience of
hollering ogors, the two combatants
wi l l remove their belly-plates
and face off. Disembowelling is
considered a particularly humiliating
form of death among the warglutts,
for as the old saying goes,
‘Him
that’s got no guts can’t hold onto his
food’.
If the Tyrant
triumphs, they
wi l l messily consume their would-be
deposer, while a defeat wi l l result in
their own gory demise.

A Tyrant wi l l fight many of these
succession battles during the
course of their reign. This life of
constant conflict serves a Tyrant
well in battle, as it only improves
their strength and fortitude. Tales
abound of the Tyrant who tore the
arms from a gargant before beating
the unfortunate creature to death
with its own limbs, while another
is famed for chewing off the head of
a Chaos warlord mid-duel. Tyrants
can survive arcane fireballs, hails of
cannon fire and the crushing charge
of armoured cavalry, protected as
they are by layers of blubber and
thick iron armour.

It is little surprise that many
kingdoms and free cities seek
to placate warlike Tyrants with
offerings of food and tribute rather
than face them in battle. Such truces
typically last only as long as said
city’s food stocks remain fu l l – not
very long when there are hundreds of
ravenous ogors to feed.

Should an enemy ruler decide to
hide behind thick walls and wait out
the ogor’s rampage,
in the unlikely
event that their fortifications are
robust enough to withstand an
Ironblaster barrage, they wi l l emerge
to discover that every living thing
in the immediate vicinity has been
eaten, including crops,
livestock and
any unfortunate villagers dwelling
beyond the ramparts. Even if they
fail to sack the city itself, the passing
of a Tyrant can render great stretches
of land utterly uninhabitable.

The appetite of a Tyrant can have a
drastic effect not only on their own
Mawtribe but on the surrounding
region as a whole. Though they can
eat anything, ogors often develop a
taste for a certain kind of flesh above
all others, and they wi l l obsessively
seek out this delicacy with single-
minded determination. Tyrant
Ogbort Oakeater of the Meatfist
Mawtribe developed a particular
craving for Sylvaneth bark. His
warriors laid waste to vast swathes
of the Futilian Wood in southern
Thyria, burning down trees by the
hundred to drive the forest folk into
the open where they could be hacked

down and devoured. Some unwise
ogors mocked their leader’s taste for
greenery and grumbled about having
to live off plants like aelven hermits.
Oakeater responded by slaughtering
all these discontents and grinding
up their bones to sprinkle over his
next meal.

During their long and bloody
career, a Tyrant wi l l accumulate an
extensive list of bluntly descriptive
titles, names that honour their
most infamously gluttonous
acts. For instance, Tyrant Stalgo
Hammerskull earned his name by
headbutting a frenzied bullgor to
death, while Balrak the Filthy was
so called because he vowed to never
again let a drop of water touch
his skin, following an unpleasant
encounter with Idoneth soul-
raiders. A Tyrant may also attach an
honorific that they find particularly
imposing or easy on the tongue, such
as ‘Grand Headcrusher’,
‘Emperor’
or ‘the Imprudent’. Often, the
ogor wi l l have no idea what their
chosen name actually means, but it
is seldom a good idea to bring this
up in their company. When the
Provost-General of Sayron made
the foolish mistake of chortling at
Brumgar the Imbecile, the Tyrant
responded by biting his arms and
legs off.

As ruler, a Tyrant has first pick of
the spoils of war – not just food but
wargear,
treasure and trophies. As
a result, they are always the most
finely outfitted and well-equipped
of the warglutt, bearing the thickest
gut-plate, the cruellest weapons and
the largest rolls of belly fat. Many
Tyrants choose to carr y a bone-
crushing thundermace, a weapon
that can tenderise and pulp their
intended meal without spoiling
the meat. The beastskewer glaive is
another favoured weapon, a great
polearm with a heavy blade on the
end used deliver the ki l ling blow
to enormous monsters and other
potential meals.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Favoured of the Gulping God

30

FAVOURED OF THE GULPING GOD

The blood-spattered shamans of the Great Beast that Consumes the Realms are both gourmands and spiritual
leaders; it is they who serve up colossal feasts in honour of their ever-hungry deity and they who guide the Ogor
Mawtribes across the realms on their great Mawpaths.

BUTCHERS

The mysterious clergy of the Gulping
God, Butchers are regarded with
awe and no small amount of fear by
their fellow ogors. They are wizards
and prophets both, channelling
their deity’s ravenous hunger into
gruesome displays of magical might
and divining the swiftest route to
bounteous hunting grounds by
studying the blood and entrails of
their victims. In battle, their strange
powers manifest in a variety of
hideous ways. Butchers can send

allies and foes alike into a frenzied
bloodlust, shower the enemy with a
deluge of boiling fat, or cause thick
metal armour to crumble apart as
if it had been dissolved in bubbling
stomach acid.

One might be tempted to view ogors
as crude, simplistic creatures, and in
many ways that is the case. Yet magic
and religion both play important
roles in their society, even if they are
practised in a somewhat unorthodox
manner. The preparation and

consumption of meat takes on great
spiritual significance: by consuming
vast quantities of food, the warglutt
strengthens its connection to the
Great Beast that Consumes the
Realms and its members grow strong
and virile. It is the meatmasters’
task
to ensure that their flock feeds well
and appeases the wrathfu l hunger of
Gorkamorka by constantly stuffing
their mouths with food. It is they
who prepare all of their Mawtribe’s
mammoth feasts, hacking apart
great haunches of meat with their
vicious cleavers, cracking open bones
to drain the marrow and stirring
cauldrons of simmering blood.
Butchers favour stews and broths;
they can get rid of the gristliest and
most putrid ingredients by boiling
them up nice and slowly.

Although they are at their happiest
when car ving up joints on their
gore-stained stone slabs, Butchers
are fearsome opponents in battle.
They cheerfully wade through
the thick of combat, one moment
lopping off limbs and opening
throats with their cleavers, the next
scooping up handfuls of brains and
offal and tucking them into their
aprons for later. The sight of these
obese monsters going about their
gruesome work, caked from head to
toe in gore and with all manner of
hideous ingredients and torturous
cooking utensils dangling from their
aprons,
is enough to strike utter
terror into even the most hardened
of soldiers.

Butchers are chosen young and
for a variety of reasons. They may
be picked out for their unusual
girth, the presence of maw-shaped
birthmarks on their hide, or because
they display a strange tendency to
season the flesh of slain crèche-mates
before devouring them. Whatever
the case, when it is decided that
the Gulping God has selected a
particular ogor for this hallowed
duty,
they wi l l be presented to one
of the warglutt’s existing Butchers.


PAGEBREAK
The apprentice wi l l then be trained
in the art of gastromancy for many
years. They wi l l
learn which bits of
offal to consume in order to cast a
particularly devastating spell, which
ingredients go best with minced
Maw-krusha flank, and countless
other secrets kept by the chosen
vessels of the Gulping God.

As the favoured heralds of the Great
Beast that Consumes the Realms,
it is the Butchers who interpret
his wi l l and guide their tribe
along the Mawpath. To divine the
direction their tribe should take,
Butchers perform gory rituals with
the entrails of slaughtered prey.
Gnawing upon blood-slick innards,
they enter a form of trance-like
communion with their deity. Many
hours later,
they emerge from this
fugue state to reveal the desires of
Gorkamorka. No matter how strange
or seemingly illogical a Butcher’s
epiphanic advice is, their word is
always followed without question.
Warglutts wi l l depart from rich and
fertile lands in order to follow the
hungry wi l l of Gorkamorka, and
though the journey may be hard,
inevitably they are rewarded with
new and tasty foes to consume.

SLAUGHTERMASTERS

Over the course of their lifetime, a
Butcher’s already swollen frame wi l l
grow to truly obscene proportions.
Entirely obsessed with the car ving
of raw flesh, some even hack off
their own limbs and replace them
with hooks and cleaving blades –
the better to cut their enemies into
easily consumable chunks. Known
as Slaughtermasters, these beings
are regarded as living embodiments
of the Gulping God’s insatiable
appetite and are the highest ranked
of the meatmasters. They act as their
Tyrant’s personal chef and most
trusted advisor.

Slaughtermasters often drag
their own cooking pots into
battle, continuing their vile
gastromantic experiments even
as violence rages around them.
This revered vessel, formed of
thrice-digested metals, is beaten
into shape by Gnoblars according
to the Slaughtermaster’s exacting

instructions. Once crafted,
the cauldron is attached to the
Slaughtermaster’s flesh by hooked
chains and dragged behind the
monstrous ogor as they lumber
across the battlefield.

While the Slaughtermaster cuts
a bloody swathe through their
prey,
it is the task of their Gnoblar
attendants to catch the flying limbs
and entrails, dump them into the
cauldron, and feed their master
mouthfuls of gruel. This position
is greatly prized among Gnoblars,
for it ensures a steady supply of
food and junk from butchered
corpses. Unfortunately,
it is also a
particularly hazardous job – tr ying
to lever a spoonful of greasy stew
into their boss’s snapping maw is a
task fraught with potential danger.

Unlike the tribe’s Great Mawpot,
the cauldron of slimy gore that a
Slaughtermaster drags into war is
only to be used to feed themselves
and their Tyrant. Any other ogor
foolish enough to tr y and sneak
a mouthful is likely to find their
own most precious body parts cut
off and added to the gloop. In any
case, so refined are the palates of
Slaughtermasters that they prize
flavours that would prove lethal to
all but the most resilient of ogors;
even the cooks themselves are not
immune to a bout of explosive
indigestion upon gobbling down a
particularly foetid clot of matter.

‘Oh,

just

look at

that. That’s a tasty

bit of flesh,

right enough. All red and

raw and glistening. Chew it up and

wash it down with a great big swig of

the red stuff. Lovely.’

- Slaughtermaster Yark Sourbreath

of

the Bloodgullet Mawtribe

Though only a select few may
imbibe a Slaughtermaster’s precious
bloodgruel, the magical effects
produced by the holy concoction are
felt by all. Depending on the hunk of
flesh that the Slaughtermaster pulls
out of their meat-pot, nearby ogors
might find their muscles start to
bulge or their skin becomes as tough
as Stonehorn hide.

This strange magic can also be
turned upon the warglutt’s
foes; with
a cruel leer, the Slaughtermaster can
crunch up a mouthful of bones and
channel the Gulping God’s bizarre
witchery to cause the skeletons of
nearby warriors to snap and splinter.

31

BUTCHER GOLLOPS

Most Butchers wi l l remain
with their chosen warglutt for
their whole lives, never leaving
their close-knit flock. Yet as
they slumber in the afterglow
of a hearty meal, a Butcher
or Slaughtermaster may be
visited by a strange vision
of a faraway region of Ghur,
the heartland of ogorkind;
they may find themselves
gazing down upon a looming
mountain, a sprawling forest of
fleshy trees or an underground
acid lake. In any case, they wi l l
feel inexorably drawn to this
sacred land, a place of power
where the ravenous hunger
of the Gulping God is keenly
felt. Leaving their warglutts
behind, these pilgrims wi l l
journey across unimaginable
distances, accompanied only by
slavering packs of Gorgers and
enterprising Gnoblars.

As they make their way to the
destined location, the Butchers
w i l l gather up sack fu ls of
delicious ingredients and
the meat of beasts they
happen upon. On arr iva l,
they w i l l unite with Butchers
and Slaughtermasters from
dozens of other Mawtr ibes,
and together these pi lgr ims
w i l l stage a grand festiva l of
gu losity known as a gollop.
Recipes and rare meats are
shared,
toasts to the Gulping
God are drunken ly made and
vast quantities of captives are
butchered and consumed.
Such is the immense aura
of gastromantic power
summoned by these festiva ls
that the surrounding land
beg ins to canniba lise itself:
mountains rise up to swallow
the clouds and surg ing tides
devour entire coast lines .


PAGEBREAK
Warriors of the Warglutts

32

WARRIORS OF THE WARGLUTTS

In the warlike Gutbuster society, all ogors learn to fight; they know how to crush a skull with a single swing of
a metal-studded greatclub and the best way to hack an enemy apart without spoiling the choicest cuts of meat.
When the warglutts march to battle, no one stays behind, not even the ogors’ Gnoblar minions.

OGOR GLUTTONS

Huge, belligerent and always hungry,
Ogor Gluttons form the bulk of a
warglutt’s fighting strength and are
feared across the realms for their
violent nature and savage appetite.
A stampede of these brutes is a truly
terrifying sight – a living avalanche
of iron and sweaty, unwashed flesh
that crushes ever ything in its path.
Even the bravest soldiers may break
in the face of such relentless force,
especially when they witness their
comrades being torn apart and
consumed before their eyes.

Each Ogor Glutton is a mountain of
muscle and fat, immensely strong
and formidably tough. They wield
broad clubs and maces, crude but
effective armaments that can cave
in a Stormcast’s helm with a single
blow. Should their weapon shatter,
Ogor Gluttons possess fine backups:
a set of yellowed teeth that can
chew through stone and metal and
meaty fists that can snap spines and
crush skulls.

The greatest warrior of each pack of
Ogor Gluttons is granted the title
of Crusher. This is a fitting epithet,
for these veteran ogors swing their
immense war clubs with start ling
ease, pulverising enemy soldiers
by the dozen. Some Ogor Gluttons
carr y banners capped with the skulls
and bones of particularly memorable
meals, and packs are commonly
accompanied by Gnoblars acting
as lookouts or – if food proves
particularly scarce – light snacks.
Bellowers, meanwhile, are the
loudest ogors in a pack, continuously
roaring out challenges, oaths and
crude songs in the midst of battle.
This cacophonous racket unsettles
any foes who hear it.

Though they are capable of reason,
and even a certain low cunning,
Ogor Gluttons are driven first and
foremost by self-interest. As long
as they are fed and Gorkamorka’s
ravenous appetite is appeased – if

only for the briefest moment – then
nothing else matters. Concepts
such as honour and loyalty are
utterly alien to these creatures, and
they are just as likely to ally with
a neighbouring kingdom to fend
off an invading army as they are to
gleefully join with the raiding force
and fill their bellies with flesh.

GNOBLARS

Scuttling ahead of an Ogor Mawtribe
comes a tide of diminutive, ugly
creatures. Dressed in tattered scraps
of clothing and wearing pans and
oversized helms on their bulbous
heads, they are armed with a diverse
and remarkably crude variety of
weapons: broken bottles, planks with
nails poking out and rusty daggers.
Whooping and hollering, they
bound towards the enemy en masse,
hacking and stabbing with wild
abandon as they overwhelm foes
with their sheer weight of numbers.

At first glance, a rampaging
horde of Gnoblars might not
strike terror into the hearts of
the enemy, but it does not do to
underestimate their malicious
cruelty – or their surprising
accuracy with hurled metal shards
and other improvised missiles.
Though the creatures’ armaments
might seem paltry things, any
Freeguild soldier unfortunate
enough to be on the receiving end
of a Gnoblar dagger wi l l attest to
their effectiveness.

Gnoblars are distant cousins of
the grot tribes of the Gloomspite.
Originally,
they hailed from the
junk mountains of Skrappa Spill
in the Realm of Metal. The rusty
debris fields of the Spill were a land
of plenty for the Gnoblars, until
they were driven out of their lairs
by tribes of rampaging orruks who
took great delight in pulling their
oversized ears off.

In order to escape this unjust
persecution, the Gnoblars formed a
kind of symbiotic – though entirely
lopsided – relationship with the
Ogor Mawtribes. In exchange for
a measure of protection from the
hulking ogors, and an unspoken
agreement that they wi l l not be eaten
except in the direst of circumstances,
the Gnoblars serve them faithfully.

Ogors are only too happy to accept
this deal. They find Gnoblar meat
rather gritty and unpleasant in
any case, and the creatures make
surprisingly useful minions. Not
only do they carr y out a variety of
menial and unpleasant tasks on
behalf of their chosen camp, such
as fetching bowls of food, feeding
Gorgers and cleaning out slop
buckets, they also make excellent
living shields.

No matter how many Gnoblars are
splattered by cannon fire, ground up
beneath the hooves of thundering
cavalr y or otherwise obliterated,
there always seems to be more of
them around. Their uncanny ability
to stitch together weapons and
war machines from whatever junk
happens to be lying about is also
greatly prized, and they are often
put to work repairing the ogors’
favourite tenderisers and cleavers.

IRONGUTS

The veteran brutes known as
Ironguts are the most fearsome
warriors fielded by the warglutts.
Clad in plates of heavy armour and


PAGEBREAK
33

wearing gut-plates crafted from the
shiniest metals, they thunder into
battle swinging oversized two-
handed weapons. Heads are pulped,
limbs are lopped off and spines are
crushed to powder. When every
last enemy has been thoroughly
dismembered, the Ironguts claim the
prime cuts of meat from the gory pile
of limbs and torsos – much to the
envy of watching Ogor Gluttons.

To become an Irongut, an ogor
must be hand-picked for the
honour by their Tyrant. It is a
rank bestowed only upon the most
grizzled and rotund members of
the tribe, those warriors who have
marched with the Tyrant
for many
decades, fighting, feasting and
getting roaring drunk at their side.
Upon being chosen, as a final test
of fortitude, they must consume
a particularly lethal concoction
cooked up by the warglutt’s
Butcher. The exact recipe differs

from tribe to tribe but typically
involves at least one ingredient
that even ogors find troublesome
to digest; crushed Aqshian fire-
cr ystals, Jabberslythe brains and
the bubbling venom of mighty
Skitterstrand Arachnaroks are
all considered an acquired taste.
Ironguts take great pride in their
intestinal prowess and often
challenge one another to grotesque
eating contests in order to prove
their dominance, sometimes in the
middle of battle.

Along with their favoured warriors,
it is common for a Tyrant’s offspring
to fight in the ranks of the Ironguts,
where they can be watched and
gorily disposed of if they display any
signs of rising ambition. However,
no matter how paranoid a Tyrant
becomes, they cannot keep an eye
on all potential challengers. Threats
to their rulership wi l l almost
always hail from the ranks of the

Ironguts, simply because they are the
toughest and most arrogant brutes
in the tribe. The Tyrant’s
closest
companions they might be, but there
is absolutely no room in ogor society
for sentiment or loyalty. Given the
opportunity, an ambitious Irongut
wi l l turn upon their chief in the
blink of an eye.

Ironguts are typically employed at
the decisive moments of a battle to
seek out and club to death fierce
pockets of enemy resistance. The
Tyrant’s Gutguard contains a
great number of these champions,
but other packs of Ironguts can be
found across the warglutt’s battle
line,
liberally splattered with the
blood and brains of their enemies.
Many hard-fought engagements
are decided by their devastating
charges, so much so that a common
refrain is heard whenever the
outcome of a battle is in the balance:
‘It’s down to the Ironguts’.


PAGEBREAK
War Engines

WAR ENGINES

34

Ogors are not by nature an ingenious people, preferring to loot whatever weapons and engines of war they require
from defeated foes. However, they are capable of making brutally effective use of purloined blackpowder weapons
and the deranged creations of their Gnoblar minions.

LEADBELCHERS

Ogors have a particular fondness
for blackpowder weaponry. They
delight in loud and explosive displays
of destruction, and their heavy
cannons suit those requirements
well. Rather than positioning these
guns safely behind their front line,
however, some ogors have adopted
the unusual tactic of carr ying them
into battle by hand.

Known as Leadbelchers, these units
of ogor gunners lumber towards
the enemy with lit tapers in their
mouths. The barrels of their crude
guns are stuffed with whatever is
within reach; rocks, debris and
handfuls of scavenged weapons all
prove to be effective ammunition
if there are no cannonballs to be
found. When a Leadbelcher gun

is fired, this hail of shrapnel blasts
outwards and shreds ever ything in a
wide arc to a bloody paste. At least,
that is the intended outcome. Never
the most cautious of creatures, ogors
practise a form of fire discipline
that would make a veteran Ironweld
cannonmaster blanch with horror.

Most Leadbelchers are covered
with powder burns and scars, the
result of point-blank detonations
and misfires. But such injuries are
considered a small price to pay for
the thunderous firepower at their
disposal. Should Leadbelchers
find themselves in close combat
– a common event, considering
that they are no less ravenous
than their fellow tribal warriors –
their iron-wrought guns serve as
devastating bludgeons.

SCRAPLAUNCHERS

Crude yet effective creations of the
Gnoblars, Scraplaunchers are huge
catapults that propel fistfuls of metal
shards, broken weapons and other
oddments high into the air. These
razor-sharp pieces of junk metal
then rain down upon the heads of
the ogors’
foes. Accuracy is not a
Scraplauncher’s
strong point, and
much of its payload wi l l simply
bounce off iron helmets or embed
itself into the earth. However,
the
deluge of sharp instruments is so
intense that at least a few wi l l sink
deep into the unfortunate targets’
flesh with horrific results.

Constructed in the typically
ramshackle Gnoblar fashion, a
Scraplauncher seems perpetually
on the verge of falling to bits as it


PAGEBREAK
35

There are many legends told
throughout the Gutbuster-led
Mawtribes regarding the origins
of the first Ironblaster cannons,
but all agree upon one thing: these
formidable weapons were first
created by the Sky-Titans, who
mounted them upon their gigantic
floating citadels in the skies above
the Scabrous Sprawl of Ghyran.
When the empire of these master
engineers was torn down – or
devoured by a hungry Gorkamorka,
as some ogor mythspeakers insist
– the cannons were recovered from
the shattered ruins by enterprising
ogors, along with a number of other
destructive weapons.

Over the long years, the use of these
oversized weapons has filtered out
to the nomadic warglutts across
the realms. Only the richest and
most powerful Mawtribes can
claim to possess one of the rare and
original cannons of the Sky-Titans,
of course. The rest make do with
similar devices either looted from
the walls of conquered cities of
the God-King or crafted by those
willing to do business with the
unpredictable ogors. There are also
tales of captured Ironweld engineers
being held hostage and forced to
create terribly destructive weapons
for their ogor masters – before being
summarily eaten.

rumbles into battle, hauled by an
ill-tempered rhinox mount. Its crew
of Scrappers swarm about, retying
loose ropes and hammering wobbly
nails back in even as they pour
fistfuls of sharp implements into the
catapult’s bucket.

Most of the Scraplauncher’s
ammunition consists of human-
sized weapons– items too big to be
wielded by the Gnoblars themselves
but too small for an ogor’s meaty
fist. However,
the Scrappers take
particular glee in adding a few
unusual
items into the mix: captured
prisoners, poisonous spikefish, angr y
jabbertoads and other amusing
objects. In the aftermath of battle,
the Gnoblar crew wi l l search the
field to see where these unusual
objects landed. They collapse in fits
of malicious laughter when they see
an enemy warrior with, for example,
a gargant’s
toenail embedded in
their skull.

Should the enemy close upon the
Scraplauncher,
they wi l l have to
contend with a furious rhinox.
The last thing most foes expect is
for a siege machine to up and start
charging at them, and they usually
have only a few moments to ponder
the strange sight before a snorting
beast of burden smashes into them
with boulder-shattering force. While
their rhinox bucks and stamps in
a mad rage, the Gnoblar Scrappers
atop the Scraplauncher wi l l stab
at hands and faces with their own
crude weapons.

IRONBLASTERS

Mounted upon scrap-built
chassis and hauled by immense
shaggy-furred rhinoxen, the
cannons of the Ironblasters are
mobile siege pieces capable of
blasting apart a castle wall in a single
volley. The sound of an Ironblaster
cannon firing is akin to a volcanic
eruption. A gout of flame bursts
from its huge barrel, and multiple
cannonballs are hurled into the
ranks of the enemy, splattering them
into a pinkish mist. Any shell-
shocked survivors are easily clubbed
down by the Ironblaster’s gunner
or trampled into mush by their
foul-tempered mount.


PAGEBREAK
Frostlords

FROSTLORDS

36

A Frostlord is a master of the wild steppes, sweeping wastes and broken mountain ranges. From atop their
lumbering mount, they command their warriors with a voice like thunder. When battle calls, they lead the charge,
always the first to fight and the first to devour the flesh of the prey.

Only the mightiest of ogors can hope
to become a Frostlord. Mounted
upon an Alfrostun’s most ferocious
Stonehorn or Thundertusk, they
charge ahead of the ki l ling blizzard
that marks the advance of the
Beastclaw Raiders. All are ancient
and powerful warriors; some are
even said to recall the time before the
coming of Chaos. During their long
and bloody rule, a Frostlord might
have fought alongside the armies of
Sigmar,
the legions of the living dead
and the champions of the Dark Gods
as often as against them. Armies
and nations alike wi l l have been
destroyed by their commands.

It is the Frostlord’s duty to drive
the Mawtribe forward and provide
their ogors with a constant supply
of food. Any and all who challenge
their position must be met with
swift, brutal violence. There can
be no room for mercy or pity in a
Frostlord’s heart; only an ogor whose
soul is touched by the cold of winter
can hope to hold on to the chieftain’s
mantle. Those who stand in their path
will be smashed apart with shocking
savagery and messily devoured.

In battle, the Everwinter itself lends
its terrible power to the Frostlord’s
spear arm. Bellowing praise to
Gorkamorka, they drive their frost
spear through the hearts of enemy

champions and warbeasts,
laughing
off any attempt to hack through their
blubberous hide.

uncommon to see the carcass of a
gargant or Cygor being dragged back
to the Mawtribe’s cooking fires.

In a culture as dominated by the
notion that ‘might makes right’ as
that of the Mawtribes,
leadership
challenges are common. Unlike
those that occur in the Gutbuster
warglutts,
leadership contests among
the Beastclaw Raiders are commonly
conducted upon Stonehorns or
Thundertusks. The loser is hurled
to the ground and either consumed
by the beast or trampled beyond
recognition; their war mount is then
served up to the rest of the tribe by
the victor. Tyrants do not typically
challenge for the rank of Frostlord
or vice versa, since neither quite
understands the other’s way of war
and both struggle to comprehend
any culture but their own.

If a Frostlord falls in battle, those
who would replace them gather
for what is known as the Rite of
Hoctgar. Aspirants set out alone into
the wild, returning only when they
have slain a mighty beast. They wi l l
then offer up this flesh to the rest of
their tribe – to accept food from a
contender’s hand is to acknowledge
them as master. The ogor with the
most followers wi l l be crowned
Frostlord. The greatest leaders
earn the greatest ki l ls, and it is not

One of the most potent assets of a
Frostlord is their booming voice.
Riding at the forefront of a Beastclaw
assault, the Frostlord’s call echoes
over the roaring gales and spurs their
warriors onwards. So commanding
is their presence that even the beasts
of an Alfrostun redouble their efforts
at their behest, the ground churning
under their tread as the charge
slams home. The greatest Frostlords
are rumoured to have voices that
resound across continents, drawing
ogors to their side to form an
avalanche of destruction. When the
winds howl their fur y through the
mountains, the primitive peoples
of the realms cower,
for they say
that sound is the deafening roar of
a Frostlord.

‘The Svard ride! We are the thunder

of

the avalanche, my Jorlbad! We

shall grind our enemies up beneath

the hooves of our Stonehorns. And if

anyone takes a bite out of that big one

on the flying lizard before me,

their guts

will be hanging off the end of my spear.’

- Tulok No-nose, Frostlord

of

the Jarvak Alfrostun

FROST SPEARS

More than just a simple weapon, the
frost spear is the symbol of a Frostlord’s
authority. Cooled in the freezing blood of
Thundertusks and blessed by the icy breath
of Gorkamorka, they are an order of magnitude
greater than even the huge cleavers and clubs
fashioned by other Beastclaw Raiders.

When an ogor rises to claim rulership over an Alfrostun, they wi l l either
forge their own frost spear with the mystical aid of their Huskard Torr or claim the
weapon of their defeated rival from their dead, frostbitten fingers. When wielded in battle, a frost spear can
punch through armour with ease and drive a ki l ling cold deep into the body of the victim, the weapon’s cruelly
serrated head glistening with the power of the Everwinter.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Jorlbads and Eurlbads

JORLBADS AND EURLBADS

38

The Jorlbad and Eurlbad are the two main fighting arms of the Alfrostun, a fearsome force of destruction for any
Mawtribe. Their ranks consist of hard-hitting stampedes of heavy cavalr y – the toughest ogor warriors mounted
upon the most fearsome beasts of the frozen wilds.

HUSKARD ON
STONEHORN

Standing just below the Frostlord
in the savage hierarchy of the
Beastclaw Raiders, Huskards are
powerful ogor warriors and hunters.
They have to be, for their position
is earned through their ability to
impose their wi l l on the other ogors
of a Mawtribe. Mounted upon the
mightiest beasts of the savage wilds,
Huskards serve as experienced
advisors to Tyrants and Frostlords as
well as their strong fists in battle.

Command of a mounted ogor
raiding party is divided between two
Huskards. Of the two, the Huskard
Jorl has the more prestigious role.
Meaning the ‘Fighting Hand’
in
the tribal dialect of the Beastclaw,
the Jorlbad is typically first into
the fight and is thus rewarded
with first choice of the meat in
its aftermath. The Huskard Jorl is
often the mightiest warrior of a
tribe after its overlord. The Huskard
Eurl, meanwhile, has a task just as
vital, if somewhat less respected.
The Eurlbad, or the ‘Eating Hand’,
charges forth in the wake of an
Alfrostun vanguard to quite literally
stamp out any remaining pockets
of resistance. The Huskards fiercely
compete for command of the more
prestigious Jorlbad; their ruler
wi l l often encourage this rivalry,
for ogors shun assassination and
treachery as the tools of cowardly
‘little ’uns’ and the Huskards’
attempts to prove their superiority
over one another wi l l either openly
weed out the weak or result in more
foes crushed underfoot.

Whether leading a Jorlbad or
Eurlbad, the Huskards ride upon a
towering Stonehorn. Chosen from
amongst the eldest and hoariest
of the tribe’s bonded rock-beasts
after the Frostlord’s own mount,
the formidable strength and
single-minded temperament of
the Stonehorns complement the
Huskards perfectly in their role

as line-breakers. Amidst packs of
slavering Mournfangs and their
brutish riders, the Huskard ploughs
through even the most heavily
armoured enemies, the leonine
beasts in their wake hurtling forth
with increased ferocity. Many
Huskards attach metal plates or
coverings to their mount’s
fangs
and hide. In truth, this does little
to improve the already legendary
resilience of the Stonehorns; rather,
these trophies display the prowess
and might of the Huskard rider,
garnering respect that wi l l be crucial
if they are to one day rise to the rank
of Frostlord.

STONEHORN
BEASTRIDERS

There is very little that ogors wi l l not
eagerly hunt and eat, but even they
wi l l pause when confronted with a
Stonehorn. Consuming one of the
colossal brutes is akin to digesting
a mountain of the hardest granite.
Normally,
this would merely be
considered an intriguing challenge
for a hungry ogor ; however,
Stonehorns are no simple prey,
and to get on one’s bad side is to be
swiftly stomped flat under the beast’s
titanic weight.

A Stonehorn’s
skeleton is made
from gemstone and solid rock,
by-products of their curious diet of
metals, minerals and heavy stone.
These precious resources shine out
from their tusks and horns, which
would attract treasure hunters
and poachers from miles around
were it not for the beasts’ fearsome
reputation. Noticeably larger than
even the burliest of ogors, each step
a Stonehorn takes sets the earth

shaking, and that is to say nothing
of the effects of their charge. Having
built up enough speed, a Stonehorn
can smash through the gates of a
fortress without slowing its pace –
what happens to lesser beings caught
in its warpath is best not considered.

Yet,
like the Beastclaw Raiders
themselves, Stonehorns are
possessed of their own curse that
forces them ever onward. Though
almost invulnerable to all but the
most concerted attacks, they must
always keep moving, for sedentary
Stonehorns begin to lock up, their
joints fusing into unyielding rocks.
Those that halt too long become
living statues, trapped in the prison
of their stone skeletons.

As they trample along the
Mawpath, the Beastclaw Raiders
value the Stonehorn as a premier
beast of burden and war mount
alike. The creatures are capable of
carr ying armour and provisions
for countless miles without issue
and can even bear the weight of
two adult ogor beastriders in battle.
The job of these ogors – known as
Thegns in the nomadic tongue of
the Beastclaw – is more to direct the
Stonehorn than to fight as mounted
warriors. They often carr y a sharp
chaintrap or hungry blood vulture
with which to menace foes from afar,
but most Thegns are content simply
to revel in the satisfaction of riding
upon the Stonehorn, watching as
it mangles even the mightiest foes
with its bone-shattering charge or
gores them upon its gargantuan
sedimentary horns.

MOURNFANG PACK

Mournfang Packs race in the
vanguard of the Beastclaw Raiders.
Tons of slab-muscled brute
combined with bellicose beast,
anything that finds itself in the
path of this heaviest of cavalr y is
soon trampled and reduced to an
unrecognisable smear.


PAGEBREAK
39

BRAGGOTH’S BEAST HAMMER

During the decades-long Realmgate Wars, mighty forces battled to
control the mysterious arcane portals that allowed mortals to travel the
vast distances between the realms in an instant. Frost King Braggoth
Vardruk of the Boulderhead Mawtribe led an Alfrostun against the
Manticore Dreadhold, then in the hands of the Chaos Lord Urthrex. The
fort had been contested for centuries, with the Ironjawz orruks hurling
army after army against its walls without success.

To see the Dreadhold finally broken, Megaboss Grakgob and Braggoth
Vardruk joined their forces as one mighty wedge of iron and flesh that
would smash its way into the fortress. The Beast Hammer was born
that day,
its ranks filled with Mournfang Packs and mobs of orruk
Gore-gruntas. Fierce rivalr y drove the alliance onward, and Braggoth
himself led the Stonehorn charge that breached the fortress’s
thick wall.
The orruk and ogor riders bulldozed their way through the opening
and into the Manticore Dreadhold,
laying waste to its defenders. So
successful was this combined force that many Frostlords and Tyrants
have attempted to imitate its methods in the years since.

Mournfangs roam the barren wastes
in fearsome hunting groups. The
beasts’ natural belligerence stems
from their famously poor eyesight.
As its tusks lengthen, a Mournfang’s
vision worsens, until much of the
world is obscured by the bony
protrusions. Not only does this
infuriate the creatures,
it also means
that Mournfang Packs are almost
unstoppable battering rams when on
the charge.

Mournfang riders see themselves
as a warrior elite. Riding alongside
Frostlords and Huskards,
they mock
the ground-bound Ironguts trudging
along behind. This boastfulness
is understandable, considering
how dangerous it is to claim such
a position. Most ogors who tr y to
tame a Mournfang are fatally gored
by the beast’s immense horns and
subsequently devoured; however,
those who are successful often
form surprisingly close bonds with
their beasts. Mournfangs are hardy
creatures capable of sur viving weeks
without food, and only the most
grievous wounds wi l l put a stop
to their rampages. Ogors respect
the Mournfangs greatly for these
qualities, and may even feel a brief
twinge of regret if forced to eat them.

Most Mournfang mounts originate
from the whelping pits. Having sent
out Icebrow Hunters to capture
young pups, the ogors dig a deep
fighting pit lined with stakes. Into
this hole wi l l be thrown the pups,
pleading captives, bloody meat
and the occasional screaming
Gnoblar. The Mournfang young are
then left to fend for themselves as
the tribe migrates onwards along
the Mawpath, with many ogors
placing wagers upon which of the
runts wi l l prosper. When the tribe
returns, they wi l l find a few hulking
Mournfangs that have grown strong
from consuming their rivals. These
creatures wi l l remember the ogors,
and it is this familiarity that makes
them slightly more amenable to
accepting riders. Of course, often the
Mournfangs wi l l simply turn upon
their tormentors. Ogors consider this
entirely fair ; after all, those devoured
by the frenzied creatures would
have had no business riding one
into battle.


PAGEBREAK
Torrbads

TORRBADS

40

A shaman of the snow-covered wilds, the Huskard Torr of the Torrbad is capable of wielding the terrible
destructive powers of the Everwinter against their foes. Such is their connection to the primal savagery of nature
that they can summon packs of shaggy-furred, flesh-eating monsters to their side.

HUSKARD ON
THUNDERTUSK

Even a Frostlord takes great care
when addressing their Huskard
Torr. Grim and taciturn, these
shamans are attuned like no
other to the brutal essence of the
Everwinter. They summon its ki l ling
winds and icy hailstorms at will,
unleashing upon their enemies the
very doom that snaps at the heels
of the Beastclaw Raiders. As well as
possessing formidable shamanistic
powers, Huskard Torrs are mighty
warriors. Riding to war upon
Thundertusks, true beasts of the
frozen winter,
they hurl harpoons
and lethal shards of ice at their foes,
battering down any who stray too
close with their meaty fists.

The Huskard Torr leads the Torrbad,
the Thundertusk riders of the clan.
A mysterious and enigmatic figure,
they can read the winds and see the
wi l l of Gorkamorka in the frost.
To the other members of the tribe,
they are a creature not entirely of
this world, their soul having been
frozen by their connection to the
Everwinter. They go by numerous
names, including the Voice of
Thunder, Frostborn and the Blizzard
Speaker. They seldom make an
utterance, but when they do, they
speak with the voice of winter. Their
freezing words, filled with harsh
and undeniable truth, are like the
keening gales of the Everwinter, each
one cutting and cold.

A Huskard Torr is chosen by the
Everwinter. When their predecessor
dies, the storms and Thundertusks
accept them as their voice with
howling winds and baying roars.
The Frostlord officially bestows the
title, but it is rare that they wi l l go
against the omens the Everwinter
sends. Once named, only death may
release the ogor from their duty. In
rare instances, a Huskard Torr might
become the leader of an Alfrostun,
turning their clan into a Svarthegn,
or Icewind Raid.

THUNDERTUSK
BEASTRIDERS

The Huskard Torr’s most trusted
companions are the Thundertusk
Beastriders. Each of these warriors
embarks upon a deadly journey
to the very edge of the Everwinter
and there bonds with one of the
mysterious, destructive monsters
called Thundertusks.

These magical beasts are focal points
for unnatural cold, and,
like a raging
snowstorm, they send out constant
waves of frost and ice. In battle, their
riders direct the deadly chill of the
Thundertusks to do as much harm
to the enemy as possible. With their
frozen breath, the beasts can render
thick castle gates brittle enough to
be smashed or freeze rivers solid
so the tribe can more easily cross.
This power increases exponentially
as more Thundertusks gather
together,
their aura growing ever
more intense.

While the Thundertusks wreak
carnage with their chilling breath,
their riders wield harpoon launchers
and chaintraps. They use these
missile weapons to impale and
ensnare terrified prey or shatter
frozen foes into icy chunks, which
can be gathered and consumed later.

ICEFALL YHETEES

From out of howling ice storms
emerge fearsome, simian shapes.
Frost sparkling on pale fur, blue eyes
burning bright in the cold mist, they

stalk through the tundra in utter
silence, implacable as an oncoming
blizzard. They are the Icefall Yhetees,
and they are true children of
the Everwinter.

The origins of the Yhetees remain
shrouded in mystery. Perhaps they
were once ogors, abandoned or
exiled and remade by the soul-deep
chill of the Everwinter. Some Azyrite
scholars believe that Yhetees are
born from the winter gales – where
the primal magic of each realm
meets the fiercest storms, glaciers
split and Yhetees pour forth from
the frozen depths. The Weirdnob
Shamans of the Icecrackas Warclan
adamantly maintain that Yhetees
are Gorkamorka’s divine offspring.
The Yhetees themselves speak not of
their history. Their tongue is eldritch
and strange, and only the Huskard
Torr can converse with them.

For all their silence, Icefall Yhetees
are deadly foes. Following the
chilling cold exuded by a Mawtribe’s
Thundertusks, the creatures lope
through the snow at the speed of a
howling blizzard. Ogors recognise
some kinship with the creatures and
leave them be, though some grumble
at their tendency to deep-freeze food.
When the Yhetees strike, it is akin
to an avalanche; they are capable of
crossing substantial distances with
strong leaps, and many have found
Yhetees that were one moment a
snow-shrouded mirage suddenly
descending upon them.

The Yhetees’ weapons are covered in
a thick patina of magical hoarfrost,
and the temperature of the air
around them plunges such that
it freezes the blood. Even in the
parched lands of Aqshy, warriors
find their breath steaming before
them in the presence of the Yhetees,
their blows sluggish as they are
wracked by shivers. This brief delay
gives the Yhetees ample time to
pulverise their unfortunate victim
with sparkling rime-encrusted clubs.


PAGEBREAK
Skals

SKALS

Ranging far ahead of their Frostlord’s main host, the Icebrow Hunters of the Skal seek out foes to destroy and
flesh to consume. Hard-bitten and relentless trackers, these ogors have learnt to tame packs of great hunting cats,
who run down the Hunters’ prey and tear it to shreds.

41

Sabre that attempted to prey upon
them. The Hunter is rewarded with
powerful hunting beasts that are
utterly loyal to them. Each Frost
Sabre wi l l charge the most fearsome
of foes without hesitation, willing
to die for their ogor master. A
curious quirk of the Frost Sabres
that has made them so valuable to
the Hunters is that their bodies do
not exude heat, nor does their breath
steam even in the bitterest cold,
making them largely invisible to
many types of prey. Their freezing
blood is the source of this ability,
and the creatures are often carefully
bled by the Hunters to work the
magical vitae into powerful
winter-touched potions.

ICEBROW HUNTERS

Icebrow Hunters are a Mawtribe’s
eyes and ears. Formidable trackers
and prey-stalkers, each is perfectly at
home in the warped and frostbitten
wilds of the Mortal Realms. To
them falls one of the most vital tasks
amongst ogorkind, for it is they who
range ahead of the devouring locust-
swarm of the Mawtribe and locate
new sources of food for the ogors to
descend upon.

Icebrow Hunters are loners by
nature, more content in the company
of beasts and the elements than their
fellow ogors. Whether through god-
given gift or simple natural
intuition,
each possesses a keen sense of
direction and innate sur vival skills.
Such things are necessary,
for those
who cannot master the wilderness
are sure to be broken by it. Though
brutish, gruff and possessed of
little regard for personal hygiene,
the skill of the Icebrow Hunters is
so renowned that they have even
occasionally found employment with
the other races of the realms. Few
are more capable than an Icebrow
Hunter when it comes to locating
legendary monsters or hidden
ruins, and it is said that the most
experienced Hunters are even able
to track down lost and twisted paths
between realms.

Icebrow Hunters report directly to
their Frostlord, but they are one of
the few ogors that a wise tribal leader
wi l l not tr y to bully into submission;
after all, it is through the skill of
the Icebrow Hunters that the ogors
find their next meal. Typically left
to their own devices, Hunters may
occasionally be enticed into fighting
alongside an Alfrostun. Though they
carr y trusty clubs to batter prey into
submission, Icebrow Hunters are
unusual amongst ogors in favouring
ranged weapons. This has a basis in
practicality, as even the mightiest
Hunter wi l l struggle to bring down
a raging Stonehorn or Maw-krusha
up close. The most common weapon

used by the Icebrow Hunters is their
great throwing spear – when given
enough of a run-up and hurled
with enough force, these sharpened
staves can fell flagging monsters
with a single blow. Some also carr y
heavy-duty crossbows in order to
bury their prey under a storm of
monstrous projectiles. The strangest
quality of the Icebrow Hunters,
however,
is their ability to produce
icy breath. They have learnt how to
brew potent concoctions from the
freezing blood of their Frost Sabres,
which, when downed swiftly, allow
them to exhale a magical blizzard
that freezes those it touches where
they stand.

FROST SABRES

Frost Sabres are hefty feline
predators that often congregate
in marauding packs. Their most
defining features are the sword-sized
fangs that curve upwards from
their lower jaws. Swift and hardy,
they are capable of running down
even the pure-blooded steeds
of the aelves without tiring.
When they pounce, their fangs
punch effortlessly through
the toughest armour plates,
gorily tearing apart the flesh
and bone within.

Unlike other creatures
employed by the
Beastclaw Raiders as
war mounts, Frost
Sabres are neither
captured and broken
by the ogors nor forced
to prove themselves in
brutal whelping pits.
Instead, an Icebrow
Hunter wi l l raise their
chosen Frost Sabres
from cubs, perhaps
having chanced
across a den where
the mother Sabre
had already been
slain or adopting
the offspring of a


PAGEBREAK
Camp Followers

CAMP FOLLOWERS

42

An Ogor Mawtribe is followed on its nomadic route by many roving shamans, mercenaries and flesh-obsessed
monsters. These itinerant souls do not technically owe allegiance to the tribe, but nonetheless they w i l l fight and
slay on its behalf in exchange for the promise of a good meal.

FIREBELLIES

Firebellies are strange, tattooed
ogors that worship Gorkamorka
as the Sun-eater. Belonging to no
tribe but their own strange cult,
they wander the realms gobbling up
combustible ingredients that allow
them to belch great gouts of flame
across their enemies. In this way,
they give honour to the Sun-eater

– and also ensure that they have a
steady source of delicious roasted
flesh on which to feast.

The origins of the Firebelly cult are
passed down from ogor to ogor by
word of mouth. It is said that during
the Age of Myth, Gorkamorka
reached up and grabbed the Red Sun
that loomed over Ghur, cramming

the glowing orb into his mouth and
chewing it up. As he gulped down
the impossibly hot celestial object,
he felt its flames course through
him and unleashed a great belch of
spewed molten fire across the land.
The Firebellies insist that this event
birthed Aqshy,
the Realm of Fire.
Most ogors do not care to argue
the point, not wanting to risk being
turned into a smoking pile of ashes.

In order to join the cult, an ogor
must seek out a Firebelly shaman
and be subjected to a number
of lethal rituals. First, their hair
is scorched away through the
application of acidic unguents mixed
from the crushed-up innards of
ashcrawler spiders. Sacred tattoos
are then scrawled across their skin
in chorsquid ink. Finally,
they
must seek out, slay and devour a
Magmadroth – an act that often
brings the would-be Firebelly
into conflict with the Fyreslayers,
mercenary duardin who prize these
towering reptiles as mounts.

Firebellies wander the land at will,
seeking out volcanoes, magma
spouts,
lava lakes and other volatile
natural wonders that they view
as manifestations of their deity’s
combustible hunger. They dance
and pray before these phenomena,
consuming flammable ingredients
of all kinds in order to stoke raging
fires within their giant oiled bellies.
They then hunt down their prey,
spitting streams of liquid flame that
scorch flesh and melt metal armour
to bubbling liquid. Such is their
command of fire that they can even
wrap it around their greasy bulk like
a shield. Those rare enemies that
prove resistant to a Firebelly’s blasts
of flame are bludgeoned into mush
by their great basalt hammers.

Though other ogors look upon the
shamans of the Sun-eater with a
mixture of bemusement and awe,
they are always welcomed into any
warglutt or Alfrostun they happen


PAGEBREAK
43

to bump into. This is mostly because
the Firebellies have mastered the
art of adding spice to their meat,
seasoning hunks of spit-roasted flesh
with salamander scales, minced-
up Magmadroth glands and other
delicious flavours. For ogors used
to the hearty stews cooked up by
Butchers, these mouth-scalding
blends are a rare delicacy – although
on occasion they can cause some
unfortunate gastric detonations.
For their part, Firebellies relish the
opportunity to spread the word of
their god and to gather up plenty of
fresh and flammable ingredients.

MANEATERS

The mercenary life is one to which
ogors are very well suited; they are
at their happiest when there are
enemies to batter, plunder to take
and a surplus of carcasses for the
cooking pot. Therefore,
it is not
surprising that ogors can be found
fighting as sellswords for all manner
of generals, from ambitious Chaos
warlords to vampiric tyrants and
Freeguild Lord-Generals.

Such ogor mercenaries call
themselves Maneaters. This name
was first coined during the excesses
of the Age of Chaos, when the
ancient pact between Gorkamorka
and Sigmar was broken and the
ogors once again found themselves
able to feast upon humans without
drawing the ire of the absent God-
King. It sounded appropriately
intimidating, and so it stuck.
Even those Maneaters who find
themselves allied with the armies of
the free cities maintain their use of
the term, often to the unease of the
Freeguild soldiers they fight beside.

It is often younger, brasher ogors
that take up the restless life of a
Maneater. The chance to travel to
new and interesting lands and eat
whoever lives there is a hard one to
pass up. During their adventurous
careers, these sellswords wi l l sample
exotic foods, earn vast amounts of
plunder and arm themselves with
all kinds of esoteric weapons. Ogors
can be found wielding Aqshian
sunblades, Sayronite falces and even
spiky throwing stars as well as more
makeshift weapons such as anchors

and gigantic rolling pins. Many also
wield a brace of pistols, because
anything that makes a loud bang is
considered fittingly impressive for a
dashing mercenary.

Maneater bands such as the
Swollentoes, Growt’s Blaggards
and Ashur’s Gutstuffers find that
their reputation precedes them.
Each of these roving bands has
established a particular speciality :
some enjoy a good punch-up and
delight in bashing their foes’ faces
in up close, while others claim to be
crack shots – by ogor standards, at
least. When they encounter other
ogors on the Mawpath, these folk
heroes are made very welcome.
They are prized assets not only
because of their undoubted skill
in battle but also because all ogors
enjoy a good story – particularly
if it ends in dismemberment and
disembowelment, which Maneater
tales generally do.

‘Gather

round, me buckoes, and

listen to this one.

It’s about

the time

we fought

for His Infinite Majesty

of Threng, until we cleared out his

larders and he ran out of grub to

feed us with. Turns out he weren’t

so

infinite after all.

I mopped up what

was left of

’ im with a nice cob of

saltbread.’

- Growt

the Gruesome,

Captain of

the Blaggards

GORGERS

For an ogor, there can be no more
terrible fate imaginable than to be
unable to enjoy a good meal. They
would rather die than be subjected to
the dreaded Empty Belly curse. It is

said that this affliction affects those
who have in some manner displeased
the Gulping God, rendering them
unable to gain even a moment’s
satisfaction from consuming food.
It is said that Gorgers – as those who
suffer from the curse are known
– taste nothing but ash even when
devouring the most delicious scraps
of flesh, and that no sooner has a
mouthful of bloody meat slipped
down their gullet that it dissolves
to nothing.

Driven entirely feral and mad by
their insatiable hunger, Gorgers
are kept away from a warglutt’s
camp, confined to cages,
lightless
underground lairs and filth-strewn
warrens. Here they moan, whimper
and snarl in the darkness, gobbling
up scraps of flesh and bone hurled to
them by the tribe’s Butcher,
the only
being that can converse with the
savage creatures.

As befitting their status as outcasts
amongst ogorkind, Gorgers lack
the hearty paunch prized by their
kin. They are sinewy,
long-limbed
horrors with blade-like raking
claws and mouths that hang open
and dribble unspeakable fluids.
In their desperate but doomed
quest to fill their bellies, Gorgers
can detach their jaws like snakes,
stretching their maw impossibly
wide to swallow prey many times
their size. No matter how much they
consume, however,
they are destined
never to satiate their hunger. This
hideous existence robs Gorgers of
any semblance of reason beyond the
desperate craving for meat.

Though Gorgers are despised and
looked down upon by all right-
thinking ogors, that does not mean
their usefulness is entirely discarded.
They are often used by the Mawtribes
as shock troops,
lured towards the
enemy with spilled buckets of blood
and juicy scraps of rotten meat.
Emerging from their cavernous lairs
beneath the earth, these degenerate
beasts follow the trail of gore, sniffing
and tasting the air. When they
scent the aroma of fresh meat, they
lope madly into battle, their jaws
distending horribly to reveal row upon
row of blackened fangs as they rip and
tear their victims limb from limb.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Bellowing their praises to the Gulping God, the Ogor Mawtribes thunder across the Mortal
Realms, gobbling up anyone foolish enough to stand against them.


PAGEBREAK
46

GLUTTONOUS HORDES

GLUTTONOUS HORDES

The sight of an Ogor Mawtribe on the rampage is enough to bring even seasoned warriors to their knees.
Bellowing warriors brandish blood-smeared weapons and crude banners, their prodigious rolls of fat wobbling as
they barrel into the fray, while immense iron cannons spit explosive shells into the enemy ranks.

Having laid their piggish eyes upon a Chaos warband, ogors of the Meatfist Mawtribe bound down from the
mountainside, eager to stuff their mouths full of tasty flesh.


PAGEBREAK
47

Meatfist Tyrant

Meatfist Butcher

Meatfist Slaughtermaster


PAGEBREAK
48

Bloodgullet Ogor Glutton

Meatfist Ogor Glutton

Ogor Glutton with tribal banner

Ogor Gluttons form the bulk of a warglutt’s
forces. They enjoy nothing more than hacking and clubbing their prey into a
bloody mess, before scooping up and devouring handfuls of nicely tenderised meat.


PAGEBREAK
49

A Bloodgullet Butcher mixes up a gory broth in his tribe’s Great Mawpot, blending together the drained juices of foes
while a band of Ogor Gluttons looks on, drool spilling down their bloody jowls.

Ironguts


PAGEBREAK
50

Maneaters


PAGEBREAK
51

Leadbelchers of the Underguts Mawtribe blast their way up from the deep earth and find themselves in a skaven lair.
The rat-things might not make for the tastiest meal, but at least there are plenty of them to go around.

Swaggering their way into battle with typical braggadocio, a mercenary band of Maneaters
nearest
foes, eager to sample some intriguing new flavours.

launch themselves at the


PAGEBREAK
52

Meatfist Ironblaster

Ever since the Shyish necroquake,
the realms have borne witness to many a brutal battle between the Ogor Mawtribes
and the soul-constructs of the Ossiarch Bonereapers – the former resent the latter’s
stockpiling of edible bones.


PAGEBREAK
53

Leadbelchers


PAGEBREAK
54

Firebelly

Gorger

A Firebelly shaman leads his Meatfist kin into battle against a band of Fyreslayers, hoping to get hold of a few
Magmadroth eggs for his strange gastromantic rituals.


PAGEBREAK
55

Gnoblar Scraplauncher

It is easy for the enemy to underestimate small and spindly Gnoblars – at least until one of the greenskins’ ramshackle
Scraplaunchers flings a bucketful of razor-sharp metal
into their faces.


PAGEBREAK
56

Winterbite Thunder tusk Beastriders


PAGEBREAK
57

Winterbite Frostlord on Stonehorn


PAGEBREAK
58

Winterbite Horn Blower with culling club

Winterbite Skalg with prey hacker and ironlock pistol

The Thunderbellies Mawtribe has long battled clans of Dragon Ogors for control of the Sky Roads of
Chamon,
its Mournfang Packs clashing with the hulking beasts in brutal, thunderous encounters.


PAGEBREAK
59

Winterbite Mournfang rider with gargant hacker

Winterbite Banner Bearer with culling club


PAGEBREAK
60

Frost Sabre

Icebrow Hunter

Frost Sabre

A Huskard rides his Stonehorn mount into battle, puncturing squigs with his harpoon launcher, while nearby an Icebrow
Hunter drives a ravenous pack of Frost Sabres towards the spherical monsters.


PAGEBREAK
61

As belligerent and unrelenting as the ill-tempered beasts they ride to battle, Boulderhead Frostlords and their warriors
enjoy nothing more than crushing their foes to death with an unstoppable cavalry charge.


PAGEBREAK
HUNGRY FOR BATTLE

HUNGRY FOR BATTLE

62

When assembling an Ogor Mawtribes force, you have a great deal of options to choose from. Do you wish to field
the heavy infantr y and deadly war machines of a Gutbuster warglutt or the devastating cavalr y of the Beastclaw
Raiders? Of course, you could always choose to pick a selection of heavy-hitting units from both forces.

When deciding which units you
want to take in your Ogor Mawtribes
army,
there are a few different
things that can help you choose.
Firstly, are there any models you
especially like the look of ? This
range has a particularly varied
aesthetic, from the icy war mounts
of the Beastclaw Raiders to the rusty,
crude-but-effective war engines of
the Gutbusters. Alternatively, you
might wish to take a look at each
unit’s warscroll and pick a range of
models that fits your favoured play
style – an ogor gun line packed with
Leadbelchers and one or two mighty

Ironblasters can be a truly terrifying
force! Whatever you choose, there’s
no right or wrong way to begin
your collection. Presented below is
a sample army that might help you
get started.

Any Ogor Mawtribes army needs
a mighty warlord at its heart,
bellowing out orders as he batters the
enemy into a slimy paste. It’s very
rare – though not impossible – for an
ogor army to include more than one
such figure. Since this is a Meatfist
army, a Mawtribe dominated by
the Gutbusters, we decided that

we should choose a Tyrant as our
general. Big, burly and armed with
an array of brutal weaponry, he
is truly fearsome in close combat.
As an added bonus, he can ensure
our other units wi l l not flee by
using a combination of threats and
physical violence.

The core of our army is formed of
two units of Ogor Gluttons. These
battleline units are both deadly in
melee and hard to kill, so they wi l l
be the first units we hurl into battle.
They are accompanied by a unit of
elite Ironguts, who are even more

6

14

10

5

12

13

1


PAGEBREAK
63

fierce. Since these shock troops wield
heavy, armour-piercing two-handed
weapons, they are great for taking
on your opponent’s
tougher units.
A Butcher provides healing and a
variety of other bonuses to nearby
ogors, and he is fairly terrifying in
combat with his deadly cleaver. Keep
him close to your main battleline
units so he can shore them up and
increase the damage they dish out.
We have also added a Firebelly for
some added magical punch, a roving
mystic who can wreathe his foes in
flame, roasting them up nicely for
the cooking pot.

Behind this wall of sweaty flesh, we
wi l l place our Leadbelchers and a
massive Ironblaster cannon. The
former add some ranged capability
to our army – and are no slouches
themselves when the battle gets up

close and personal. The latter is a
truly formidable weapon, capable
of blasting huge gaps in your
enemy’s ranks.

To represent a band of the Meatfist
Mawtribe’s
frost-rimed allies, we
have added several Beastclaw Raiders
units. They are led by a Huskard on
Stonehorn, an intimidating mass
of flesh and fur that can smash
through almost any foe. He leads a
massed cavalr y contingent, which
includes a Mournfang Pack and a
unit of Thundertusk Beastriders. Use
this devastating hammer to punch
an opening in your opponent’s
defences. An Icebrow Hunter leads
a pack of Icefall Yhetees and some
fleet-footed Frost Sabres; these
fast-moving units are perfect for
running down exposed enemies or
securing objectives.

1. Tyrant
2. Butcher
3. Huskard on Stonehorn
4. Icebrow Hunter
5. Firebelly
6. Icefall Yhetees
7. Thundertusk Beastriders
8. Mournfang Pack
9. Frost Sabres
10. Ogor Gluttons
11. Ogor Gluttons
12. Ironguts
13. Leadbelchers
14. Ironblaster

7

3

8

9

2

4

11


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR OGOR MAWTRIBE

64

PAINTING YOUR
OGOR MAWTRIBE

Whether you are a veteran brush-wielder with decades of experience or you have never painted a Citadel
Miniature in your life, painting an Ogor Mawtribes army offers a unique and exciting challenge. The pages that
follow contain some tips and examples to get you started with painting your own fleshy horde of guzzlers.

There is nothing quite like a fully
painted army of Citadel Miniatures,
and a rampaging throng of ogors
is a particularly menacing and
formidable sight. It also offers
plenty of variation, whether you
are painting rusty Gutbuster war
machines or frost-covered Beastclaw
Raiders. There is real satisfaction
to be had in adding colour to your
collection, teasing out the finely
sculpted details, making your
miniatures your own and creating a
unified force.

Before painting your models, you’ ll
first need to assemble them. To
begin with, we suggest you follow
the advice given in the construction
booklet provided with your models.

There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection of
miniatures. Some people revel in
treating each miniature as a work
of art,
lavishing attention on every
millimetre of every model and
painstaking ly crafting scenic bases.
Others prefer a far simpler approach
with basic but consistent paint jobs
that allow them to quickly complete
legions of warriors. And, of course,
there is plenty of middle ground for
those that enjoy painting their troops
but want to devote special attention
to key figures such as their Tyrants
and Ironblasters. Again, there is no
one way to paint,
just the way that
works best for you. In the end, the
goal is to field a fully painted Ogor
Mawtribes army on the tabletop.

On the following pages, you wi l l find
stage-by-stage guides, variant colour
schemes and top tips to inspire you
as you paint your gluttonous host.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

SKIN

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Cadian Fleshtone.

Apply an all-over shade of
Reikland Fleshshade.

Layer with Kislev Flesh,
avoiding the recesses.

Highlight with Flayed
One Flesh.

OTHER SKIN SHADES

Base with Catachan Fleshtone, shade
with Agrax Earthshade,
layer with
Bloodreaver Flesh, highlight with
Knight-Questor Flesh.

Base with Stormvermin Fur, shade
with Nuln Oil, layer with Baneblade
Brown, highlight with Karak Stone.

Underguts: Ionrach Skin base, 2:1
mix of Lahmian Medium/Drakenhof
Nightshade, Deepkin Flesh layer,
Pallid Wych Flesh highlights.


PAGEBREAK
BLADES

1

2

3

4

65

Apply a basecoat
of Leadbelcher.

Shade heavily with
Agrax Earthshade.

Use a Dry brush to stipple
Ryza Rust onto the blade.

OTHER WEAPON TECHNIQUES

Use Stormhost Silver
to highlight the edge
of the blade and add
some scratches.

Base with Iron Warriors,
shade with Nuln Oil, add
Ironbreaker highlights and
Stormhost Silver chips.

Base with Mechanicus
Standard Grey, drybrush
Dawnstone then
Administratum Grey.

Use thinned down
Mournfang Brown to
create a dark, dir ty rust.

Base with Balthasar
Gold, shade with Agrax
Earthshade, highlight with
Brass Scorpion.

ARMOUR AND GUT-PLATES

Base with Warplock
Bronze, shade with Agrax
Earthshade, highlight with
Hashut Copper.

Follow previous steps,
then weather using
Nihi lakh Oxide.

Base with Retributor
Armour, shade with
Reikland Fleshshade Gloss,
Stormhost Silver highlights.

For the symbol, base with
Averland Sunset and add
a line of Dorn Yellow
around the edges.

CLOTHES

Base: The Fang.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Altdorf Guard
Blue and Fenrisian Grey.

Base: 1:1 mix of Mephiston
Red and Abaddon Black.
Highlight: Mephiston Red
then Evil Sunz Scarlet.

Base: Caliban Green.
Shade: Nuln Oil.
Highlight: Loren Forest
and Nurgling Green.

Base: Mournfang Brown.
Shade: Agrax Earthshade.
Highlight: Gorthor Brown
and Baneblade Brown.


PAGEBREAK
DETAILS

66

Base: Ushabti Bone.
Shade: Seraphim Sepia.
Layer : Ushabti Bone, then
Pallid Wych Flesh.

Base: Stormvermin Fur.
Shade: Athonian
Camoshade.

Highlight: Dawnstone.

Base: Ushabti Bone.
Shade: Seraphim Sepia,
heavier towards the tip.
Layer : Rhinox Hide.

Base: Abaddon Black.
Layer : Eshin Grey.

Highlight: Dawnstone.

BEASTCLAW TATTOOS

1

2

3

4

First, apply the skin’s Base,
Shade and Layer colours
(see pg 64).

Next, apply thin lines of
Abaddon Black.

Gradually apply bolder
lines to draw the horns.

Finally, use the side of
the brush’s
tip to create
the claws.

WAR PAINT AND OTHER EFFECTS

Use Abaddon Black over
skin and Screaming Skull
over banners.

ICE WEAPON

Meatfist: Apply Blood for
the Blood God to the fist.
Use a Dry brush to stipple
the edges.

Boulderhead: Use

Abaddon Black on the fist.
Stipple for the transition.

Bloodgullet: Apply Blood

for the Blood God over
the mouth area. Stipple
the edges.

1

2

3

4

Apply a basecoat of
Ceramite White.

Next, glaze with
Guilliman Blue.

Drybrush the area with
Praxeti White.

Finally, paint the metals to
match the ogor’s armour.


PAGEBREAK
SIMPLE BEASTCLAW BANNER SYMBOL

1

2

3

67

Apply the Base, Shade and Layer
colours of your chosen scheme.

Paint thin lines of Karak Stone to
establish where the design wi l l fit.

Now add the upright lines to
elaborate on the design.

4

5

The glyphs shown here can be applied
to any surface you like – armour,
flesh, even the hides of the Beastclaw
Raiders’ monstrous steeds.

A useful tip for painting Beastclaw
banners is to use a ‘colder’ colour
palette of blues, greys and sallow
flesh shades. This really helps to
underline the frosty nature of
these ogors.

Carefully broaden out the shape,
tapering the ends to neat points.

Finish by adding the claws. Use the
tip of the brush to make the shape.

COMPLEX BEASTCLAW BANNER SYMBOL

1

2

3

Make sure you start with a smooth,
clean area of colour.

Draw the triangular shapes using
a pencil. You can use an eraser to
remove mistakes.

Using the original shapes as points
of reference, add the other symbols.

4

5

Carefully fill in the design using
Abaddon Black.

Apply small lines of the underlying
colour to represent damage.

Giving the designs a battered
appearance by painting on small
nicks and scratches helps illustrate
the Beastclaws’ warlike existence
– as well as making the flag even
more eye-catching.

Apply the marks with the extreme
tip of your brush and be sparing
for best results. After all, it’s always
easier to add a painted-on effect than
to remove one!


PAGEBREAK
WINTERBITE MOURNFANG FUR

68

1

2

3

4

Apply a 3:1 mix of
Lahmian Medium and
Nuln Oil over a Corax
White undercoat.

Shade the lower half with
a 2:1 mix of Lahmian
Medium and Nuln Oil.

Shade the lower quarter
with a 2:1 mix of Lahmian
Medium and Nuln Oil.

Drybrush with White Scar.

OTHER FUR COLOURS

Base with Zandri Dust,
shade with Agrax
Earthshade, drybrush
with Karak Stone and
Screaming Skull.

Base with Stormvermin
Fur, drybrush with
Baneblade Brown and
Karak Stone.

Thunderbellies fur :

Chaos Black undercoat,
drybrush with Dark
Reaper, Thunderhawk Blue
and Fenrisian Grey.

Corax White undercoat,
apply a 2:1 mix of Lahmian
Medium/Thunderhawk
Blue and a 2:1 mix of Nuln
Oi l/Lahmian Medium,
dr ybrush Ulthuan Grey.

IRONGUT KITBASH

Take the armour pieces,
weapon and arms from the
Mournfang Pack kit and
the head and bucket from
the Ironblaster kit.

Attach the head, arms and
armour first.

Cut the handle off the
Mournfang rider’s weapon
at the base of the blade.

Glue the catapult bucket
from the Ironblaster kit to
the weapon handle.

Here is the finished model. We added a Gnoblar from the
Ironguts kit to the edge of the catapult bucket.


PAGEBREAK
MOURNFANG KITBASH

69

Take all of the above pieces
from the Ironguts kit.

First, attach the head.

Next, attach the arms
and weapon.

Glue the shields to the
Mournfang’s
front legs.

LEADBELCHER KITBASH

Here is the finished model: a unique Mournfang rider.

Take the trap, head and
cables from the Ironguts
kit and the armour from
the Mournfang Pack kit.

Cut the trap square at its
hinges, as shown.

Glue the jaws of the
trap around the end of
the cannon.

Attach the head, armour
and cables.

Here is the finished model – with an added Gnoblar!


PAGEBREAK
APPETITE FOR WAR

APPETITE FOR WAR

70

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Ogor Mawtribes miniatures on the battlefields of
the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections:

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to an Ogor
Mawtribes army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book .

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in an
Ogor Mawtribes army (pg 71).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of
an Ogor Mawtribes army if it is a
HERO (pg 72-73).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in an
Ogor Mawtribes army (pg 74-75).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in an
Ogor Mawtribes army (pg 76-77).

EVERWINTER PRAYERS

Everwinter prayers available to
PRIESTS in an Ogor Mawtribes army
(pg 77).

MOUNT TRAITS

Traits for the mounts ridden by
HEROES in an Ogor Mawtribes army
(pg 78-79).

GREAT MAWPOT

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Great
Mawpot (pg 80-81).

MAWTRIBES

Abilities for six of the most notorious
Mawtribes (pg 82-87). These rules
can be used by units in an Ogor
Mawtribes army that have been
given the appropriate keyword (see
the Mawtribes battle trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes two new
narrative battleplans that can be
played with an Ogor Mawtribes
army (pg 88-91).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Ogor Mawtribes collection in
Path to Glory campaigns (pg 92-97).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Ogor Mawtribes
miniatures. There are two types of
warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Ogor Mawtribes units that
combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 98-101).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using an Ogor
Mawtribes unit, along with its
characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 102-119).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units and warscroll
battalions in this book (pg 120).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies an
Ogor Mawtribes army can include
(pg 120).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

Battle Traits

BATTLE TRAITS

ON THE MAWPATH

71

TRAMPLING CHARGE

At the first opportunity, an ogor
will barge into combat, using its
immense gir th as a weapon.

After an OGOR or RHINOX unit
makes a charge move, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 1" of this unit
and roll a number of dice equal
to the unmodified charge roll for
that charge move. Add 2 to each
roll if the OGOR unit that made the
charge move has 8 or more models
or is a MONSTER . For each 6+, that
enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

GRASP OF THE EVERWINTER

To wage war against the Beastclaw
Raiders is to battle the brutality of
winter itself. The magical
ice storms
that follow the Beastclaw tribes can
bring death to those who face them
in battle, as flesh and bone splinter
in the supernatural cold.

At the start of your hero phase, roll
1 dice for each enemy unit within
3" of any friendly BEASTCLAW
RAIDERS units. If the roll is equal
to or less than the number of the
current battle round, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

MIGHT MAKES RIGHT

Ogors and their savage mounts
are so immense that it takes many
lesser creatures to drive them from
the lands they have claimed.

When determining control of an
objective, each OGOR counts as
2 models instead of 1, and each

OGOR MONSTER counts as 10

models instead of 1.

models during a battle, the Ogor
Mawtribes player can pick whether
to use this battle trait or to follow
the battleplan. For example, when
determining control of an objective
during ‘The Relocation Orb’
from
the General’s Handbook 2019, an

OGOR MONSTER HERO that bears

an ar tefact of power could count as
either 10 or 20 models instead of 1.

RAVENOUS BRUTES

An ogor exists in one of two states:
it is either ravenous with hunger or
stuffing its mouth with food.

If an OGOR unit is more than 3"
from any enemy units, it is hungry.
If an OGOR unit is within 3" of
any enemy units, it is eating. Add
2" to the Move characteristic of a
unit that is hungry. Add 2 to the
Bravery characteristic of a unit that
is eating.

EVERWINTER PRAYERS

It is said the Huskard Torrs can
interpret the will of Gorkamorka
in the Everwinter and call upon its
wrath to smite their foes.

Designer’s Note: If the battleplan

being played does not follow
the normal rules for controlling
objectives, the Might Makes
Right battle trait cannot be used.
However,
if an Ogor Mawtribes
model is eligible to count as multiple

Each BEASTCLAW RAIDERS

PRIEST in an Ogor Mawtribes
army knows 1 Everwinter prayer
from the Manifestations of the
Eternal Snowstorm table (pg 77)
in addition to any other prayers
they know.

In your hero phase, each friendly

BEASTCLAW RAIDERS PRIEST that

knows any Everwinter prayers can
chant 1 Everwinter prayer. If they
do so, make a prayer roll by rolling
a dice.

Each Everwinter prayer has a
chanting value. If the prayer roll
is equal to or greater than the
chanting value of the Everwinter
prayer,
the prayer is answered.

Each Everwinter prayer can only be
attempted once per turn, regardless
of how many BEASTCLAW

RAIDERS PRIESTS know that

Everwinter prayer.

MAWTRIBES

The most formidable of the
Mawtribes are feared throughout
the Mortal Realms and leave a path
of devastation in their wake.

If your army is a Ogor Mawtribes
army, you can give it a Mawtribe
keyword from the list below. All

OGOR MAWTRIBES units in your

army gain that keyword, and
you can use the extra abilities
listed for that Mawtribe on the
page indicated.

• MEATFIST (pg 82)
• BLOODGULLET (pg 83)
• UNDERGUTS (pg 84)
• BOULDERHEAD (pg 85)
• THUNDERBELLIES (pg 86)
• WINTERBITE (pg 87)

If a model already has a Mawtribe
keyword on its warscroll,
it cannot
gain another one. This does not
preclude you from including the
unit in your army.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

72

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

TRAITS OF THE T YRANT

TYRANT only.

Command Trait

Furious Guzzler : Chunks of flesh and bone are
torn from the enemy as this Tyrant greedily fills
their belly.

At the start of your hero phase, if this general is
eating, you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to them.

Prodigious Girth: This Tyrant

towers over their
lesser kin and scoffs at their measly appetites.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Killer Reputation: Mighty are the deeds of this
Tyrant and feared is their name.

Before this general is set up for the first time,
you can pick a second big name for them. Their
second big name cannot be the same as their
first big name.

4

5

6

Mighty Bellower : Even the din of battle cannot
drown out the roar of this Tyrant.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within
6" of this general, add D3 to the number of
models that flee.

An Eye for Loot: When this Tyrant spots a
treasure amidst the enemy ranks, nothing can
stop their plunderlust.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general that
target an enemy HERO with an artefact of power.

Crushing Bu lk: Entire enemy ranks are crushed
by this Tyrant as they throw their weight about.

This general is treated as a MONSTER for the
purposes of the Trampling Charge battle trait
(pg 71).

TRAITS OF THE BUTCHER

BUTCHER only.

Command Trait

Questionable Hygiene: This Butcher is

absolutely caked in rancid meat and grime.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made
by enemy units while they are within 6" of
this general.

Herald of the Gulping God: It is said that when

this Butcher consumes raw flesh, they commune
directly with the Gulping God.

Friendly units do not take battleshock tests
while they are wholly within 15" of this general
and this general is eating.

Growling Stomach: When not eating,

this

Butcher’s

stomach rumbles ominously.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 12" of this
general and this general is hungry.

4

5

6

Gastromancer: There is no gory ritual that this
Butcher does not know.

This general knows all spells from the Lore of
Gutmagic (pg 76).

Rolls of Fat: This Butcher is so immensely obese
that their blubber can stop a spear thrust.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Spell-eater: There is nothing that this Butcher
cannot eat – even magic provides a tasty meal.

Each time this general dispels an endless spell,
you can heal any wounds allocated to them. If
this general has no wounds allocated to them,
you can instead add 1 to this general’s Wounds
characteristic until the end of the battle. In
addition, each time this general dispels an
endless spell, they can cast 1 additional spell in
that phase.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

TRAITS OF THE BEASTCLAW

FROSTLORD or HUSKARD only.

73

Command Trait

Nomadic Raider : This mighty warlord ventures
deep into enemy lands in search of food
and plunder.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by this general (including
their mount) while this general is wholly within
enemy territory.

Voice of the Avalanche: It is said this warrior’s
voice can level mountains and shatter glaciers.

Once per battle round, this general can use a
command ability on their warscroll without
spending 1 command point.

Frostfell Aura: Such is the aura of icy power
swirling around this warlord that nearby foes
find their limbs have frozen solid.

Enemy units cannot retreat while they are
within 3" of this general.

4

5

6

Master of the Mournfangs: Howling packs

of Mournfangs bound along in the wake of
this warrior.

Friendly MOURNFANG PACK units do not take
battleshock tests while they are wholly within
18" of this general.

Skilled Rider : Few ogors can match this
warlord’s prowess in the saddle.

Halve the number of wounds suffered by this
general (rounding up) when determining which
row on its damage table to use.

Touched by the Everwinter : This warrior

strayed close to the hear t of the Everwinter and
emerged with strange, mystical powers.

This general is a PRIEST . If this general is
already a PRIEST , they know 1 additional
Everwinter prayer (pg 77).

TRAITS OF THE HUNTER

ICEBROW HUNTER only.

Command Trait

Winter Ranger : It is not unheard of for this
warlord to spend weeks hunting alone, waiting
for the per fect moment to eviscerate their prey.

At the start of each of your hero phases, if this
general is in ambush, you gain D3 additional
command points.

Eye of the Blizzard: A ferocious snowstorm
surrounds this hunter in battle. This seems to be
a blessing of the Everwinter,
for enemies cannot
strike a telling blow through the mists.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this general.

Blood Vulture’s Gaze: As keen-sighted as

this hunter never misses

a hunting raptor,
their quarry.

Add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made
with missile weapons by this general.

4

5

6

Frost Maw : Bitten by an Ice Drake in infancy,
this warrior has been imbued with its power and
is now known as a Frost Maw.

When you use this general’s
Icy Breath ability,
you can pick D3 enemy units within 6" of this
general instead of 1.

Raised by Yhetees: While the origins of this
hunter are unknown,
it is said they were raised
in the wild among the Yhetees.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by friendly units of ICEFALL
YHETEES while they are wholly within 12" of
this general.

Skal Packmaster : More comfortable amongst
beasts than his own kind, this hunter leads the
fiercest Frost Sabres into battle.

When you use this general’s Masters of Ambush
ability, up to 2 units of FROST SABRES can join
this general in ambush instead of 1.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

74

TYRANT ’S PLUNDER

TYRANT only.

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Headmasher: This enormous mace is a relic of
the first Great Waaagh!

4

Flask of Stonehorn Blood: This icy blue liquid

imbues one with the toughness of the Stonehorn.

The bearer’s Thundermace has a Damage
characteristic of 4 instead of 3.

Grawl’s Gut-plate: It is said that this

golden gut-plate was once worn by the first
of the Over tyrants and is infused with his
insatiable appetite.

Add 4" to the bearer’s Move characteristic while
they are hungry instead of 2".

Gruesome Trophy Rack: This collection of

skulls, entrails and hides is a potent indication of
the Tyrant’s
formidable prowess in battle.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly
GUTBUSTERS units wholly within 12" of the
bearer that target a MONSTER or HERO.

Once per battle, at the start of any phase, the
bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
until the end of that turn, roll a dice each time
you allocate a wound or mortal wound to the
bearer. On a 4+, that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

Sky-Titan Scatter Pistols: These handcannons

were looted from a Sky-Titan stronghold.

The bearer’s Ogor Pistols have an Attacks
characteristic of 6 instead of 2.

The Fang of Ghur : This ancient weapon is said
to hold the fury of Ghur within it.

The bearer’s Beastskewer Glaive has a Rend
characteristic of -3 instead of -1.

5

6

BUTCHER’S VITTLES

BUTCHER only.

Artefact of Power

Dracoline Heart: The blood of this mighty organ
is so rich that it can feed an entire tribe.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
pick 1 GREAT MAWPOT terrain feature that is
part of your army, within 6" of the bearer and
empty. That GREAT MAWPOT is now fu l l.

Shrunken Priest Head: This grisly trophy still
holds a sliver of divine power.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to the bearer. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Wizardflesh Apron: This Butcher’s apron was
once the skin of a power ful wizard.

The bearer can cast 1 additional spell in each of
your hero phases.

4

5

6

Bloodrock Talisman: This primitive talisman
has a nulling effect upon sorcery.

Add 2 to the roll when the bearer attempts to
unbind or dispel an endless spell.

Grease-smeared Tusks: The bones of this great

beast empower nearby titans of winter.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly MONSTERS
while they are within 9" of the bearer.

Rotting Dankhold Spores: Noxious gas clouds

are released when these spores are squeezed.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of the bearer and
roll a number of dice equal to the number of
models in that unit. For each 4+, that unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
RELICS OF THE EVERWINTER

FROSTLORD or HUSKARD only.

75

D6

1

Artefact of Power

The Rime Shroud: As enemy projectiles whip
towards the bearer of this ancient mantle, they
freeze and shatter in mid-air.

2

3

Re-roll unmodified hit rolls of 6 for attacks
made with missile weapons that target
the bearer.

Blade of All-Frost: The razor edge of this

legendary weapon can freeze its victim’s blood
and sap their streng th.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If any
wounds inflicted by this weapon are allocated
to an enemy HERO or MONSTER model and
that model is not slain, subtract 1 from hit
and wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by that model for the rest of the battle.

Carvalox Flank: The meat of these avian
creatures is much sought by Frostlords, as Icefall
Yhetees crave it above all else.

Friendly ICEFALL YHETEE units that are wholly
within 12" of the bearer at the start of the
movement phase can move an extra 2" when
they make a normal move during that phase.

4

5

6

Alvagr Rune-tokens: Hewn from the hear t of

Mount Alvagr,
these runestones give a warrior a
measure of the Everwinter’s
true power.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
the bearer can use this artefact. If they do so,
until the start of your next hero phase, you can
re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks made by
the bearer and re-roll save rolls for attacks that
target the bearer.

Skullshards of Dragaar : Strange magic clings to

the shattered skull of this once power ful mage.

Once per battle, the bearer can attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase as if
they were a WIZARD. If they do so, that spell is
automatically unbound (do not roll 2D6).

Elixir of Frostwyrm: Distilled from the blood
of a giant Frostwyrm, this rare elixir ravages the
drinker’s
insides, turning their blood to liquid ice
before they vomit forth a torrent of frost magic.

Once per battle, at the start of your shooting
phase, the bearer can use this artefact. If they
do so, pick 1 enemy unit within 9" of the bearer
that is visible to them. That unit suffers D6
mortal wounds. The bearer then suffers D3
mortal wounds.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

The Pelt of Charngar :

The flayed pelt of this fell
Yhetee Lord still holds a
portion of his unnatural
healing abilities.

In your hero phase, you
can heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to the bearer.

TROPHIES OF THE SKAL

ICEBROW HUNTER only.

2

Kattanak Browplate:

The skulls of these hardy
creatures are symbols of
great status.

3

Frost-talon Shardbolts:

Blessed with the sting of
winter,
these missiles turn
the victim’s blood to ice.

Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, at the
start of your first hero phase,
you receive 1 additional
command point.

If the unmodified hit roll
for an attack made with the
bearer’s Hunter’s Crossbow
is 6, that attack inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on the
target in addition to any
normal damage.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

76

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each WIZARD in an Ogor Mawtribes army.

LORE OF GUTMAGIC

BUTCHER only.

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Fleshcrave Curse: The Butcher locks his piggy
eyes upon the enemy as he gulps down raw
flesh. Nearby foes are infected with the Gulping
God’s
insatiable hunger and transformed into
feral cannibals.

Fleshcrave Curse has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. That unit
suffers D6 mortal wounds. In addition, add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee
weapons until the start of your next hero phase.

Blood Feast: The liver of a power ful beast is held
high over the Butcher’s head. As gore drips and
runs down the meatmaster’s
face, nearby ogors
are overcome by a frenzy of bloodlust.

Blood Feast has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly OGOR unit
that is not a MONSTER and that is wholly within
18" of the caster and visible to them. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee
weapons until the start of your next hero phase.

Ribcracker: The Butcher dances around a
skeletal carcass, periodically hacking at it with
their cleaver. Finishing the ritual with a guttural
bellow,
they hurl the split bones at nearby foes,
who soon find their own ribs splintering and
crumbling to dust.

Ribcracker has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 1
from save rolls for attacks that target that unit
until the start of your next hero phase.

4

5

6

Blubbergrub Stench: Foul-smelling

blubbergrubs are chewed into a thick paste,
which the Butcher then smears onto their face.
The smell
is known to attract whole herds of
rhinoxen, who apparently find it irresistible.

Blubbergrub Stench has a casting value of
5. If successfully cast, until the start of your
next hero phase, friendly RHINOX units are
treated as MONSTERS for the purposes of the
Trampling Charge battle trait (pg 71) while they
are wholly within 18" of the caster.

Molten Entrails: The red-hot innards of a
Magmadroth are held aloft in the wind, the
scent reaching the nostrils of nearby beasts and
driving them into a hungry rage.

Molten Entrails has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly OGOR
MAWTRIBES MONSTER wholly within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. Until the start
of your next hero phase, add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of the melee weapons used by that

MONSTER’S mount.

Greasy Deluge: The Butcher chews up a big
mouthful of rancid fat and gall-slime before
spitting it onto the ground. Enemy warriors find
themselves trapped in a foul-smelling deluge of
grease, slipping and sliding as they try to bring
their weapons to bear.

Greasy Deluge has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks made by that unit until
the start of your next hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
77

LORE OF THE SUN-EATER

FIREBELLY only.

2

Billowing Ash: Consuming

a shard of Aqshian flint,
the Firebelly breathes thick
plumes of volcanic ash
that mask their allies from
the enemy.

Billowing Ash has a casting
value of 8. If successfully
cast, until the start of your
next hero phase, subtract 1
from hit rolls for attacks that
target friendly units wholly
within 12" of the caster.

D3

1

Spell

Fiery Whirlwind: The

Firebelly greedily devours
a fiery salamander’s hear t
before spitting out a roaring
cyclone of flames.

Fiery Whirlwind has
a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit. Roll 1 dice for
each model in that unit that
is within 12" of the caster
and visible to them. For each
4+, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If that unit has only
1 model, roll 3 dice instead
of 1.

3

Tongues of Flame: Lashing

tongues of living flame wind
their way about the enemy ;
the risk of immolation
prevents them from moving.

Tongues of Flame has
a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1
enemy unit that has 5 or
more models that are within
18" of the caster and visible
to them. Until the start of
your next hero phase, each
time that unit finishes any
type of move, it suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Everwinter Prayers

EVERWINTER PRAYERS

You can choose or roll for one Everwinter prayer from the following table for each BEASTCLAW RAIDERS PRIEST in
an Ogor Mawtribes army.

MANIFESTATIONS OF THE ETERNAL SNOWSTORM

D3

1

Prayer

Pulverising Hailstorm:

Fist-sized chunks of ice
rain from the sky to crush
those beneath.

2

Keening Gale: A bone-

chilling wind howls across
the battlefield, giving speed
to the beasts of winter.

This prayer is answered
on a 4+. If this prayer is
answered, pick a point on
the battlefield within 18"
of the model chanting this
prayer. Roll 1 dice for each
unit within 3" of that point.
On a 3+, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

This prayer is answered
on a 4+. If this prayer is
answered, pick 1 friendly

MONSTER or MOURNFANG

PACK unit wholly within
18" of the model chanting
this prayer. Until the
start of your next hero
phase, add 3" to that unit’s
Move characteristic.

3

Call of the Blizzard: An

impenetrable snow fall
surrounds the caster and
from its depths emerge
terrors of the frozen wastes
on the hunt for fresh blood.

This prayer is answered
on a 4+. If this prayer is
answered, pick 1 friendly

unit of ICEFALL YHETEES

within 18" of the model
chanting this prayer that
is visible to them. You can
return 1 slain model to
that unit.


PAGEBREAK
Mount Traits

MOUNT TRAITS

78

If an Ogor Mawtribes army
includes any HEROES mounted on

STONEHORNS or THUNDERTUSKS,

one of those HEROES can have a
mount trait.

Declare which HERO has the mount
trait and then choose or roll for a
mount trait from the appropriate
table. You can choose one extra
HERO to have a mount trait for each
warscroll battalion in your army.

The same HERO cannot have more
than one mount trait, and an army
may not include duplicates of the
same mount trait.

STONE-SKINNED MONSTERS

HERO mounted on STONEHORN only.

D6

1

2

3

Mount Trait

Black Clatterhorn: Found on the steppes of
nor thern Ghur,
this breed of Stonehorn is
infamous for its bloodthirsty nature.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Rock-hard Horns.

Metalcruncher: This Stonehorn has developed
a taste for dense metal and chews up ironclad
enemy war machines with ease.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
WAR MACHINE , or 1 enemy unit with a Save
characteristic of 4+, 3+ or 2+, that is within 3" of
this model. That enemy unit immediately suffers
D6 mortal wounds.

4

5

6

Frosthoof Bull: Frosthoof Stonehorns roam very
close to the hear t of the Everwinter and their
hooves are encased in lethal shards of ice.

Improve the Rend characteristic of this model’s
Crushing Hooves by 1.

Rockmane Elder : The skeleton of this truculent
old Stonehorn has grown even thicker and
more robust.

Add 1 to this model’s Wounds characteristic.

Old Granitetooth: This ancient creature is
a paragon of its kind;
lesser Stonehorns and
Mournfangs flock behind it.

Belligerent Charger : This brash and aggressive
beast barrels forward into battle as soon as it
sniffs out the enemy.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly STONEHORNS
and MOURNFANG PACK units while they are
wholly within 12" of this model.

When determining the number of dice to roll
for the Trampling Charge battle trait (pg 71),
treat charge rolls made for this model of less
than 7 as 7.


PAGEBREAK
BEASTS OF ALVAGR

HERO mounted on THUNDERTUSK only.

79

D6

1

2

3

Mount Trait

Fleet of Hoof: This beast is terrify ingly fast over
short distances, closing in on the enemy in the
blink of an eye.

You can re-roll one or both of the dice when
making charge rolls for this model.

Fleshgreed: This Thunder tusk has a fearsome
appetite for raw meat.

At the start of each hero phase, if this model
is eating, you can heal 1 wound allocated to
this model.

Rimefrost Hide: The fur of this beast is
toughened and frozen, softening the blows of
enemy weapons.

Worsen the Rend characteristic of melee
weapons that target this model by 1 (to a
minimum of ‘-’).

4

5

6

Gvarnak: On occasion, a Thunder tusk will
enter a state of blind rage known as gvarnak,
rendering it all but impossible to kill.

Add 1 to this model’s Wounds characteristic.

Matriarch: This elder female strides forward at
the front of the herd,
leading the Thunder tusk
charge into the thick of battle.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly
THUNDERTUSKS while they are wholly within
12" of this model.

Alvagr Ancient: For generations,
this mighty
beast has carried the lords of its tribe to war. It is
said to bring with it the chill of Mount Alvagr.

If this model has not made a charge move in the
same turn, enemy units that are within 3" of this
model at the start of the combat phase fight at
the end of that combat phase.


PAGEBREAK
Great Mawpot

GREAT MAWPOT

80

Set down in the middle of the battlefield, the magical cauldron known as a Great Mawpot is soon filled with all
manner of unspeakable ingredients. As its contents bubble away, they release powerful fumes of gastromantic
magic. A single sip of this blessed mixture can revive a wounded ogor and send them charging back into the fray.

An Ogor Mawtribes army can
include 1 GREAT MAWPOT terrain
feature (see opposite).

After territories have been chosen
but before armies are set up, you
can set up the GREAT MAWPOT
anywhere on the battlefield more
than 1" from any other terrain
features, more than 12" from enemy
territory and more than 6" from
any objectives.

If both players can set up a terrain
feature before armies are set up, they
must roll off, and the winner can
choose the order in which the terrain
features are set up.

‘That’s a

Mumblo hummed to himself as he worked, hacking away at
the bloody carcass strewn across his Butcher’s
slab. Once he
had carved it into several nice big chunks, he picked them up
and flung them over his shoulder, grinning as he heard the satisfy ing
‘sploosh’ of the meat dropping into the Great Mawpot. As the lumps
struck the sur face, he caught a whiff of the battlebroth.
‘Oh, by my bones,’ he said, through a mouthful of drool.
good blend.’
Truly,
the Gulping God had blessed him with a lovely spread this
day. In the distance, he could hear the clash of blades and the agonised
screams of dying aelf-things.
A sudden commotion behind him caused the Butcher to turn. Several
slithery, serpentine shapes were winding through the air towards him,
crest-helmed riders upon their backs. They levelled pronged lances that
crackled with lightning, and as Mumblo’s bodyguards lumbered up to
block their path, the riders thrust their weapons into the ogors’ flesh.
There was a burst of sparks, and the stench of charred blubber filled
the air. One of the riders swerved gracefully away from the melee and
lowered his crackling polearm as his eel slithered towards Mumblo.
At the very last moment, the Butcher stepped aside and hacked
downwards with his cleaver. The blow sliced through the eel's armoured
collar easily and lopped off its head. The rider tumbled free and landed
hard, right next to the bubbling Mawpot. Mumblo advanced towards
the dazed aelf, an ev il grin spreading across his jowly face. He raised his
cleaver and licked salty blood off the blade.
‘Lovely,’ he chor tled.
‘Always nice when the meat comes to you.’


PAGEBREAK
81

SCENERY WARSCROLL

GREAT MAWPOT

Crafted from the melted-down weapons of defeated enemies and blessed with the strange, hungry essence of the
Gulping God, the Great Mawpot is a Mawtribe's most sacred possession. All manner of gruesome ingredients are
thrown into this metal cauldron and boiled up into a thick magical broth that reinvigorates any ogors who taste it.

DESCRIPTION

A Great Mawpot is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Vessel of the Gulping God: Swirling

fumes of power ful gastromancy
emanate from the Great Mawpot.

Add 1 to casting or unbinding rolls
for OGOR WIZARDS while they are
within 1" of a GREAT MAWPOT from
your army.

Throw ’Em In: The bludgeoned and
hacked remains of dead foes are
thrown into the bubbling cauldron to
thicken the stew.

If an enemy model is slain within 6"
of an empty GREAT MAWPOT from
your army,
it becomes fu l l.

Battlebroth: The contents of a
Mawpot are suffused with strange
magic; a single mouthful can restore
an ogor’s vitality and stitch up
their wounds.

A GREAT MAWPOT is said to be
either fu l l or empty. At the start of
the battle,
it is full. In your hero
phase, 1 friendly OGOR HERO
within 6" of a fu l l GREAT MAWPOT
from your army can spend all of
that GREAT MAWPOT ’s magic. If
they do so, you can heal D3 wounds
allocated to each friendly OGOR unit
wholly within 36" of that GREAT
MAWPOT (roll separately for each
unit). Once the GREAT MAWPOT ’s
magic has been spent, it is empty.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GREAT MAWPOT


PAGEBREAK
Meatfist Mawtribe

MEATFIST MAWTRIBE

82

Bullies and braggarts of the first order, the Meatfist are the most numerous of all the Mawtribes and a great
plague upon the realms. They enjoy nothing more than bur ying their foes beneath a massed charge of ogor
warriors, crushing them into a gory mess before flinging the squashed remains into their cookpots.

Bold, swaggering and toweringly arrogant, the warriors
of the Meatfist Mawtribe are feared across the realms
for the relentless nature of their raids. Their Tyrants are
the fiercest and fattest of their kind, warlords who have
crushed hundreds of kingdoms in their time and picked
their teeth with the bones of countless champions. Of
all the Mawtribes, the Meatfist are the most forward-
thinking , having embraced such rarefied concepts as
bartering, trade and temporary truces. These diplomatic
acts rarely last long, however,
typically ending as soon as
the ogors’ bellies start to rumble.

The Meatfist believe there is no creature in all the realms,
living or dead, that they cannot devour. They take it as a
point of pride to eat every last scrap of their foes, leaving
absolutely nothing behind for the crows. The Mawtribe
prizes brute force above all and can boast so many packs
of Ogor Gluttons that the ground shakes beneath their
advance. Bellowing praises to the Gulping God, this
avalanche of unwashed flesh crashes down upon the
enemy, often routing them in a single brutal charge.

ABILITIES
Fleshy Stampede: The Meatfist have little time for
strategy and tactics. They simply charge headlong
towards their foes, flattening them with the fearsome
force of their momentum.

You can roll 1 additional dice when a MEATFIST unit
uses the Trampling Charge battle trait (pg 71).

COMMAND ABILITY
The Unstoppable Feast: With a guttural bellow,
the warlords of the Meatfist order their warriors
to commence feasting and not to cease until all
is devoured.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly MEATFIST
HERO. Until the end of that phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of friendly MEATFIST OGOR GLUTTONS
units’ Gulping Bite while they are wholly within
18" of that HERO. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than once per
combat phase.

COMMAND TRAIT

A MEATFIST general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Food for Thought: It is said that this warlord’s best
ideas come to them whilst they are eating.

At the start of your hero phase, if this general is eating,
you gain 1 additional command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first MEATFIST HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Gut-plate of Ghur.

Gut-plate of Ghur : The strange pattern on this ancient
gut-plate is said to be a map of the realm surrounded by
the crushing jaws of the Great Maw.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target
the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodgullet Mawtribe

BLOODGULLET MAWTRIBE

The ogors of the Bloodgullet like their meat raw and bloody. Their Butchers have a stronger connection to the
Gulping God than those of any other Mawtribe, and in battle they channel their deity's eternal hunger into
horrific feats of gory magic.

83

When the Bloodgullet march to war, they bring with
them not only the appalling stench of clotted gore but
a swirling tide of gastromantic magic. The Butchers of
this Mawtribe use freshly spilled blood to channel the
magic of the Gulping God. The more enemies hacked
apart by rusty cleavers or impaled upon razor-sharp
hooks, the thicker the blood flows and the more powerful
the shamans' spells become. As spilled gore sloshes
around their feet, the ogors of the tribe enter a deranged,
murderous frenzy, slurping at the gushing wounds of
their prey and gobbling down trails of intestines and
lopped-off fingers.

It is considered incredibly bad luck for a Bloodgullet
warrior to wash off the blood that soon cakes them
from head to toe, and so they are continuously smeared
in a brownish, dried ichor. Owing to their monstrous
appearance, unbearable stink and general bloodthirstiness,
the Bloodgullet are usually attacked on sight by those
whose territories they enter. This suits the ogors just fine –
they always appreciate it when their food comes to them.

ABILITIES

Heralds of the Gulping God: The shamans of

the Bloodgullet know many gruesome secrets of
gastromantic magic.

BLOODGULLET BUTCHERS know 1 extra spell from
the Lore of Gutmagic (pg 76). In addition, friendly

BLOODGULLET BUTCHERS can attempt to cast 1

extra spell in your hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITY
Bloodbath: Bloodgullet Butchers have an uncanny
ability to sniff out the weakest spots in the enemy line
and carve them open in a shower of gore.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BLOODGULLET BUTCHER . Until the end of that
phase, you can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by friendly BLOODGULLET
OGOR GLUTTONS units that are wholly within 12" of

that BLOODGULLET BUTCHER .

COMMAND TRAIT

A BLOODGULLET general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

‘Nice Drop of the Red Stuff !’: This warlord seeks out

the most delicious sources of rich blood, and their
warriors know to follow closely behind.

Friendly units that start a pile-in move wholly within
12" of this general can move an extra 3" when they
pile in.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BLOODGULLET HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Splatter-cleaver.

Splatter-cleaver : The serrated edge of this cleaver
sprays blood, gore and bone in all directions. The
resolve of Bloodgullet warriors is streng thened if they
are caught beneath this shower of ichor.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the end of the
combat phase, if any wounds inflicted by that weapon
in that phase were allocated to an enemy model and
not negated, you can heal D3 wounds allocated to each
friendly BLOODGULLET OGOR unit wholly within 12"
of the bearer (roll separately for each unit).


PAGEBREAK
Underguts Mawtribe

UNDERGUTS MAWTRIBE

84

The Underguts are pale-fleshed bogeymen that blast their way up from the deep earth to raid and feast upon
surface-dwellers. They are obsessed with firepower and explosives, and they love to explode their prey into chunks
of cooked meat with an overwhelming bombardment from their heavy cannons.

No Mawtribe boasts as many Ironblasters and
blackpowder weapons as the Underguts. Having unlocked
the secrets of crafting crude and incredibly volatile
explosives, the Mawtribe now considers blowing things up
to be the sole solution to all its problems. In all fairness,
this approach tends to be very effective. Few wish to cross
the Mawtribe’s Overtyrant, Grumlog Blisterhands, who
is only too happy to unleash every destructive tool at
his disposal.

The Underguts particularly enjoy cracking open enemy
fortresses, especially those that are deemed to be
unbreachable. While the Ironblasters pound the walls
with a relentless barrage, Leadbelchers march forward
to hurl blasting charges – or, on occasion, unfortunate
Gnoblars strapped head-to-toe with bombs. When the
smoke clears, the Underguts lumber through the breach
to clobber any survivors to death. This was how the
suppposedly impregnable Freeguild fort of Asverd Heights
was overcome, along with the Fermgar Magmahold and
the Citadel of Whispers.

ABILITIES
Gunmasters: Leadbelchers of the Underguts Mawtribe
are famed – amongst ogor society at least – for the
accuracy of their fire.

Leadbelcher Guns used by UNDERGUTS
LEADBELCHERS units have a Range characteristic of
18" instead of 12".

COMMAND ABILITY
Thunderous Salvo: Warlords of the Underguts always
carry extra munitions into battle to ensure the enemy is
obliterated by a barrage of detonations.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
UNDERGUTS HERO. Until the end of that phase, add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of missile weapons used
by friendly UNDERGUTS IRONBLASTER units wholly
within 12" of that UNDERGUTS HERO. You can only
use this command ability once per shooting phase.

COMMAND TRAIT

An UNDERGUTS general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Mass of Scars: This warlord is covered in scars, scorch
marks and other wounds, relics of a lifetime spent
wielding deadly firearms and explosives.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first UNDERGUTS HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Gnoblar Blast Keg.

Gnoblar Blast Keg: Packed with volatile blastpowder,
knives, nails and whatever else its Gnoblar crafters
could stuff into it, this explosive barrel detonates in a
shredding hail of shrapnel.

Once per battle, at the start of your shooting phase,
you can use the Gnoblar Blast Keg. If you do so, pick
1 enemy unit within 9" of the bearer that is visible to
them and roll 6 dice. Add 1 to each roll for every 10
models in the target unit. For each 6+, that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Boulderhead Mawtribe

BOULDERHEAD MAWTRIBE

The Boulderhead are as stubborn as mountain stone and twice as unyielding. Unmatched beastmasters, they
charge headlong into every battle upon fearsome creatures of the Everwinter, smashing their foes aside in a storm
of swinging horns and stamping hooves.

85

The Svard are proud of their warrior legacy, considering
themselves the most ferocious fighters around and
everyone else little more than puny weak lings. This
stubborn pride has been the cause of several civil wars
between ogorkind and has meant that the other Mawtribes
now always keep a war y eye on their nomadic raids.
Though they are fewer in number than many of their
rivals, the Svard make up for this with their legendary
belligerence. Although they have no shortage of more
appealing foods, the Mawtribe’s ogors and their mounts
eat the hardest rocks they can find, stubbornly crunching
up mouthfuls of meat and gravel while insisting that this
grants them the strength of the mountain.

Boulderhead warriors deign to ride only the most
foul-tempered beasts into battle. They set packs of
Thundertusks and Stonehorns against one another in
vicious blood-games to seek out the fiercest creatures and
then set about headbutting the survivors into submission.
This ensures that when a Svard cavalr y charge strikes
home, it does so with an all but unstoppable momentum.

ABILITIES
Fearsome Breed: The beasts of the Boulderhead are
said to be the most ferocious of all their kind, and the
riders atop them are adept at nur turing a savage and
wicked temperament
in every one.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of friendly

BOULDERHEAD MONSTERS. In addition, each
BOULDERHEAD HERO on STONEHORN or

THUNDERTUSK , instead of only 1, can be given a
mount trait (pg 78-79).

Deadly Hail: The supernatural storm that follows the
Boulderhead manifests as a bludgeoning downpour of
fist-sized hailstones.

Add 1 to prayer rolls for Pulverising Hailstorm when a
BOULDERHEAD PRIEST is chanting that prayer.

COMMAND ABILITY
Dig Deep your Heels!: The beast roars as pig-iron
spurs dig deep into its flanks, driving it forwards in a
maddened rage.

You can use this command ability at the start of any
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly BOULDERHEAD
HERO that has a mount. Until the end of that phase,
use the top row on that unit’s damage table, regardless
of how many wounds it has suffered.

COMMAND TRAIT

A BOULDERHEAD general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Lord of Beasts: This general

is able to bend even the
most belligerent creatures to his w ill.

Friendly BOULDERHEAD MONSTERS that are wholly
within 12" of this general at the start of the movement
phase can move an extra 1" when they make a normal
move during that phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BOULDERHEAD HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Brand of the Svard.

Brand of the Svard: The ancient glyph of the
Boulderhead Alfrostun is burned deep into the flesh of
this beast, filling it with Gorkamorka’s
fury.

If the bearer has a mount, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with that mount’s melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
Thunderbellies Mawtribe

THUNDERBELLIES MAWTRIBE

86

Bellowing so loudly that they can even be heard above the furious hurricane that races at their heels, the
Thunderbellies charge into battle upon fleet-hooved mounts. They strike their foes’ flanks again and again,
bludgeoning them into submission with relentless ferocity.

The Thunderbellies stalk the wind-whipped Sky Roads of
Chamon. A forbidding wilderness of freezing bridges that
weave through valleys of cloud, only the most sk i lfu l riders
can master this forbidding landscape.

The thunder of Mournfang cavalr y and the snarl of
countless beasts heralds the Mawtribe’s arrival into the
fray. These ogors are renowned for the bellicose nature of
their riders and the lightning speed of their steeds, for only
the quick survive the Sky Roads.

The success of the Olwyr – as the Thunderbellies call
themselves – also rests in the hands of their leaders,
the vast majority of whom fight at the very spear-tip of
their cavalr y packs. The greatest of them have spent so
long chasing electrical storms across the Sky Roads and
swallowing forks of lightning that fulminating energy
crackles within their very bones. Instinctively,
these
mounted warlords can scent their prey on the shifting
winds, mustering their packs to strike the enemy in
sudden and merciless attacks.

ABILITIES
Swift Outflank: Before the enemy can even muster
a cohesive defence, they find rampaging packs of
Mournfangs crashing into their flanks.

Friendly THUNDERBELLIES MOURNFANG PACK

units wholly within 12" of the edge of the battlefield
at the start of your charge phase can charge in that
charge phase even if they ran in the same turn.

Riders of the Hurricane: The Everwinter sends

howling gales after the Thunderbellies. The Mawtribe’s
shamans have learnt to ride these winds into battle.

Add 1 to prayer rolls for Keening Gale when a
THUNDERBELLIES PRIEST is chanting that prayer.

COMMAND ABILITY
Rip and Tear : The Mournfang riders of the
Thunderbellies
like to encircle their prey,
tearing them
apart piece by piece.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy unit with
1 or more wounds allocated to it that is within 6"
of a THUNDERBELLIES HERO. Until the end of the
phase, you can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by

friendly THUNDERBELLIES MOURNFANG PACK units

that target that enemy unit.

COMMAND TRAIT

A THUNDERBELLIES general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Storm Chaser : This warlord has spent a lifetime
chasing the fulminating storms of the Sky Roads and
drives his warriors into battle at fearsome speed.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly THUNDERBELLIES
units while they are wholly within 18" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first THUNDERBELLIES HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given the Shatterstone.

Shatterstone: Infused with the devastating power of an
alchemical storm, this fragment of rock sends cracks
and splinters rippling across the ear th.

Enemy units treat terrain features within 12" of the
bearer as having the Deadly scenery rule in addition to
any other scenery rules they may have.


PAGEBREAK
Winterbite Mawtribe

WINTERBITE MAWTRIBE

Most mysterious of all the Mawtribes, the Winterbite stray close to the icy grasp of the Everwinter so that its
snowstorms hide them from their quarr y until the last moment. They strike from this shroud of blinding white
with sudden and terrifying brutality, sending forth packs of winter beasts to tear apart their prey.

87

Unlike the majority of the Beastclaw-led Mawtribes,
who stay as far ahead of the Everwinter as possible, the
Winterbite rely on it to mask their movements and conceal
them from their prey. To do so, they roam dangerously
close to the swirling blizzards of the supernatural storm,
waiting for the mists to descend upon their prey before
setting packs of Yhetees and Frost Sabres upon them. In
order to tread this hazardous line and avoid becoming
trapped in frozen oblivion, the Mawtribe relies upon
its Icebrow Hunters, expert trackers who maintain a
primal connection with the monstrous creatures of the
Everwinter. These imposing warriors are held in great
regard by the Mawtribe and sometimes even command
their own raids.

Calling themselves the Fraya in ancient svoringar,
the
Winterbite are a mysterious breed. Even their fellow ogors
find them more than a little odd, not least because they
tend to pick at their food with a series of swift ambushes
rather than simply overwhelming and devouring their prey
in a single gluttonous festival of slaughter.

ABILITIES
Ghosts in the Blizzard: The tribes of the Winterbite
remain masked by the shroud of the Everwinter’s
snowstorm until the moment that they strike.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target friendly WINTERBITE units that
are wholly within your territory.

Cal l of the Endless White: Winterbite shamans can

call upon the icy mists of the Everwinter,
the hideous creatures that dwell within.

summoning

Add 1 to prayer rolls for Call of the Blizzard when a
WINTERBITE PRIEST is chanting that prayer.

COMMAND ABILITY
Howl of the Wild: Unleashing a blood-chilling cry,
the warlord sends their winter beasts forth to kill and
to feed.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly

WINTERBITE HERO. Friendly WINTERBITE FROST
SABRES units and WINTERBITE ICEFALL YHETEES

units wholly within 12" of that WINTERBITE HERO
can fight at the start of that combat phase. These units
cannot fight again in that combat phase unless an
ability or spell allows them to fight more than once.

COMMAND TRAIT

A WINTERBITE general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on pages 72-73.

Wintertouched: This warlord bears the frostbitten
mark of the Everwinter and supernatural monsters of
the great snowstorm flock to their side.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with melee

weapons by friendly WINTERBITE FROST SABRES
units and WINTERBITE ICEFALL YHETEES units

while they are wholly within 12" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first WINTERBITE HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Frostfang.

Frostfang: Found deep within the Yholgor Rime
Caverns of eastern Ghur,
this ancient weapon takes the
form of an oversized Yhetee fang.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the start of
each battle round, roll a dice. On a 5+, add 1 to the
damage inflicted by attacks made with that weapon for
the rest of the battle. This effect is cumulative.


PAGEBREAK
88

Battleplan: Gorkmaw’s Gullet

BATTLEPLAN

GORKMAW’S GULLET

Two rival warlords locked in a
long and bitter war each march on
Gorkmaw ’s Gullet, a vital mountain
pass in the Ghurish hinterlands,
intent on entering enemy territory
and crushing their opponent at last.
However, upon arrival, they find a
band of notorious ogor mercenaries
camped in the pass. Their
delegations meet with the sellsword
leader, who demands a tribute of
flesh and bone if either side is to
secure his ser vices. At first, supplies
and provisions are readily offered,
but the mercenary lord soon turns
his greedy eyes upon the camped
forces, his stomach growling…

At daybreak, war horns blare as the
early morning mist rises from the
shadow of the pass. The ogor army
feasted the night before and now
stands eager to fight, but which
of his would-be employers was
desperate enough to offer their own
soldiers in bloody tribute?

TRIUMPH & TREACHERY

This is a Triumph & Treachery
battle for three players. Use the
Triumph & Treachery rules from

the Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core

Book . Secret Objectives are not
used in this battle. Furthermore,

players do not pick an opponent to
be their enemy at the start of each
phase. Instead, the following rules
wi l l explain which opponent is
considered the enemy of each player.

OBJECTIVES

This battle is fought to control six
objectives. One objective is located
in each player’s territory, as shown
on the map. The Ogor Mawtribes
player cannot control objectives this
battle, and units from their army are
not counted when checking to see if
either Rival player has gained control
of any objectives.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Ogor Mawtribes
player. The other two players
are the Rival players. The Ogor
Mawtribes player must use an Ogor
Mawtribes army.

SET UP

The Rival players roll off and the
winner decides which territory each
Rival player wi l l use. The territories
are shown on the map below. The
Rival player who won the roll-off sets
up their army first, followed by the
other Rival player and then the Ogor
Mawtribes player. Players must set
up their units wholly within their
own territory and more than 6" from
enemy territory.

THE TRIBUTE
A terrible price must be paid to
secure the alliance of these ogors,
for they demand raw flesh. It is said
your rival will even offer their own
warriors as tribute to secure their
serv ices. Will you do the same?

Before the first battle round begins,
each Rival player secretly writes
down a number and shows it to the
Ogor Mawtribes player. This number
represents their tribute. The Ogor
Mawtribes player picks one tribute to
accept and one to reject. The player
who has their tribute accepted then
removes a number of models from
their army whose combined Wounds
characteristic equals the number
offered as tribute. These models are
counted as being slain.


PAGEBREAK
89

BLOODY CONTRACT
An ogor’s appetite can never be
quelled for long. As the battle rages,
the mercenary chief demands a
share of the spoils and will side with
whoever offers more.

For the first two battle rounds,
the Rival player whose tribute was
accepted and the Ogor Mawtribes
player are said to be in contract.
When two armies are in contract,
units from those armies treat
units from the other army as
neutral models.

Armies that are not in contract
treat units from other armies as
enemy models.

Starting from the second battle
round, the contract ends at the end
of each battle round. When the
contract ends, each Rival player
secretly notes down the number
of victory points they are willing
to give the Ogor Mawtribes player,
which cannot exceed the number of
victory points the player currently
has. This number represents their

offering. The Ogor Mawtribes
player picks one offering to accept
and one to reject. The Rival player
whose offering was accepted and
the Ogor Mawtribes player are now
in contract until the end of the
next battle round, and the players’
victory points balances shift (see
Victory Points).

GLORIOUS VICTORY

In this battle, the Rival players and
the Ogor Mawtribes player have
different criteria for victory.

The battle ends at the end of the
fifth battle round (or when the
amount of time allocated for the
battle runs out). When the battle
ends, if the Ogor Mawtribes player
has more victory points than either
of the Rival players, they win a

major victory.

In addition, if one Rival player
has more victory points than the
other Rival player,
they win a
major victory. It is possible for the
Ogor Mawtribes player and one
of the Rival players to both win a

major victory.

If all players have an equal number
of victory points, the battle is a draw.

VICTORY POINTS

At the end of each of their turns,
each Rival player scores 3 victory
points for each objective in their
territory that they control and 1
victory point for each objective not
in their territory that they control.

When the Ogor Mawtribes player
accepts an offering, the Ogor
Mawtribes player gains the number
of victory points offered and the
Rival player whose offering was
accepted loses the same number of
victory points.


PAGEBREAK
90

Battleplan: Challenge of Rule

BATTLEPLAN

CHALLENGE OF RULE

No Tyrant’s rule lasts forever.
Ogor society is brutal and
unforgiving; for a Tyrant to hold
on to power, they must be ever
w i l ling to crush any and all of their
rivals. Still, if a tribe falls on hard
times, or if a Tyrant begins to make
unpopular decisions, dissonance
w i l l stir, a usurper w i l l rise and
bloodshed w i l l inevitably follow.

This battleplan tells one such
tale. A young and brash ogor has
bellowed a challenge and now
charges headlong towards the
Tyrant. The loyalties of the tribe
are split in two, and whilst the two
warriors battle, ogors w i l l clash
on either side against their kin to
establish rule over the tribe.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Tyrant player and their
opponent is the Usurper player. Both
players must use an Ogor Mawtribes
army. Each player’s general can
only be a MONSTER if the other
player also picks a MONSTER to be
their general.

SET UP

The territories for both armies
are shown on the map below. The
Usurper player sets up their army
first, followed by the Tyrant player.
Players must set up their units
wholly within their own territory.

RISE TO THE CHALLENGE
The Tyrant and the usurper charge at
each other, eager to begin the fight.

After armies have been set up but
before the first battle round begins,
the players roll off. Starting with
the player who won the roll-off,
each player’s general can make a
normal move (you can declare that it
wi l l run).

FIRST TURN

The player whose general is closest to
the centre of the battlefield decides
who wi l l take the first turn. If both
players’ generals are equally close to
the centre, the players roll off and
the winner decides who wi l l take the
first turn.

GRUDGE MATCH
Battle rages on all sides, but every
ogor knows better than to inter fere
with the fight between the Tyrant and
the usurper.

During the battle, players cannot
pick the opposing player’s general to
be the target of any attack or spell
unless that attack or spell is made or
cast by their own general.

In addition, players cannot set up or
move an endless spell within 3" of
the enemy general.


PAGEBREAK
91

ACTS OF DOMINANCE
The Tyrant and the usurper are
empowered by the slaughter of their
enemies. They draw on this power to
beat their rival into submission.

Each time an enemy unit is
destroyed, players gain 1 dominance
point. At the start of each player’s

hero phase, if their general is within
3" of the enemy general, they can
choose to spend any number of
their dominance points on abilities
from the table below (including the
same ability several times), as long
as they have enough dominance
points to do so. Each ability costs 1
dominance point.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

The battle ends when either player’s
general is slain. If the Tyrant player’s
general is slain, the Usurper player
wins a major victory. If the Usurper
player’s general is slain, the Tyrant

player wins a major victory.

Feast: The butchered remains of
your fallen foes taste all the sweeter
as you devour them in front of
your rival.

Gut Punch: You deliver a mighty
blow to your rival’s gut.

Grapple: Crashing into your rival,
you wrestle them to the ground.

Roll a dice. On a 4+, you can heal 1 wound allocated to your general.

Roll a dice. On a 4+, the enemy general suffers 1 mortal wound.

Roll 2D6. If the roll is greater than the enemy general’s Wounds
characteristic minus the number of wounds allocated to them, they are said
to be grappled until the end of the turn. Grappled models fight at the end of
the combat phase.

Bellow : You let out a guttural roar
in your rival’s
face, a display of
might that few can w ithstand.

Roll 2D6. If the roll is greater than the enemy general’s Bravery
characteristic, they are said to be shaken until the end of the turn. Subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks made by models that are shaken.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

92

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband w i l l gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need
two or more players. Each player
will need a HERO to be their
champion and must then create
a warband to follow and fight
beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
you wi l l be crowned the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND

In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select your army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com .

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the
warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect an
Ogor Mawtribes warband, but
other Warhammer Age of Sigmar

publications include warband
tables to let you collect warbands
from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to make follower
rolls to generate your starting
followers. The champion you
chose in step 2 wi l l determine
how many follower rolls you have.
To make a follower roll, pick a
column from one of the followers
tables and then roll a dice. If you
prefer,
instead of rolling a dice,
you can pick the result from the
followers table (this still uses up
the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require you
to expend two or more rolls, or one
roll and a number of Glory Points
(see Gaining Glory), in order to
use it. Note that the option to
expend Glory Points can only be
used when you add new followers
to your warband after a battle (see
Rewards of Battle). In either case,
in order to generate a follower
unit from the table, you must have
enough rolls and/or Glory Points
to meet the requirements, and you
can then either roll once on the
table or pick one result from the
table of your choice. If you expend
Glory Points, you must reduce
your Glory Points total by the
amount shown on the table.

Followers are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they
can otherwise take any options
allowed by their warscroll. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you
can now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use an Ogor Mawtribes
warband in a Path to Glory game,
you can use the Battle Traits
from page 71, but you cannot
use any other Ogor Mawtribes
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated.

As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.


PAGEBREAK
Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE

After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.

93

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive any
Glory Points – just keep on fighting
battles until you win the campaign…
or another player wins first!

Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on the champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the result
on your warband roster.
Your champion can only
receive one Champion's
Reward – if they already
have a Champion’s Reward,
you must take a Follower's
Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster.
A unit can only receive
one Follower's Reward. If
all of your follower units
have a Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Ogor Mawtribes Warband Tables

94

OGOR MAWTRIBES WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
that fight at their side, and the rewards they receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Frostlord on Stonehorn or Thundertusk

Huskard on Stonehorn or Thundertusk

Tyrant

Slaughtermaster

Icebrow Hunter

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-2

3-4

5

6

Beastclaw Raiders

2 Mournfang Packs

2 Mournfang Packs

4 Frost Sabres

3 Icefall Yhetees

Follower Rolls

0 rolls

1 roll

3 rolls

4 rolls

4 rolls

Gutbusters

3 Ogor Gluttons

2 Leadbelchers

Gorger

Ironblaster

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE (uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

Gutbusters

6 Ogor Gluttons

3 Maneaters

4 Ironguts

BEASTS OF EVERWINTER FOLLOWERS TABLE
(uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Stonehorn Beastriders

Thundertusk Beastriders

D6

1-3

4-5

6

Beastclaw Raiders

4 Mournfang Packs

4 Mournfang Packs

4 Mournfang Packs

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

Icebrow Hunter

Firebelly

Butcher

GNOBLAR FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

20 Gnoblars

Gnoblar Scraplauncher

Cannot be given Follower’s Rewards


PAGEBREAK
95

D6

1

2

3

RETINUE, ELITE RETINUE AND HERO FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Brutal Bodyguards: These warriors fight to earn
the favour of your champion and show no mercy
to enemies who stray too close to their charge.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by this unit while they are wholly
within 6" of your champion.

Greedy Chompers: These warriors like to take
great bites out of their enemies even in the thick
of battle.

At the start of your hero phase, if this unit is
eating, you can heal 1 wound allocated to them.

4

5

6

Thick Blubber : These warriors are protected by
an impenetrable layer of fat.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks that
target this unit.

Makeshift Plate: These warriors have taken to
looting scraps of armour from fallen foes.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
this unit.

Boisterous Rampagers: These warriors are

always first into the fray.

Well Fed: These warriors have grown fat on the
spoils of war.

This unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

Add 1 to this unit’s Wounds characteristic .


PAGEBREAK
96

2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

Empty Stomachs: Your champion and their tribe
has fallen upon hard times. Food is scarce and all
feel the strain of hunger.

9

Rare Plunder : In the aftermath of battle, an
exotic treasure is found that your champion takes
as their own.

You lose 1 Glory Point. In addition, subtract 1
from your champion’s Wounds characteristic
for the remainder of the campaign.

Notorious Bully : Your champion enjoys
throwing their not-inconsiderable weight around.

At the start of the battleshock phase, you can
pick 1 friendly unit within 3" of your champion
to be bullied. If you do so, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound, but it does not need to take a
battleshock test that phase.

Bulging Biceps: Your champion w ields oversized
weapons with ease.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made by
your champion.

Maw Tattoos: These enchanted markings devour
incoming blasts of magic.

Each time this model is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this model.

Prodigious Girth: Your champion has now
secured numerous v ictories, and the feasting that
followed has only added to their impressive bulk.

Add 1 to your champion’s
Wounds characteristic.

Blood Hungr y : Your champion leads from the
front, eager for a taste of fresh meat.

Add 1" to your champion’s Move characteristic.

Relentless Marauder : Your champion is always
hunting for food and leaves a blazing trail of
destruction in their wake.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by your champion while your
champion is wholly within enemy territory.

Choose 1 artefact of power from the Ogor
Mawtribes allegiance abilities for your
champion to carry. Your champion can have
more than one artefact of power as long as none
are duplicates.

10

Beastmuncher : Your champion’s appetite knows
no bounds. It is said that they once devoured an
entire lavaconda before it had even cooled.

At the end of the combat phase, if any attacks
made by your champion in that combat phase
destroyed any enemy MONSTERS , you can heal
up to D6 wounds allocated to your champion.

11

Cunning Brute: Your champion is surprisingly
adept at sniffing out the enemy’s weaknesses.

At the start of your first hero phase, you gain 1
additional command point.

12

Pulverising Strike: Your champion holds their
weapon high and lets loose a mighty roar before
bringing it down with devastating force.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat
phase, you can say your champion wi l l attempt
a ki l ling blow instead of fighting. If you do so,
pick 1 enemy model within 1" of your champion
and roll a dice. On a 4 or 5, the target model
suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6, the target
model is slain. If your champion has a mount,
they can still be picked to fight later in that
phase, but only their mount can attack with any
melee weapons it has.


PAGEBREAK
97

BEASTS OF EVERWINTER FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Iceblooded: Grievous wounds wrought upon
this creature’s flesh quickly freeze up and close,
allowing it to swiftly recover from any injury.

At the start of each of your hero phases, roll a
dice. On a 4+, you can heal 1 wound allocated to
this model.

Terror of the Tundra: Enemies flee in terror as
this monstrous creature slams into their lines.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units within 6" of this model if this model
made a charge move in the same turn.

Gargantuan Monster : This mighty creature

towers over others of its kind.

Add 1 to this model’s Wounds characteristic.

4

5

6

Sacred Fang: Your champion’s warriors see this
creature’s presence on the battlefield as an omen
from Gorkamorka.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
units wholly within 12" of this model.

Fury of Winter : On the verge of death, this
creature can enter a terrible killing rage.

Once at the start of any phase, you can say that
this model wi l l use its reserve of strength. If you
do so, until the end of that phase, use the top row
on that model’s damage table, regardless of how
many wounds it has suffered.

Mountain-shaking Charge: When this beast

puts its head down and charges,
terrify ing speed.

it moves with

Add 1 to charge rolls made by this model.

T he ogor charge hit the lines of the Stormcast
Eternals with the force of a comet. Hulking
Ogor Gluttons pulled aside shields with their
bare hands and caved in breastplates with mighty
swings of their weapons, laughing hear tily as they
did so. Yet their good humour turned to a growing
frustration with every Stormcast that fell, as edible
flesh and bone was transmuted into celestial
lightning.
‘Gork’s bones!’ roared the Tyrant Rug Skullchewer in
exasperation.
‘Meat that runs away from yeh? Pah!’
He spat a mouthful of bloody phlegm in disgust and
took in the chaotic battle raging around him.
Through a press of blubber and shining metal, Rug
saw a par ticularly fancy-looking cove, clad in ornate
armour and w ielding a sword and hammer. This
champion was bellow ing over the clangour of battle as
he hacked his way through the Tyrant’s warriors.
‘Victory shall be ours!’ the human exclaimed.
An ev il smile crossed Rug’s face.
‘Now there’s
some good eatin’,’ he said.
Shouldering his way through the mass of bodies, the
Tyrant
lumbered towards the g ilded duellist, thrusting
outward with his beastskewer glaive. Somehow, his
foe brought a broadsword up in time, and heavens-

wrought metal clashed with rugged iron and stone.
Sparks flew and time seemed to stand still. Neither
able to force an opening, Stormcast and ogor locked
their weapons together, staring hatefully at one
another as they matched their streng th.
‘You shall not triumph, beast,’ growled Sunshield.
‘You will feast only upon the edges of our blades.’
In answer, snapping his head forwards and baring
his great yellow teeth, Rug clamped his maw around
the Stormcast’s helmet. There was a sickening crunch
as metal and bone crumpled beneath the ogor’s
power ful bite.
The Stormcast flopped to the ground, his
headless body already erupting into a cascade of
golden lightning.
For a brief moment, Rug tasted rich and delicious
flesh, perhaps the finest flavour he had ever sampled.
Then he felt the mouthful of gristle fizzle and
disappear, scorching the saliva from his mouth as it
evaporated between his grinding teeth and left him as
hungry and irritable as ever.
The Tyrant gave a long-suffering sigh.
‘I hate these blighters,’ he said, and went in search of
more heads to crush.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

98

This section includes Ogor Mawtribes warscrolls and warscroll battalions. Updated October 2019; the warscrolls
printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GUTBUSTER WARGLUTT

Gutbuster Warglutt

Led by the hulking warlords known as Tyrants, Gutbuster Warglutts are relentless forces of destruction that chew
their way across the realms. Consisting of packs of fat-bellied ogors, smoke-belching cannons and blood-smeared
shamans, they fight not for glory or ambition but simply to stuff their greedy mouths with fresh meat.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Tyrant’s Gutguard battalion

• 1 Goremand battalion

• 1 Butcher’s Band battalion

• 1 Junkmob battalion

ABILITIES
The Mawpath: Armies scatter and
kingdoms tremble as the ogors’
nomadic feast grinds relentlessly on.

At the start of your hero phase in the
first battle round, each friendly unit
from this battalion can make a move
of D6". Roll separately for each unit.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

TYRANT’S GUTGUARD

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GOREMAND

99

ORGANISATION

• 1 Tyrant

• 0-2 Ironblasters

• 1-3 units of Ironguts

ABILITIES
Wall of Fat : The Gutguard’s main role is to put their
imposing bulk in the path of any of attacks directed at
their Tyrant.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly TYRANT from this battalion
while it is within 3" of a friendly IRONGUTS unit
from this battalion. On a 4+, that wound or mortal
wound is negated. That unit of IRONGUTS then
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Tyrant’s Gutguard

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BUTCHER’S BAND

ORGANISATION

• 1 Butcher

• 1-3 units of
Leadbelchers

• 1-3 units of
Ogor Gluttons

• 1 unit of Ironguts

ABILITIES
Well-fed Warriors : Under the command of a Butcher,
these warriors anticipate a glorious meal after
every battle.

At the start of your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to each friendly unit from this battalion
that is wholly within 12" of the BUTCHER from
this battalion.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Slaughtermaster

• 1-3 units of
Leadbelchers

• 1-3 units of
Ogor Gluttons

• 1 unit of Ironguts

ABILITIES
The Tyrant’s Butcher : The Slaughtermaster acts as
the Tyrant’s personal chef. Their meaty concoctions
are enough to make nearby ogors all but drown in
their own drool.

The SLAUGHTERMASTER from this battalion can use
its Great Cauldron ability twice in each of your hero
phases instead of once.

Goremand

WARSCROLL BATTALION

JUNKMOB

ORGANISATION

• 1-3 units of Gnoblars

• 1-2 Scraplaunchers

ABILITIES
Don’t Eat Me, Boss!: Gnoblars are desperate to avoid
being eaten by their ogor overlords and fight with
surprising ferocity.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of Piles of Old

Scrap used by any GNOBLAR SCRAPLAUNCHERS

from this battalion while they are within 3" of any
GNOBLAR units from this battalion that have 20 or
more models.

Butcher’s Band

Junkmob


PAGEBREAK
100

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ALFROSTUN

Alfrostun

An Alfrostun is a savage raiding army forged by the wintery w i l l of its Frostlord. Moving swiftly over battlefields
of ice and snow, it precedes the Everwinter, a wall of cold that scours the land. Naught is left in its wake but ruined
cities and empires picked clean of every last shred of meat.

ABILITIES
Alfrostun Avalanche: When an entire Alfrostun stampedes towards its foes, it
is akin to an unstoppable avalanche that sweeps away all before it.

When using the Grasp of the Everwinter battle trait and rolling a dice for
each enemy unit within 3" of a unit from this battalion, subtract 1 from
the roll.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Frostlord on Stonehorn
or Thundertusk

• 1 Jorlbad battalion

• 1 Eurlbad battalion

• 1 Torrbad battalion

• 1 Skal battalion


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

JORLBAD

WARSCROLL BATTALION

EURLBAD

101

ORGANISATION

ORGANISATION

• 1 Huskard
on Stonehorn

• 1-3 Stonehorn
Beastriders

• 2-4 Mournfang
Pack units

• 1 Huskard
on Stonehorn

• 1-3 Stonehorn
Beastriders

• 2-4 Mournfang
Pack units

ABILITIES
Tip of the Hunting Spear : Charging at the forefront
of any Alfrostun’s attack, the Jorlbad are the first to hit
the enemy lines.

At the start of your hero phase in the first battle
round, each friendly unit from this battalion can
make a move of D6". Roll separately for each unit.

Jorlbad

ABILITIES

Crush, Mangle, Tenderise : Those that face the

destructive attentions of the Eurlbad are assured of a
brutal death.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon used by a model from this battalion is
6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

Eurlbad

WARSCROLL BATTALION

TORRBAD

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SKAL

ORGANISATION

• 1 Huskard
on Thundertusk

• 3-9 Thundertusk
Beastriders

• 0-3 units of
Icefall Yhetees

ABILITIES
Heat-numbing Chi l l: Amidst the driving snow rides
the Huskard Torr atop his lumbering Thunder tusk.
His Torrbad is the herald of winter, a cold wind
rolling out across the land to freeze the enemies of the
Alfrostun, blind them with raging blizzards and make
them easy prey for the Beastclaw warriors.

At the start of your hero phase, roll 1 dice for each
enemy unit within 3" of any units from this battalion.
On a 2+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Torrbad

ORGANISATION

• 1-6 Icebrow Hunters

• 2-10 units of Frost Sabres

ABILITIES
Hunting Pack : Icebrow Hunters range out from the
Alfrostun’s flanks in search of prey. At their whistled
command, Frost Sabres bound forth from the gloom,
tearing apart the target with fang and claw.

Add 1 to charge rolls for units from this battalion
while they are wholly within 12" of another unit from
this battalion.

Skal


PAGEBREAK
102

8

6"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

TYRANT

Tyrant

The ferocious war-leaders of the Gutbuster warglutts, Tyrants are living mountains of
iron and blubbery flesh. Despite their girth, they move with surprising speed, hacking
their prey into bloody chunks for easier consumption.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ogor Pistols

MELEE WEAPONS

Thundermace
Beastskewer Glaive
Gulping Bite

Range

12"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Range

1"
3"
1"

Attacks

3
2
1

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-1
-

Damage

D3

Damage

3
D3
1

3

4

5

6

Fateseeker: This Tyrant has travelled far
and wide across the Mortal Realms and
survived to tell the tale.

Thundermace: When brought down in an
overhead smash, the resulting shock wave
explodes outwards from the point of impact.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Thundermace is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound in addition to any normal damage. If
the target unit has more than 3 models, on an
unmodified 6, that attack inflicts D3 mortal
wounds instead of 1.

COMMAND ABILITY

Bully of the First Degree: Tyrants use abrupt

violence to help them maintain an iron rule over
their warglutt.

You can use this command ability in your
hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
GUTBUSTERS unit within 3" of a friendly model
with this command ability. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds, but you do not have to take
battleshock tests for that unit for the rest of
the battle.

This model has a Save characteristic of 3+
instead of 4+.

Longstrider: An ogor with the big name
Longstrider is capable of running down a
sprinting rhinox.

This model has a Move characteristic of 8"
instead of 6".

Giantbreaker: A Giantbreaker

is
adept at slaying especially large and
notorious creatures.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by this
model’s weapons when they are used for
an attack that targets a MONSTER .

Wallcrusher:

Some ogors are so strong
that they can bludgeon their way through a
castle wall.

You can re-roll 1 wound roll for 1 attack
made with 1 melee weapon each time this
model attacks. In addition, you can re-roll
wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this model that target a unit
that is part of a garrison.

DESCRIPTION

A Tyrant
is a single model armed with a
Thundermace, Beastskewer Glaive, Gulping Bite
and Ogor Pistols.

ABILITIES

Beastskewer Glaive: A Tyrant uses their

beastskewer glaive to disembowel

their foes.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Beastskewer Glaive that targets a HERO
or MONSTER is 6, the Beastskewer Glaive has a
Damage characteristic of D6 instead of D3 for
that attack.

Big Name: A Gutbuster Tyrant usually adopts a
big name based upon their most renowned traits.

When you select this unit to be part of your
army, you can choose or roll one of the following
big names to apply to this model. Record this
information on a piece of paper.

D6
1

Big Name

Deathcheater: An ogor that has escaped
cer tain doom is seen as being blessed
by Gorkamorka.

This model has a Wounds characteristic of
9 instead of 8.

2

Brawlerguts: Combining brutish streng th
with devastating bulk, this ogor enters
combat like an avalanche.

You can add 1 to wound rolls for attacks
made by this model if it made a charge
move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, HERO, TYRANT


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

7

6"

8

5+

Slaughtermaster

SLAUGHTERMASTER

Slaughtermasters have entirely lost themselves to their cravings, hacking off their
limbs and replacing them with rusty hooks and blades. They drag a cookpot into battle
behind them so that they may boil up a tasty broth even as they slice up their prey.

MELEE WEAPONS

Stump Blades
Gulping Bite
Motley Assortment of Weapons

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

2D6
1
3

To Hit

3+
3+
5+

To Wound

3+
3+
5+

Rend

-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

103

DESCRIPTION

A Slaughtermaster is a single model armed with
Stump Blades and a Gulping Bite.

CREW: This model has a Gnoblar crew
that attack with their Motley Assortment of
Weapons. For rules purposes, the crew are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

5-6

Bonecrusher : The Slaughtermaster shovels
great handfuls of ribs and skulls into his
mouth. As he chews, the enemy’s bones
begin to snap and break.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit within 6"
of this model. On a 4+, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Rockchomper spells.

Rockchomper : The Slaughtermaster hurls a
handful of beast fangs into his cauldron. As the
gastromantic magic swells, nearby ogors find
their teeth elongated and their jaws swollen with
animal power to the point that they can chomp
straight
through the toughest stone.

Rockchomper has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit of OGOR
GLUTTONS wholly within 18" of the caster that
is visible to them. Until the start of your next
hero phase, if the unmodified wound roll for an
attack made with that unit’s Gulping Bite is 6,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target
in addition to any normal damage and that unit
can heal 1 wound allocated to it.

ABILITIES

Bloodgruel: Bloodied chunks of meat are
ritualistically devoured by the Gulping God’s
shamans in order to cast their gastromantic
powers. They have been known to choke on these
pieces from time to time.

Roll a dice each time a this model successfully
casts or unbinds a spell, after the effects of the
spell have been resolved. On a 2+, you can heal
1 wound allocated to this model. On a 1, this
model suffers 1 mortal wound.

Great Cauldron: Lashed to a Slaughtermaster is
a great cauldron containing the bloodied remains
of former foes, which the ogor gobbles down in
order to unleash gastromantic powers.

In your hero phase, you can say that this model
wi l l reach into its cauldron and feast on the
contents. If you do so, roll a dice and consult the
table below.

D6
1

2

Effect

Bad Meat: The Slaughtermaster suffers
from a violent bout of indigestion.

This model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Troggoth Guts: The Slaughtermaster
gobbles down the slippery innards of a
Troggoth to transfer the beast’s uncanny
healing powers to himself and his allies.

You can heal D3 wounds allocated to this
model. In addition, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to each friendly OGOR unit
wholly within 12" of this model.

3-4

Spinemarrow : The Slaughtermaster sucks
out the marrow from a gory spinal column,
empowering his allies.

Pick a friendly OGOR unit wholly within
12" of this model. Add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons by
that unit until the start of your next
hero phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, HERO, WIZARD, BUTCHER,
SLAUGHTERMASTER


PAGEBREAK
104

7

6"

8

5+

Butcher

WARSCROLL

BUTCHER

The Gulping God speaks through the blood-smeared shamans known as Butchers.
Channelling the gastromantic magic of their deity, these swollen brutes can cause the
very earth to come alive and munch upon their foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Tenderiser
Cleaver
Gulping Bite

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
3
1

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-2
-

Damage

3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Butcher is a single model armed with a
Gulping Bite and one of the following weapon
options: Tenderiser ; or Cleaver.

ABILITIES

Bloodgruel: Bloodied chunks of meat are
ritualistically devoured by the Gulping God’s
shamans in order to cast their gastromantic
powers. They have been known to choke on these
pieces from time to time.

Roll a dice each time this model successfully
casts or unbinds a spell, after the effects of the
spell have been resolved. On a 2+, you can heal
1 wound allocated to this model. On a 1, this
model suffers 1 mortal wound.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Voracious Maw spells.

Voracious Maw : The Butcher’s great hunger
manifests itself, and the ground splits to reveal a
tooth-lined, bottomless pit that hungrily snaps
and snarls.

Voracious Maw has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. After resolving any damage,
roll a dice. On a 1, 2 or 3, the maw is said to be
satisfied and the spell ends. On a 4+, the target
unit suffers D3 additional mortal wounds. Keep
repeating this process until the maw is satisfied
or the target unit is destroyed.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, HERO, WIZARD, BUTCHER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

4

6"

6

5+

Ogor Gluttons

OGOR GLUTTONS

Ogor Gluttons are hulking, muscle-bound brutes driven entirely by an unending
desire for food. They thunder into battle like an avalanche of sweaty flesh, taking great
bites out of their foes even as they hack and tear with crude clubs and cleavers.

105

MELEE WEAPONS

Club(s) or Blade(s)
Gulping Bite

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
1

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-
-

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Paired Clubs or Blades: Most ogors agree that

two weapons are better than one.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
paired Clubs or Blades is 6, that attack inflicts 2
hits on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

Ironfist: An ironfist
is used to bat aside an
opponent’s attacks before punching them in
the face.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets a unit armed
with Ironfists is 6, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

A unit of Ogor Gluttons has any number of
models. The unit is armed with a Gulping Bite
and one of the following weapon options: Club or
Blade and Ironfist; or paired Clubs or Blades.

CRUSHER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Crusher. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s Club(s) or Blade(s).

BELLOWER: 1 in every 6 models in this unit
can be a Bellower. Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 6" of any Bellowers.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 6 models

in this unit can be a Beast Skull Bearer, and 1
in every 6 models in this unit can be a Tribal
Banner Bearer.

Beast Skull Bearer : You can re-roll charge
rolls for this unit while it includes any Beast
Skull Bearers.

Tribal Banner Bearer : Add 1 to the Bravery

characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Tribal Banner Bearers.

LOOKOUT GNOBLAR: Any Tribal Banner

Bearers in this unit can have a Lookout Gnoblar.
Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
inflicted by a missile weapon to a unit that
includes any Lookout Gnoblars. On a 6, that
wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, OGOR GLUTTONS


PAGEBREAK
106

4

6"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

IRONGUTS

Ironguts

Ironguts are the meanest ogors around, the elite warriors of their warglutt. Protected
by thick metal armour-plates and carr y ing immense two-handed weapons, they wade
into the thick of the fighting, hacking and bashing their foes to bloody chunks.

MELEE WEAPONS

Mighty Bashing Weapon
Gulping Bite

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
1

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

3
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Ironguts has any number of models,
each armed with a Mighty Bashing Weapon and
Gulping Bite.

GUTLORD: 1 model in this unit can be a
Gutlord. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s Mighty Bashing Weapon.

BELLOWER: 1 in every 4 models in this unit
can be a Bellower. Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 6" of any Bellowers.

RUNE MAW BEARER: 1 in every 4 models in
this unit can be a Rune Maw Bearer. If an enemy
unit fails a battleshock test within 6" of any Rune
Maw Bearers, you can roll a dice. On a 6, add D3
to the number of models that flee.

In addition, each time a unit with any Rune Maw
Bearers is affected by a spell or endless spell, you
can roll a dice. If you do so, on a 6, ignore the
effects of that spell or endless spell on that unit.

ABILITIES

Down to the Ironguts: It is not often that an

Ogor Mawtribe’s battle line falters, but when it
does so, the Tyrant will call upon their Ironguts to
turn the battle back in their favour.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, if at least 1
OGOR model from your army has fled the battle,
you can use this ability. If you do so, you can
re-roll hit, wound and save rolls of 1 for this unit
until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, IRONGUTS

5

6"

8

6+

Gorgers

WARSCROLL

GORGERS

Inflicted with a curse that ensures they can never satiate their terrible hunger, Gorgers
lope into battle in a frenzied rage, tearing opponents limb from limb and stuffing the
bloody remains into their oversized maws.

MELEE WEAPONS

Long Claws
Distensible Jaw

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

2
D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Gorgers has any number of
models, each armed with Long Claws and a
Distensible Jaw.

ABILITIES

Ambushing Hunters: Their minds filled with
eternal bloodlust, Gorgers race ahead of the
main tribe looking to feast first upon the flesh of
the enemy.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is set
up in ambush as a reserve unit. If you do so, at
the end of your first movement phase, you must
set up this unit on the battlefield more than 9"
from any enemy units.

Insatiable Hunger : When the scent of food
catches their nostrils, nothing can get between a
Gorger and their prey.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, GORGERS


PAGEBREAK
4

6"

6

5+

WARSCROLL

Leadbelchers

LEADBELCHERS

The blackpowder-obsessed gunners known as Leadbelchers lumber into battle,
blasting away with their massive guns and utilising them as makeshift bludgeons
should the foe be foolish enough to engage them in hand-to-hand combat.

107

MISSILE WEAPONS

Leadbelcher Gun

MELEE WEAPONS

Bludgeoning Blow
Gulping Bite

Range

12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

D3

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Leadbelchers has any number of
models, each armed with a Leadbelcher Gun,
Bludgeoning Blow and Gulping Bite.

THUNDERFIST: 1 model in this unit can be a
Thunderfist. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Bludgeoning Blow.

ABILITIES

Thunderous Blasts of Hot Metal: The salvoes

fired by Leadbelcher guns can blast a target apar t.

This unit’s Leadbelcher Guns have an Attacks
characteristic of D6 instead of D3 if this unit did
not make a move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, LEADBELCHERS

9

7"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

Ironblaster

IRONBLASTER

The most destructive blackpowder weapon deployed by the Gutbuster warglutts, the
Ironblaster is an immense cannon that hurls solid shot into the heart of the enemy ’s
ranks, blasting foes into scraps of charred meat.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ironblaster Cannon: Cannon Bal l
Ironblaster Cannon: Hail Shot

MELEE WEAPONS

Gunner’s Clubber
Rhinox’s Sharp Horns
Scrapper’s Jagged Blade

Range

24"
12"

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
6

Attacks

3
2
2

To Hit

4+
3+

To Hit

3+
4+
5+

To Wound

2+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
5+

Rend

-2
-1

Rend

-
-1
-

Damage

D6
1

Damage

2
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

An Ironblaster is a single model armed with an
Ironblaster Cannon, Gunner’s Clubber, Rhinox’s
Sharp Horns and Scrapper’s Jagged Blade.

L ethal Payload: An Ironblaster’s barrel can be
filled with a single, massive cannon ball or stuffed
with handfuls of deadly hail shot.

Before attacking with an Ironblaster Cannon,
choose either the Cannon Ball or Hail Shot
missile weapon characteristics for that
shooting attack.

Rhinox Charge: A Rhinox’s double-horned skull
can inflict considerable damage when it charges
into the foe.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks made
with this model’s Rhinox’s Sharp Horns if this
model made a charge move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, RHINOX, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, IRONBLASTER


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

108

9

7"

5

4+

GNOBLAR SCRAPLAUNCHER

Gnoblar Scraplauncher

The height of Gnoblar ingenuity is the Scraplauncher, a catapult that hurls bucketfuls
of razor-sharp metal high into the air to rain down upon the enemy. Despite its crude
construction, it is a surprisingly lethal war machine.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Piles of Old Scrap

MELEE WEAPONS

Gnoblar Scrappers’ Weapons
Rhinox’s Sharp Horns

Range

6"-36"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3

Attacks

7
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

5+
3+

Rend

-

Rend

-
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

1
D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Gnoblar Scraplauncher is a single model
armed with Piles of Old Scrap, Gnoblar
Scrappers’ Weapons and Rhinox’s Sharp Horns.

Deadly Rain of Scrap: Salvaged enemy weapons
and lethal shards of metal rain down upon the
enemy’s
ranks.

Add 1 to hit rolls and increase the Damage
characteristic to D6 for attacks made with
Piles of Old Scrap if the target unit has 10 or
more models.

Rhinox Charge: A Rhinox’s double-horned skull
can inflict considerable damage when they charge
into the foe.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks made
with this model’s Rhinox’s Sharp Horns if this
model made a charge move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, RHINOX, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, GNOBLAR SCRAPLAUNCHER

1

5"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

GNOBLARS

Gnoblars

Devious little creatures obsessed with scooping up scrap metal and other detritus,
Gnoblars perform a variety of tasks for their ogor masters, including charging into
battle in a vast screeching mob.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Sharp Stuff

MELEE WEAPONS

Motley Assortment of Weapons

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Gnoblars has any number of models,
each armed with Sharp Stuff and a Motley
Assortment of Weapons.

GROINBITER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Groinbiter. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s Motley Assortment of Weapons.

Screeching Horde: Gnoblars are surprisingly
dangerous in large numbers.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons while it has 10 or more models.

Trappers: These cunning creatures
specialise in
fighting dir ty and laying nasty traps.

Roll 1 dice for each enemy unit that is within 3"
of a model from this unit after that enemy unit
finishes a charge move. On a 6, that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, GROT, OGOR MAWTRIBES, GUTBUSTERS, GNOBLARS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

13

3+

9

FROSTLORD ON STONEHORN

Frostlord on Stonehorn

A Frostlord and their Stonehorn are an unstoppable force. The warlord’s booming
voice directs the raiders while the bodies of foes are broken and ground to a bloody
paste by the horns and hooves of their granite-boned steed.

109

MELEE WEAPONS

Frost Spear
Punches and Kicks
Rock-hard Horns
Crushing Hooves

Range

2"
1"
2"
2"

Attacks

4
3

D6

To Hit

3+
3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-2
-1

Damage

3
1
3
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Rock-hard Horns

6
5
4
3
2

Crushing Hooves

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Frostlord on Stonehorn is a single model
armed with a Frost Spear and Punches
and Kicks.

MOUNT: This model’s Stonehorn attacks with
its Rock-hard Horns and Crushing Hooves.

ABILITIES

Earth-shattering Charge: Enemies are crushed

and trampled beneath the unstoppable ferocity of
a Stonehorn’s
charge.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks
made with this model’s Rock-hard Horns and
Crushing Hooves if this model made a charge
move in the same turn.

Stone Skeleton: The thick, rock-like skeletons of
these beasts can take substantial punishment.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

COMMAND ABILITY

Bellowing Voice: With his booming voice, the
Frostlord signals the hunt.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll charge rolls for
friendly BEASTCLAW RAIDERS units that are
wholly within 12" of that model when the charge
roll is made.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, STONEHORN, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER, HERO,
FROSTLORD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

110

13

3+

9

FROSTLORD ON THUNDERTUSK

Frostlord on Thundertusk

A Frostlord who rides to battle on a Thundertusk is a blizzard-cloaked warlord, a true
herald of the Everwinter. The permanent aura of cold emanating from their mount has
chilled the ogor’s very soul, leaving them a pitiless master of the frozen wastes.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Frost-wreathed Ice

MELEE WEAPONS

Frost Spear
Punches and Kicks
Colossal Tusks

Range

18"

Range

2"
1"
2"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

4
3
4

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

3
1
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Frost-wreathed Ice

12
10
8
6
4

Colossal Tusks

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Frostlord on Thundertusk is a single model
armed with a Frost Spear and Punches
and Kicks.

MOUNT: This model’s Thundertusk attacks
with its Colossal Tusks and Frost-wreathed Ice.

COMMAND ABILITY

Bellowing Voice: With his booming voice, the
Frostlord signals the hunt.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of that phase, you can re-roll charge rolls for
friendly BEASTCLAW RAIDERS units that are
wholly within 12" of that model when the charge
roll is made.

ABILITIES

Blasts of Frost-wreathed Ice: Thunder tusks can

focus the cold between their tusks into blasts of ice
that hit like cannonballs.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Frost-wreathed Ice. Instead, pick
1 enemy unit within 18" of this model that is
visible to it and roll the number of dice shown
on the damage table above. Add 1 to each roll if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
each roll instead if the target unit has 20 or more
models. For each 6+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Numbing Chi l l: Winter storms gather about
these mythical creatures,
freezing and slowing any
enemy foolish enough to close in.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this model.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, THUNDERTUSK, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER, HERO,
FROSTLORD


PAGEBREAK
111

Bellowing with a voice that could start a landslide,

this Frostlord orders his warriors to lay waste to the enemy.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

112

12

4+

8

HUSKARD ON STONEHORN

Huskard on Stonehorn

Many Huskard Jorls and Huskard Eurls lead their warriors from atop the backs of
formidable Stonehorns. Together,
the beasts and their brutish riders are master line-
breakers, using their impressive strength to batter their way through all obstacles.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Harpoon Launcher
Chaintrap

MELEE WEAPONS

Punches and Kicks
Rock-hard Horns
Crushing Hooves

Range

20"
12"

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

3

D6

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-

Rend

-
-2
-1

Damage

D3
3

Damage

1
3
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Rock-hard Horns

6
5
4
3
2

Crushing Hooves

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

COMMAND ABILITY

A Huskard on Stonehorn is a single model armed
with Punches and Kicks and one of the following
weapon options: Harpoon Launcher ; Chaintrap;
or Blood Vulture.

MOUNT: This model’s Stonehorn attacks with
its Rock-hard Horns and Crushing Hooves.

Earth-shattering Charge: Enemies are crushed

and trampled beneath the unstoppable ferocity of
a Stonehorn’s
charge.

L ine-breakers: In the wake of a Huskard on
Stonehorn come waves of Mournfang riders who
decimate enemy lines with precision charges.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
MOURNFANG PACK unit that made a charge
move in the same turn and is wholly within 12"
of a model with this command ability. If you
use that unit’s Mournfang Charge ability in that
phase, add 2 to the damage inflicted by attacks
made with that unit’s Tusks instead of 1.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks
made with this model’s Rock-hard Horns and
Crushing Hooves if this model made a charge
move in the same turn.

Stone Skeleton: The thick, rock-like skeletons of
these beasts can take substantial punishment.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Blood Vulture: Blood vultures are vicious
predators that help lead the Alfrostuns to prey.

If this model is armed with a Blood Vulture, at
the start of your shooting phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 30" of this model that is visible to
it and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, STONEHORN, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER, HERO,
HUSKARD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

12

4+

8

HUSKARD ON THUNDERTUSK

Huskard on Thundertusk

The Huskard Torr leads the Thundertusks to war. At the ogor elder’s command, the
creatures breathe out gales of frost. The ground on all sides grows thick with ice as
enemies are turned into gleaming statues and the very life is leeched from their bones.

113

MISSILE WEAPONS

Harpoon Launcher
Chaintrap
Frost-wreathed Ice

MELEE WEAPONS

Punches and Kicks
Colossal Tusks

Range

20"
12"
18"

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

3
4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
See below

To Wound

4+

Rend

-
-

Rend

-
-1

Damage

D3
3

Damage

1
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Frost-wreathed Ice

12
10
8
6
4

Colossal Tusks

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Huskard on Thundertusk is a single model
armed with Punches and Kicks and one of the
following weapon options: Chaintrap; Harpoon
Launcher ; or Blood Vulture.

MOUNT: This model’s Thundertusk attacks
with its Colossal Tusks and Frost-wreathed Ice.

Blizzard Speaker : The Huskard Torr is said to be
the master of the Everwinter and can harness its
supernatural cold to unleash upon their foes.

In your hero phase, this model can chant one
of the following prayers. If it does so, pick one
of the prayers and then make a prayer roll by
rolling a dice. Add 1 to the roll for each other
friendly THUNDERTUSK within 18" of this
model. On a 1-3, the prayer is not answered. On a
4+, the prayer is answered.

Winter’s Endurance: If this prayer is answered,
pick 1 friendly BEASTCLAW RAIDERS unit
wholly within 18" of this model. You can heal D3
wounds allocated to that unit.

Winter’s Streng th: If this prayer is answered,
pick 1 friendly BEASTCLAW RAIDERS unit
wholly within 18" of this model. Until the start
of your next hero phase, add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons by that unit.

ABILITIES

Blasts of Frost-wreathed Ice: Thunder tusks can

focus the cold between their tusks into blasts of ice
that hit like cannonballs.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Frost-wreathed Ice. Instead, pick
1 enemy unit within 18" of this model that is
visible to it and roll the number of dice shown
on the damage table above. Add 1 to each roll if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
each roll instead if the target unit has 20 or more
models. For each 6+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Numbing Chi l l: Winter storms gather above
these mythical creatures,
freezing and slowing any
enemy foolish enough to close in.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this model.

Blood Vulture: Blood vultures are vicious
predators that help lead the Alfrostuns to prey.

If this model is armed with a Blood Vulture, at
the start of your shooting phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 30" of this model that is visible to
it and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, THUNDERTUSK, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER, HERO,
PRIEST, HUSKARD


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

114

12

4+

7

STONEHORN BEASTRIDERS

Stonehorn Beastriders

The ground shakes under a Stonehorn’s headlong charge, each footfall a bell-toll of
doom. From its back, a pair of Beastriders bring down foes with snapping chaintraps
and harpoons, hauling in their k i l ls to add to the Mawtribe’s meat har vest.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Harpoon Launcher
Chaintrap

MELEE WEAPONS

Punches and Kicks
Rock-hard Horns
Crushing Hooves

Range

20"
12"

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

6

D6

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

4+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-

Rend

-
-2
-1

Damage

D3
3

Damage

1
3
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Rock-hard Horns

6
5
4
3
2

Crushing Hooves

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

Stonehorn Beastriders are a single model armed
with a Harpoon Launcher and Punches and
Kicks. In addition, they are armed with one of
the following weapon options: Chaintrap; or
Blood Vulture.

MOUNT: This model’s Stonehorn attacks with
its Rock-hard Horns and Crushing Hooves.

ABILITIES

Earth-shattering Charge: Enemies are crushed

and trampled beneath the unstoppable ferocity of
a Stonehorn’s
charge.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks
made with this model’s Rock-hard Horns and
Crushing Hooves if this model made a charge
move in the same turn.

Stone Skeleton: The thick, rock-like skeletons of
these beasts can take substantial punishment.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Blood Vulture: Blood vultures are vicious
predators that help lead the Alfrostuns to prey.

If this model is armed with a Blood Vulture, at
the start of your shooting phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 30" of this model that is visible to
it and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, STONEHORN, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER,
STONEHORN BEASTRIDERS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

12

4+

7

THUNDERTUSK BEASTRIDERS

Thundertusk Beastriders

The Everwinter clings to the Thundertusks and follows them wherever they tread, the
air around them thick with glimmering frost. Guided into battle by a pair of savage
Beastriders, these mammoth beasts smash and grind their prey to bloody ruin.

115

MISSILE WEAPONS

Harpoon Launcher
Chaintrap
Frost-wreathed Ice

MELEE WEAPONS

Punches and Kicks
Colossal Tusks

Range

20"
12"
18"

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

6
4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
See below

To Wound

4+

Rend

-
-

Rend

-
-1

Damage

D3
3

Damage

1
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Frost-wreathed Ice

12
10
8
6
4

Colossal Tusks

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

Blood Vulture: Blood vultures are vicious
predators that help lead the Alfrostuns to prey.

If this model is armed with a Blood Vulture, at
the start of your shooting phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 30" of this model that is visible to
it and roll a dice. On a 2+, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

DESCRIPTION

Thundertusk Beastriders are a single model
armed with a Harpoon Launcher and Punches
and Kicks. In addition, they are armed with one
of the following weapon options: Chaintrap; or
Blood Vulture.

MOUNT: This model’s Thundertusk attacks
with its Colossal Tusks and Frost-wreathed Ice.

ABILITIES

Blasts of Frost-wreathed Ice: Thunder tusks can

focus the cold between their tusks into blasts of ice
that hit like cannonballs.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Frost-wreathed Ice. Instead, pick
1 enemy unit within 18" of this model that is
visible to it and roll the number of dice shown
on the damage table above. Add 1 to each roll if
the target unit has 10 or more models. Add 2 to
each roll instead if the target unit has 20 or more
models. For each 6+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Numbing Chi l l: Winter storms gather above
these mythical creatures,
freezing and slowing any
enemy foolish enough to close in.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this model.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, THUNDERTUSK, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MONSTER,
THUNDERTUSK BEASTRIDERS


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

116

7

6"

7

5+

Icebrow Hunter

ICEBROW HUNTER

An Icebrow Hunter is a cunning stalker who utilises their surroundings to launch
ambushes with the aid of their Frost Sabres. Not only do they slay opponents with
spear and bolt, they also have the power to breathe a k i l ling blizzard over their foes.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Great Throwing Spear
Hunter’s Crossbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Hunter’s Culling Club
Gulping Bite

Range

9"
12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
1

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Rend

-
-

Damage

D3
D3

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

An Icebrow Hunter is a single model armed with
a Great Throwing Spear, Hunter’s Crossbow,
Gulping Bite and Hunter’s Culling Club.

Icy Breath: Flasks of distilled Frost Sabre blood
allow these ogors to unleash torrents of deadly ice
upon their foes.

In your shooting phase, you can say that this
model wi l l attack with its Icy Breath instead of
attacking with its missile weapons. If you do so,
pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of this model that is
visible to it and roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Masters of Ambush: Always on the move,

Icebrow Hunters range ahead of their Alfrostun
and strike with devastating speed.

Instead of setting up this model on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say
that it is set up in ambush as a reserve unit. If you
do so, when you would set up a friendly FROST
SABRES unit, instead of setting up that unit on
the battlefield, you can say that it is joining this
model in ambush as a reserve unit. 1 unit can
join this model in this way.

At the end of your movement phase, you can
set up this model anywhere on the battlefield
that is more than 9" from any enemy units. You
can then set up any unit that joined this model
in ambush wholly within 12" of this model
and more than 9" from any enemy units. Any
reserve units in ambush that are not set up on
the battlefield before the start of the fourth battle
round are destroyed.

Mighty Throw : The beginning of the hunt is
signalled by a massive spear that glides through
the air before punching deep into the flesh of
their quarry.

This model can run and still shoot with its
Great Throwing Spear later in the same turn. In
addition, this model’s Great Throwing Spear has
a Damage characteristic of D6 instead of D3 and
a Range characteristic of 18" instead of 12" if it
ran in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITY

Lead the Skal: With a roar,

this hunter beckons
the Frost Sabres at their side to chase down the
enemy and show no mercy.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
FROST SABRES unit that is wholly within 12"
of a friendly model with this command ability.
Until the end of that phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristics of that unit’s melee weapons.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, HERO, ICEBROW HUNTER


PAGEBREAK
2

9"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

Frost Sabres

FROST SABRES

Beasts of winter, Frost Sabres bound across the landscape like shadows ghosting over
the snow. Icy blood runs in their veins, and their prey seldom sees them coming until
they feel the bite of the great cats’ sword-like fangs.

117

MELEE WEAPONS

Elongated Fangs

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Frost Sabres has any number of models,
each armed with Elongated Fangs.

Their Master’s Voice: Obeying without

hesitation, Frost Sabres race down the enemy on
the flanks of every Icebrow Hunter.

Add 3 to charge rolls for this unit if it is wholly
within 16" of a friendly ICEBROW HUNTER
when the charge roll is made.

In addition, add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of
this unit while it is wholly within 16" of a friendly

ICEBROW HUNTER .

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, FROST SABRES

WARSCROLL

4

9"

6

6+

Icefall Yhetees

ICEFALL YHETEES

Icefall Yhetees are savage creatures of the frozen wastelands. They appear from the
howling blizzard that follows in the Beastclaw Raiders’ wake to hack apart their prey
with weapons touched by magical frost.

MELEE WEAPONS

Claws and Ice-encrusted Clubs

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Icefall Yhetees has any number
of models, each armed with Claws and
Ice-encrusted Clubs.

ABILITIES

Aura of Frost: Thick plumes of ice surround these
winter creatures.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this unit.

Bounding Leaps: Many a foolish general has not
anticipated the speed at which these creatures can
close in over short distances.

This unit is eligible to fight in the combat phase if
it is within 6" of an enemy unit instead of 3", and
it can move an extra 3" when it piles in.

Invigorated by the Blizzard: To the primitive

Yhetees, Thunder tusks are walking gods of the
Everwinter and to fight at their side is to be filled
with the power of the supernatural
storm.

This unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn if it is wholly within 16" of a friendly
THUNDERTUSK when the charge roll is made.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, ICEFALL YHETEES


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

118

6

9"

6

4+

Mournfang Pack

MOURNFANG PACK

Ogors mounted on Mournfangs wield clubs, blades and pistols, firing point-blank into
their foes before laying about them with brutal abandon. Their foul-tempered beasts
trample and gore anything unfortunate enough to get in their way.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ironlock Pistol

MELEE WEAPONS

Culling Club or Prey Hacker
Gargant Hacker
Tusks

Range

12"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

3
2
4

To Hit

3+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-
-1
-1

Damage

D3

Damage

2
3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Mournfang Pack unit has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Culling Club or Prey
Hacker and Ironfist; or Gargant Hackers.

MOUNT: This unit’s Mournfangs attack with
their Tusks.

SKALG: The leader of this unit is a Skalg.
A Skalg can be armed with an Ironlock Pistol
addition to their other weapons.

in

HORN BLOWER: 1 in every 4 models in this
unit can be a Horn Blower. Add 1 to charge rolls
for this unit while it includes any Horn Blowers.

BANNER BEARER: 1 in every 4 models
in this unit can be a Banner Bearer. Add 1 to
the Bravery characteristic of this unit while it
includes any Banner Bearers.

ABILITIES

Ironfist: An ironfist
is used to bat aside an
opponent’s attacks before punching them in
the face.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets a unit armed
with Ironfists is 6, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Mournfang Charge: Heels dig deep into the
flanks of the Mournfangs,
spurring them forward
in rage as they lower their tusks ready for impact.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks made
with this unit’s Tusks if this unit made a charge
move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, BEASTCLAW RAIDERS, MOURNFANG PACK


PAGEBREAK
7

6"

6

5+

WARSCROLL

FIREBELLY

Firebelly

Wandering shamans who worship Gorkamorka as the Sun-eater, Firebellies gobble
up the spiciest and deadliest ingredients in order to stoke the flames within their gut.
Should an enemy stray too close, they w i l l be immolated with a gout of fiery breath.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Fire Breath

MELEE WEAPONS

Basalt Hammer

Range

6"

Range

2"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

3+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

119

DESCRIPTION

A Firebelly is a single model armed with Fire
Breath and a Basalt Hammer.

ABILITIES

Fire Breath: Fiery morsels are consumed by this
ogor moments before a torrent of flame is spat
back out at the enemy.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Fire Breath. Instead, pick 1 enemy
unit that is within range of the attack and roll

a dice. On a 4+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast one spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Cascading Fire-cloak spells.

Cascading Fire-cloak: The Firebelly creates

a shield of fire around himself, scorching
nearby foes.

Cascading Fire-cloak has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, roll 1 dice for each enemy unit
within 3" of the caster. On a 4+, that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

In addition, if this spell is successfully cast, add
1 to save rolls for attacks that target this model
until the start of your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, HERO, WIZARD, FIREBELLY

4

6"

7

5+

WARSCROLL

Maneaters

MANEATERS

Maneaters are swaggering mercenaries who have travelled the realms and ki l led and
eaten all manner of foes. Wielding a variety of esoteric weaponry robbed from distant
lands, they cut an imposing sight as they car ve their way across the battlefield.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Pistols and Throwing Stars

MELEE WEAPONS

Slicers and Bashers
Gulping Bite

Range

12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

4
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Maneaters has any number of models,
each armed with Pistols and Throwing Stars,
Slicers and Bashers, and a Gulping Bite.

ABILITIES

Been There, Done That: Having travelled the
realms and fought against every conceivable
enemy, Maneaters have developed their own
unique combat styles.

After armies have been set up but before the first
battle round begins, pick 1 ability to apply to this
unit from the following list:

Brawlers: You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this unit.

Crack Shots: You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made with missile weapons by this unit.

Striders: This unit can run and still charge later
in the same turn.

Stubborn: Do not take battleshock tests for
this unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, OGOR, OGOR MAWTRIBES, MANEATERS


PAGEBREAK
120

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed in this table allows you to take
a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger units are
taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their size. If
a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized unit. Units
that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that has any of the
keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by an Ogor Mawtribes army. Updated October 2019;
the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

OGOR MAWTRIBES

WARSCROLL

Ironblaster
Gnoblar Scraplauncher
Ogor Gluttons

Stonehorn Beastriders

Thundertusk Beastriders

Butcher
Firebelly
Icebrow Hunter
Slaughtermaster
Tyrant
Frostlord on Stonehorn
Frostlord on Thundertusk
Huskard on Stonehorn
Huskard on Thundertusk

Frost Sabres

Gorgers
Gnoblars

Icefall Yhetees

Ironguts

Leadbelchers

Maneaters

Mournfang Pack

Gutbuster Warglutt
Tyrant’s Gutguard
Goremand
Butcher’s Band
Junkmob
Alfrostun
Jorlbad
Eurlbad
Torrbad
Skal
Great Mawpot

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is a

BEASTCLAW RAIDER

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is a

BEASTCLAW RAIDER

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is an ICEBROW

HUNTER

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is mounted on a

THUNDERTUSK

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is a

GUTBUSTER

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is a
GUTBUSTER and unit has 4 or
more models

Battleline in Ogor Mawtribes
army if general is a

BEASTCLAW RAIDER

1
1
3

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

2

1
20

3

4

2

3

2

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

1

1
1
12

1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

12

3
60

12

12

12

12

12

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

1

120
120
120/400

300

300

140
120
120
140
160
400
390
320
340

40

80
100/270

110

220

80

180

140

80
120
140
140
100
80
120
140
120
100
0

Ar t i l ler y
Ar t i l ler y
Battleline

Behemoth

Behemoth

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Scenery

FACTION

Ogor Mawtribes

ALLIES

Aleguzzler Gargants, Troggoths


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?


PAGEBREAK
DESTRUCT ION BATTLETOME:
ORRUK WARCLANS

With a mighty cry of ‘Waaagh!’,
Mortal Realms to their core.

the warclans of the orruks shake the

Since the earliest days of the Age of Myth, the orruks have been
bashing up anyone and anything they can get their hands on. Brutal
Ironjawz clad in thick armour smash through the enemy with bellicose
joy, while the insane Bonesplitterz tirelessly hunt down the mightiest
of monsters. When these greenskins fight together under a powerful
boss, the resulting Big Waaagh! can unleash an unstoppable tide of
destruction.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY MONSTERS & MERCENARIES

Dangers abound throughout the Eightpoints. Dark forests and
shadowy caves conceal monstrous horrors, while across the land all
manner of deadly champions seek out new challengers to test their
blades against. Each day is a battle for survival, and in this realm of
endless carnage only the mightiest warbands can hope to prosper.
Those who achieve glory in battle may even be able to compel such
monsters and heroes to fight by their side, providing them with a
deadly edge in the brutal conflicts that rage across the land.

In pursuit of these a l lies, warbands of a l l kinds – be they depraved
worshippers of Chaos, cursed heralds of Death, brutish followers of
Destruction or noble champions of Order – cross the lands on a ll
manner of deadly quests. They pass into the darkest places of the
Eightpoints in search of greater power, and hunt down the most
fearsome of monsters to bind to their cause. Many fail, and find
nothing more than a grisly demise in a beast’s
stomach or at the tip
of a rival’s blade. Yet
those who succeed become legends in their own
right, champions of battle and bloodshed whose deeds w i l l be spoken
of for evermore!


PAGEBREAK
