
PAGEBREAK
The roar of the orruk race at war is loud
enough to shake the Mortal Realms
to their foundations. These hulking,
green-skinned warriors live to fight. To
them, war is the entire reason for their
existence. They will punch, smash, gouge,
slash and headbutt everything that stands
before them until only the mightiest
warriors are left standing, and they love
every moment of
it.

With every act of violence they commit,
the orruks worship the great god
Gorkamorka, the two-headed god of
Destruction. It was he who slaughtered
the mightiest monsters of the realms
in the Age of Myth, and it is he who
invigorates the orruk hordes with strength
and manic energy through the raw primal
power of the Waaagh! When the orruks
gather in great number, when they raise
their voices together in a ground-shaking
bellow of battle lust, the pulsing green
magic of Gorkamorka turns them from
an argumentative rabble into a crashing
tide of muscle and armour that sweeps all
before it.

Stomping forward at the head of the
greenskin hordes come the Ironjawz,
hulking armoured orruks that are
brutality made flesh. Howling and
bellowing alongside them come the
Bonesplitterz,
frenzied orruks who have
warlike energy thrumming through their
addled brains. Stamping and shouting
as their shamans bring the wrath of the
greenskin god upon the foe, the orruks
are constantly on the warpath. They know
nothing of
fear and never tire in their
endless quest for carnage.

In the face of such reckless aggression,
no civilisation can stand for long. It is all
but certain that one day the realms will
belong to the orruks.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

Kunnin’ Rukk ...............................90
Snaga Rukk ...................................91
Teef Rukk ......................................91
Gordrakk, The Fist of Gork ........92
Megaboss on Maw-krusha .........93
Orruk Megaboss ..........................94
Orruk Warchanter .......................95
Orruk Weirdnob Shaman ..........95
Orruk Brutes.................................96
Orruk Gore-Gruntas ...................96
Orruk Ardboys .............................97
Ironskull’s Boyz............................97
Wurrgog Prophet .........................98
Savage Big Boss ............................98
Maniak Weirdnob .......................99
Wardokk ........................................99
Savage Orruks ............................100
Savage Boarboys.........................100
Savage Big Stabbas .....................101
Savage Orruk Morboys .............101
Savage Boarboy Man iaks..........102
Savage Orruk Arrowboys .........102

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES ...............................103

THE ORRUK RACE ............4

IRONJAWZ .................................8

Bestial Realms ..............................10
The Making of a Warclan ...........12
Warclans of Infamy .....................14

BONESPLITTERZ....................16

Spirit of a Savage God .................18
Horns of the Beast .......................20
Bonesplitterz of the Realms .......22

LEGACY OF DESTRUCTION . . 24

Gordrakk, The Fist of Gork ........26
Brutal and Cunning ....................28
Ironclad Hordes ...........................30
Power of the Waaagh! .................32
Great Green Clans .......................34

FISTS OF IRON.................38

SAVAGE HORDES .............44

GREAT GREEN FURY .............48

PAINTING YOUR ORRUKS . . .50

ARMIES OF THE
WAAAGH! .........................54

IRONJAWZ
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES . . . . . .55

Ironjawz Battle Traits ..................55
Ironjawz Command Traits .........56
Ironjawz Artefacts of Power .......57
Ironjawz Mount Traits ................58

Warchanter Warbeats .................58
Ironjawz Spell Lores ....................59
Ironsunz ........................................60
Bloodtoofs .....................................61
Da Choppas...................................62
Battleplan:
Tornado of Destruction ..............64

BONESPLITTERZ
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES . . . . . .66

Bonesplitterz Battle Traits ..........66
Bonesplitterz Command Traits ..67
Bonesplitterz
Artefacts of Power .......................68
Bonesplitterz Spell Lores ............69
Bonegrinz ......................................70
Icebone...........................................71
Drakkfoot......................................72
Battleplan: Beast Hunt ................74

BIG WAAAGH!
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES . . . . . .76

Big Waaagh! Battle Traits ...........76

PATH TO GLORY.....................78

Orruk Warband Tables ...............80

WARSCROLLS..........................84

Brawl ..............................................84
Ardfist ............................................86
Brutefist .........................................86
Gorefist ..........................................86
Ironfist ...........................................87
Weirdfist ........................................87
Big Rukk ........................................88
Brutal Rukk...................................90
Kop Rukk ......................................90

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Destruct ion Battletome : Orruk Warclans © Copyr ight Games Workshop Limited 2019. Destruct ion Battletome : Orruks , GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer,
Stormcast Eterna ls , and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions , images , names , creatures , races , vehicles, locations, weapons, characters , and the d ist inct ive l ikenesses
thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited , variably registered around the world. A l l R ights Reserved .

No part of th is publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transm itted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechan ica l , photocopying ,
recording or o therw ise , without the prior permission of the publishers .

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in th is book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidenta l .

British Cata loguing-in-Pub lication Data. A cata logue record for th is book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer ta in Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult supervision . Whatever your age, be care fu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-932-2

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The destructive rampages of the orruks are feared throughout the Mortal Realms. Wherever their
brutal warclans tread, carnage on a massive scale is sure to follow.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
THE ORRUK RACE

THE ORRUK RACE

The warclans of the orruks are a big green fist that slams into the guts of the Mortal Realms with each new day.
Followers of Gorkamorka, the god of destructive, primal violence, they fight purely for the savage joy of fighting.
Ironjaw and Bonesplitter alike are caught up in a tidal wave of violence that smashes entire civilisations to rubble.

It begins with a bass rumble and a
feeling of impending doom. Slowly,
the sound on the cusp of hearing
resolves into a muffled roar, like that
of a far-off riot or the first charge of
a distant battle. A foul smell wafts
on the downwind, earthy and ripe
with an undercurrent of sweat.
Then the orruk warclans come into
view, a horde of muscular, brutish
monstrosities already at fu l l sprint.

A sense of primal dread seizes the
soul as the eye is drawn to a hundred
murderous sights, each more
frightening than the last. Armoured
hulks brandish vast two-handed
axes, war-painted maniacs ride
bristling boars, shamans gibber and
howl as they vomit green ectoplasm
and massive war leaders stand atop
colossal scaly beasts that shake the
ground with their pounding charge.
This is the march of the orruks , an
unstoppable, elemental force that
flattens all in its path.

The greenskin races are many and
varied, ranging from diminutive
snotlings the size of weasels all the
way up to Megabosses that are ten
feet tall and nearly as wide. The
most famous of all the greenskins
is the orruk. To say orruks are
warlike creatures is like saying the
infernos of Aqshy’s outer rim can
be somewhat warm. These thuggish
creatures are obsessed with battle;
they are heavily muscled devotees
of brute force and ignorance, feared
across the Mortal Realms for their
raw savagery and unrelenting
thirst for violence of all kinds.
Not a single land or continent,
not even those of celestial Azyr,
has remained unscarred by their
destructive rampages.

Orruks are quick to anger and even
quicker to escalate. When they are
fighting, they feel a sense of savage
joy that thr i l ls through them and
drives them to even greater acts of
violence. Orruks thrive on conflict,
growing bigger and stronger the

language of his kind. Orruks often
wear armour of metal or bone that
is bound with tough leather and
sinew onto their muscular frames.
Trophies are common and are worn
to boast of their superiority over past
ki l ls , particularly of large monsters
or powerful foes. All orruks like to
show off and most prize ‘shiny stuff ’
much as a magpie does, even if they
don’t really understand how it works.
Though they despise civilisation
and learning, it would be wrong to
say they place no value on books,
scrolls and libraries. After all, they
always make excellent kindling when
burning down cities.

The tumult of violence that typifies
an orruk invasion gives rise to a
great din of bellowing, screaming,
crashing and thundering. This can
attract even more orruks to the
same location so they can join in the
fun. Like a cast stone triggering an
avalanche, the first spark of violence
grows into a ramshackle crusade
that can tear down an entire empire.
Whole civilisations have been
ended by a Waaagh! that may have
originated with an orruk nicking
another’s lunch, misunderstanding
a perfectly good insult, or seeing a
strangely shaped cloud in the sky.

Orruks are incredibly difficult to
eradicate from an area once they
infest it, especially if that area has
lots of caves, fissures and dark places
where they could spawn young. The
scholars of Hysh believe that when
an orruk is slain and its corpse left
to rot in the right conditions, it wi l l
deliquesce into a fungal jelly. It then
puts down thin, whitish strands into
the earth below that can harness
nutrients and the inherent magical
power of the realm itself. From this
greenish flesh sac comes the young
of the race, glistening and pallid,
gnawing their way free from the
meaty jelly of their progenitor. These
gangly, fang-mawed horrors wi l l
slither into somewhere dark and
wet, red eyes glinting in the gloom

more of it they have. Their culture
is robust and strong, a crude
and primal meritocracy that all
orruks instinctively understand.
If one orruk feels like he is a better
candidate for rulership than another,
he can simply challenge his boss to
a fight – and if he wins convincingly
enough, he becomes the leader
instead. Of course, this rough-and-
ready system carries with it a definite
risk, which stops the entire race
from self-destructing: an orruk that
launches a leadership challenge had
better be sure he can win, because if
he doesn’t have the might to back it
up, he has a short lifespan indeed.

In appearance, an orruk makes for
a daunting sight. His bucket jaw juts
out, filled with jagged yellow fangs
perfect for tearing meat. His skin
ranges from olive green to a dark
emerald hue, depending on realm
and region, but it is always tough
and leathery, infested with ticks
and with scars much in evidence.
His stance is squat and his spine
bent, lending a low centre of gravity
that makes orruks stable and hard
to fell. Porcine, red eyes gleam
from under a heavy brow, and the
stench of rotten food wafts from his
mouth when he shouts, swears and
bellows in the rough and utilitarian

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
as they take shelter in a fissure or
crevice. They eke out an existence by
eating cave vermin, and occasionally
punching each other, until they are
big, green and muscular enough to
hunt proper prey. Roaming at will ,
they join the first warclan they find
as ‘yoofs’. Before too long, the young
orruks wi l l have become warriors
in their own right, ready to fight
and die at the slightest provocation.
There is evidence that the magic of
the Waaagh! accelerates this process;
should a battlefield of fallen orruks
be left in shadow for long enough,
it may become something ak in to
a birthing ground that spawns a
new generation of psychotic green
horrors soon ready for another
colossal conflict.

When a Waaagh! is in fu l l flow,
it becomes something ak in to a
catastrophic natural disaster. The
green-skinned tides of orrukdom
break upon the cliffs of civilisation,
battering them to rubble over the
course of several sustained assaults.

The ground shakes as if in fear of
the rumbling of iron-shod feet, the
air fills thick with a thunderous din
and chasms and fissures split open
as the land itself is riven through
by the anarchic force of Waaagh!
energy. The massed orruks care not
at a l l whether they are fighting to
destroy the nations of Order, Chaos
or even Death itself – they w i l l tear
down a Chaos tyrant’s Dreadhold
or an undead fortress ra ised in
the wake of the necroquake just as
happily as they would sack a Lord-
Castellant’s nascent city.

There are two ma in reasons – if
they can be seen as reason at a l l –
that the orruks cause destruct ion
on such an epic sca le . The first is
that the orruks believe they were
made to fight and w in . It rea l ly
doesn’t matter who, how, where,
when, why or what they fight, nor
even which tools of war they fight
w ith . Just so long as someone gets
a good k ick ing , the orruks w i l l
be content.

The second reason is that orruks
despise weakness, especially that
part of weakness that seeks to
manufacture its own strength
in ways they do not understand.
Though some orruks can be quite
ingenious when it comes to making
new ways of bashing, clubbing or
impaling their victims, they see
things like blackpowder weapons,
well-made castle walls and duardin
flying machines as ‘cheatin’. They
despise any methods by which those
smaller than themselves try to rise
to the top when they should really
be violently put back in their place.
Theirs is a simple cultural truth, one
that sees the orruks thrive most of
all in Ghur, where that creed defines
even the landscape of the realm.
Orruks want nothing more than to
tear down the false strength of other
nations until no stone stands atop
another, destroying the gimmicks,
crutches and props of civilisation,
for they complicate that most
fundamental truth of reality – that
might makes right.

THE WAAAGH!
When orruks go to war, the resultant crusade of
savagery is called a Waaagh! – a word that can only
be properly pronounced at ear-splitting volume.
This is also the term for the signature greenskin war
cry, a communal, guttural bellow that wrenches its
way out of the souls of the orruks. This is not a word
so much as a death knell, for it has sounded the
doom of countless nations from across the realms
throughout time.

Not all Waaagh!s are created equal. One that includes
thousands roaring at the top of their lungs wi l l be
more powerful and long-lasting than the war cry of a
single mob of unruly orruks. Similarly, the nature of a
Waaagh! can vary depending on the orruks that give
it voice. The deep bass roar of the Ironjawz lends them
raw strength, and they have to be pretty strong to cart
all that metal around with them in the first place. So
invigorated are they that their fighting style – which
can be best summarised as that of a battering ram
– can see them punch through shieldwalls and snap
limbs in their gauntleted hands as if they were no more
than twigs.

The war cry of the Bonesplitter clans invigorates the
orruks with a manic, almost frantic energy. This
drives them onward, lending them ferocity and lasting
stamina enough to hack apart the enemy in a rain of
successive blows, or charge down even the colossal
beasts of Ghur’s primordial savannah.

Similarly, not all Waaagh!s are launched on purpose.
Greenskins are creatures of instinct and emotion
over careful planning and military logic. When one
orruk gets it into his head to punch another, even if
only in a row over a prize haunch of human meat, the
resulting fist fight can grow into an outright brawl.
This in turn can trigger a rising tide of aggression that
sees the biggest and ugliest orruk bash his mates into
something approximating a military formation and
point it at the nearest non-greenskin stronghold in
the search for a ‘proper fight’. Before you know it, the
hordes are on the march once more.

When the clans raise their voices as one, their cultural
differences are put aside, and they become a pure
expression of all that is orruky and fierce. This is
known as a Big Waaagh! A hurricane of belligerent
energy, it sends Ironjawz and Bonesplitterz alike into
a state of such furious battle lust they can break an
enemy army in a single charge. Sometimes even the
land itself comes alive, with the earth grinding, trees
uprooting and skies turning lurid green in the furore.
Choosing when to unleash the Waaagh! is a major
component of the orruk art of leadership, and there are
none more skilled at this than Gordrakk, the Fist of
Gork. Gordrakk’s Great Waaagh! is the most powerful
of all . It can raise a surge of raw battle lust from not
only greenskins of all stripes and nations, but also
ogors, gargants and even troggoths, uniting the savage
hordes in a single cataclysmic assault.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
When the forces of Destruction and Order meet, the carnage that follows is total. Roaring their barbarous
praises to the Great Green God, the warclans overpower their foes through a mixture of brutal might and
sheer savagery. Even the celestial power of the cosmos can do little to stymie this onslaught of violence.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
IRONJAWZ

IRONJAWZ

The biggest and strongest of all the orruks are the Ironjawz – or so they insist, anyway, and woe betide those who
disagree with them. These are the armoured fist of Gorkamorka’s endless hordes, each new charge hitting like a
stampede of metal-clad rhinoxen. Then, as choppas hack and spiked clubs bludgeon, the real carnage begins.

The Mortal Realms resound to the
thunder of war, and the Ironjawz
are right in the thick of it. These
orruks epitomise the side of the
greenskin psyche that is brutal
rather than cunning. They favour
raw strength and resilience over
all that complicated brainy stuff
they call ‘finkin’. Some say their
simple approach to warfare makes
them easy to outwit or to avoid, but
underestimating the Ironjawz is a
foolish mistake indeed. They are still
clever enough to know how to lay
simple traps, hide their numbers,
and even bully lesser greenskins
into their service as cannon fodder.
Though the Ironjaw warclans are
not as numerous as those of other
greenskins, even the lowliest Ardboy
is a massive and well-armoured thug.

how long that may take. Even when
they are beaten back, they gain
strength. An orruk that fights long
and hard, even if he loses, wi l l put on
more muscle mass and have a fiercer
temperament than one who is on
the march. This also applies on the
level of mass warfare. If the Ironjawz
hear of another clan of orruks at war,
they wi l l cross chasms, raging rivers
and streams of lava – sometimes by
piling the bodies of their victims
high enough to simply walk across
– in order to get to the action. They
wi l l march double time to reach
the fray and to weigh in, hopefully
showing up their rivals in the
process. If they get there too late,
they wi l l simply aim a new Waaagh!
at the nearest targets, and so the
whole process begins over again.

When the Ironjawz go to war, they
do so with the sole intention of
destroying their enemy, no matter

The weapons and armour of the
Ironjawz are crude but effective,
much like the orruks that use them.

Simple weapons of iron and steel are
popular. Some are heavy and blunt
but for a profusion of spikes, while
others are made to be as jagged and
sharp as possible. Their weapons
split shields, cave in helms and crush
skulls as the thumping rhythms
of the Warchanters spur these
hulking orruks on to ever greater
acts of carnage. Not all are simple
bludgeons and axes, for the rough
ingenuity of the orruk manifests
in the creation of their most prized
weapons – some have crude blade-
breakers, saw teeth or claws that can
pull an enemy’s guard wide open
before the killer blow slams in.

The signature iron armour of these
hulking orruks is often cannibalised
from the scrap metal taken from the
last culture to fall under their blades.
The Ironjawz do not have smiths
as such, nor do they trust grots to
fashion their equipment for them –

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
instead they batter and punch the
metal into shape with their gnarled
fists and elbows until it wi l l fit their
hulking bodies. This may take hours
– or even days – to achieve, but as it’s
essentially having a fight with a big
piece of metal, the Ironjawz get quite
a lot out of it. Though often kept in
a state of battle-damaged disrepair
and corrosion, the resultant heavy
armour plates tend to be defined by
practicality, interlocking to allow
a wide range of movement. Those
Ironjawz who come from Ghur do
not often wear helms, hunting by
scent as much as by instinct. The
few who do wear helms have grilles
built into the nose so that they can
sniff out those enemies that might
otherwise hide from them. Most
Ironjawz keep the edges of their
armour plates sharp and spiky –
the occasional slashing accident is
considered well worth it, given that
an elbow to the throat or a knee in
the gut from the blade-sharp pig iron
can be as lethal as an axe blow from
any normal warrior.

Even the creatures the Ironjawz ride
to war are armoured and enhanced.
They are clubbed senseless before
being bound with hard leather
straps and iron rings. They are
then festooned with as many bits of
jagged metal as they can carry. This
is a fraught process, for it risks the
beast going berserk and gouging
the rider to death. Because of this,
those who have the tenacity and
force of wi l l to bind a riding beast
to their service are considered high
status within the warclan. Many
elite Ironjawz ride ill-tempered
beasts known as Gore-gruntas that
can thunder along for days on end
without tiring. When the enemy is
close, they accelerate into a snorting,
frothing charge to barrel through
the foe, biting and trampling as
they go. These creatures are to the
war boars of the Bonesplitterz as an
ogor is to a human; a Gore-grunta
weighs almost a ton even outside of
its armour. But even these are not
the most ferocious of the Ironjawz’
steeds. That honour belongs to

the Maw-krusha, a vast, scaled
behemoth with a temperament very
similar to the raging Megaboss that
rides it. These creatures are stronger
and more heavy-set than even the
Stardrakes ridden by the Stormcast
Eternals, and they relish slaughter
just for the sake of it. When several
Maw-krushas get into the fray
at once, they barrel towards the
enemy as a wall of muscle, scale and
armour, crushing all before them
under their destructive bulk. Those
heroic or foolhardy enough to give
them a good fight are soon engaged
by the Megabosses that ride atop
the stomping, roaring beast, and
they find themselves battling two
monsters of war at the same time.

Like the eye of a raging hurricane,
the Megabosses of the Ironjawz
stand in the centre of seething mobs
of orruks , directing the carnage with
bellows of rage and judicious acts of
violence. Their natural dominance
over the warclans has seen them
unite entire orruk nations at once.

THE TWIN-HEADED GOD
The booming laughter and thunderous footsteps
of Gorkamorka have resounded across the Mortal
Realms since time immemorial, for there can be no
natural law without destruction. Gorkamorka is not
one god but two, having long ago torn himself apart
after a particularly violent falling out with himself.
These two halves are known as Gork and Mork.
Some orruk shamans believe these may have been his
original incarnation, and they may even pray to one
half or the other. However, they are firmly behind the
incarnation of Gorkamorka most of the time – after
all, two heads are better than one (especially during
headbutting contests). Both gods share many aspects
of the other: Gork is brutal but cunning, while Mork
is cunning but brutal. Crude images are often found
smeared on cave walls, ruins and chasms that depict
Gork (or possibly Mork) hammering enemies with his
club or stomping them flat under his great, gnarly feet.
Ironjawz follow both Gork and Mork, though they feel
more of a kinship with Gork, whose straightforward
approach to bashing things to death really appeals
to them. When enough orruks gather together and
the promise of war is in the air, the two gods merge
together once more into Gorkamorka, a god so mighty
his footfalls split the earth .

Before he ripped himself in two, Gorkamorka was
the warrior champion of Sigmar’s pantheon of gods.
His respect was not won easily. Long ago, at the
dawn of the Age of Myth, Gorkamorka got himself

trapped in a duel within the strange demigod creature
known as Drakatoa, the Living Avalanche of Ghyrria.
Suspended in the primordial muck of that amber-
massed landslide, Gorkamorka could bring neither his
mountain-shattering might nor his base cunning into
play. Streaking from the sky came Sigmar upon his
godbeast ally Dracothion, and between his hammer
blows and the great drake’s cosmic lightning, Drakatoa
was driven back. Gorkamorka was pleased to be free,
yet he was also infuriated – never before had he been
so trapped, and never before had he required aid.

As a creature of violent emotions, his first instinct was
to attack. Hefting up his war club, the twin-headed god
knocked Dracothion senseless. Enraged, Sigmar arose
from his downed steed and began what turned into a
twelve-day battle. The tumult of the two gods trading
blows shook the Eight Realms. Where Sigmar flung
down his foe, it cast up the Mountains of Maraz, while
the scattered Gouge Canyons were made from the
strikes of Gorkamorka’s club. Such was the spectacle
that even Ghur’s most hostile predators, drawn by the
scent of godsblood, stood agog at the sheer destruction
unleashed before them. But even gods grow weary.
Seeing the wreckage they had wrought between them,
each began to grin, then to laugh. Seeing that the
strong-armed god-king had matched his own battle
lust, Gorkamorka clasped his hand and agreed to fight
alongside Sigmar rather than against him – for a time,
at least...

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bestial Realms

BESTIAL REALMS

The Mortal Realms resound to the thump of the Ironjawz on the march. Though they have conquered vast swathes
of all the realms save celestial Azyr, the warlike orruks are strongest of all in Ghur, the Realm of Beasts, where the
land itself is as rugged and predatory as the Ironjawz that originated from within it.

The Ironjawz arose from the bestial
wilds of Ghur in the primordial
days of the Age of Myth. No one
knows how they first appeared
there, only that orruks likely came
from dark forgotten places and
then surged out to take the lands
from bestial monsters and warrior
tribes alike. They have long since
fought to dominate those lands. If
any could be said to rule them, it is
the warclans under Gordrakk, the
Fist of Gork. Even during the Age
of Chaos, where the vast majority of
mortal races were under the heel of
the Dark Gods, the Ironjawz thrived.
While they have since left trails of
destruction across all the Mortal
Realms, the Realm of Beasts still
boasts the most Ironjawz, and many
of the greatest Megabosses come
from its savage kingdoms.

Ghur is home to countless dangerous
and violent lands where the strong
survive and the weak become meat.
This predatory wilderness suits
the Ironjawz just fine; endless wars
against other orruks , slavering
beasts and Chaos warriors mean
their warclans have always had an
opportunity to vent their savagery.
Just as an orruk boss imposes
dominance over their warclan, so
too do the Ironjawz dominate the
wildernesses of Ghur. Teetering
effigies to Gorkamorka, splintered
woodlands and mountains beaten
into rubble are all signs left by the
Ironjawz that they’re in charge.

atop snow-wreathed peaks or amid
subterranean cave networks that
formed labyrinths of stone. The
hinterlands were home to roving
caravans miles in length, and
palisade walls lined the hilltops like
jagged crowns. Some townships were
founded on the backs of surging
ocean monsters, others in the
canopies of drifting sky-trees. The
Ironjawz toppled one after another.
Whether a sky-borne keep flew the
banners of free peoples or the eye-
searing symbols of the minions of
Chaos mattered not to the Ironjawz,
only that they got up there somehow
and toppled it back into the d irt .

Once, the Realm of Beasts was filled
with many noble empires ruled
over by hunter kings and proud
beast lords. Their domains were set

To stop the greenskins, their enemies
constructed ever more elaborate
defences: walls laced with k i l l ing
spells, living moats that consumed

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
all who crossed them and cities
with vast piston-driven legs that
could carry them to pastures new.
All failed before the simple, savage
brutality of the Ironjawz.

As the Ironjaw armies laid waste
to Ghur, they grew in size. Under
the leadership of the mighty
Megabosses, they formed their mobs
into groups known as fists and then
even larger groups called brawls.
Guided by these powerful greenskin
warriors, they spread out into the
other Mortal Realms, following
Gorkamorka’s constant call to invade
a thousand different lands and more.

Ironjawz do not build cities, for they
are a nomadic culture, wandering
from one place to another looking
for battle and pausing only long
enough to loot before moving on.
As a warclan travels the realms,
it wi l l assert its dominance over
everything it meets, either k i l l ing
them or, should they meet other
Ironjawz, adding them to their
number. Sometimes they wi l l make

GORKAMORKA’S
RAMPAGE
The original Great Waaagh! was
started by Gorkamorka himself,
and in some ways it has never
stopped. When he was still
part of the Pantheon of Order,
Gorkamorka gladly fulfilled
the role of monster hunter,
leading his hordes in clubbing
to death the greatest predators
of the lands. The orruk god’s
tremendous success, Sigmar
claimed, served to pave the way
for civilisation to sprout up in
his wake without being preyed
upon by monstrous fiends.
Gorkamorka shrugged; he was
just doing it for the fun of it. Yet
it was not enough, especially
when the arch-manipulator
Tzeentch whispered in his ear
that he was no longer his own
ruler but Sigmar’s servant.
Gorkamorka grew tired of
the tedious commands and
laws of the Pantheon of Order,
and, finally, he snapped. The
invasion that followed shattered
everything – mountains,
citadels, thriving cities, and
even the pantheonic truce
between Sigmar and the god
of the orruks. The greenskin
crusade swept from one end
of the Eight Realms to the
other, leaving behind utter
devastation. Upon reaching the
edge of nothingness and with
nothing more than the aetheric
void before him, Gorkamorka
spat over the edge of reality,
then turned around and set off
to do it all over again.

The Great Waaagh! only ended
when Gorkamorka fractured
into two beings, Gork and
Mork. So innate was conflict
to the Great Green God that
he even fought himself. His
warlike clans likewise broke
into fragments and fought
amongst themselves, for all else
had already fallen before them
and still they thirsted for battle.
The Orruks believe that when
enough of them unite, the Great
Waaagh! wi l l reform and smash
the realms to pieces.

temporary bases in a place rich in
Waaagh! energy – maybe amongst
the bones of some colossal monster
slain during Gorkamorka’s rampages
in the Age of Myth or on the site of
a particularly good massacre. There,
they soak up the bestial essence
of the landscape, keeping busy by
fighting amongst themselves until
the largest of their number breaks
enough heads to mount a new war.

Orruks respect only strength,
and other clans sometimes forget
that the Ironjawz are in charge.
Most clans are quickly knocked
into line, though some, like
the unruly Bonesplitterz, need
constant reminding. By contrast,
tribes of grots tend to steer clear
of the Ironjawz, though they do
occasionally join forces. Even
though they are not much use for
fighting, some Ironjawz keep grots
about either for tasks such as sorting
through scrap piles and dragging
loot about or so they can throw them
into the grunta sty, which is always
good for a laugh.

There can be no mistaking the
rough handiwork of the Ironjawz,
especially that of Da Choppas
warclan, who love to inflict violence
on the landscape as well as on
their victims. One of the Ironjawz’
most famous acts of vandalism was
the defacement of the monolithic
statue of Archaon that stood over
the Manticore Realmgate. Three
times have different Ironjaw
warclans brought it down. The first
time, the Everchosen’s helm was
carved into the grinning face of
Gork, so Archaon sent a legion to
reclaim it and guard its repair. The
second time, the head was taken
off entirely and replaced with a
huge wooden grot head. Incensed,
Archaon ordered the expansion
of the Manticore Dreadhold. The
third time, the Ironjawz brought
down the walls and raised a crude
idol to Gork over the fallen statue of
Archaon. Now, a new Lord of Chaos
commands the rebuilt Manticore
Dreadhold, peering into the wastes
as orruk drums rumble in the
distance. It is only a matter of time
before the region sees a war of titanic
scale between the Ironjawz and the
forces of Archaon the Everchosen.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Making of a Warclan

THE MAKING OF A WARCLAN

A single mob of Ironjawz is enough to sack a village, but when several mobs gather together, they attain a kind
of critical mass that can see them bowl over enemy armies in a crashing tide of metal and dense green flesh. The
largest gatherings are called warclans, each fighting to outdo the others in terms of their killer reputations.

Orruks , and most especially
Ironjawz, have a natural tendency to
follow the largest, loudest and most
impressive of their number. This is
partly for the simple reason that if
they don’t get in line, they may get
a cracked skull for their trouble.
It is also a form of hero worship,
for the orruks that act most like
Gorkamorka are clearly closest to the
epitome of all that is great and green.
As a result, they are the most likely
to lead their kin to the best fighting,
and they are also the most likely to
win – and keep winning.

This logic has ramifications across
orruk society, for the biggest of their
number wi l l lead until he meets a
bigger leader, at which point he wi l l
be subsumed into the warclan of his
new boss, and so on. This same logic
of size and dominance is found no
matter whether the orruks hail from
the rusty metal mountain of Skrappa
Spill or the sweltering jungles of
Humidia in Ghyran.

Each gathering of orruks is known
as a mob, a fitting name for such
an unruly and violent assemblage.
These mobs gather together by
instinct, knowing that the more
warriors they have, the bigger the
fights they can start. The upper
limit of these multi-mob gatherings,
known as fists, is usually five. That
is the number of digits an orruk
has on one hand and, therefore, the
highest number he can comfortably
count to without making his brain
ache – though it is said Gordrakk
knows other, more exotic numbers,
such as six and even ten. There
are many kinds of fists, ranging
from Weirdfists gathered around a
Weirdnob Shaman to Ardfists that
invariably comprise lesser Ironjawz
hoping to be inspired to greatness by
a particularly loud and impressive
Warchanter. When five such fists
gather together, and when each boss
works with his rivals toward the
same goal, the resultant horde is
known as a brawl.

Each warclan has its own identity,
usually influenced by the realm in
which they spend most of their time.
They wi l l often daub themselves or
their armour in bright colours – or
bully some local grots into doing it
for them – to show their allegiance
and ensure that when they engage in
truly spectacular feats of violence,
there is no doubt about who
committed the deed. These strident
colours are complemented by the
iconography of the clan; chequered
patterns, stylised flames, jagged
‘teef ’ designs and the horned skull of
the beast are much in evidence.

Ironjaw warclans can come in
almost any size, ranging from a
single Megaboss, Warchanter or
Weirdnob Shaman followed by a
motley assortment of orruks , all
the way up to continent-spanning
Ironjaw ‘empires’ made up of
scores of bosses and hundreds of
thousands of greenskins under
the control of a single hulking
Megaboss. Most warclans’ names
are given to them by their leader
and are usually something punchy
and descriptive, all the better to
intimidate prospective enemies.
The Bloodgrinz, for instance, smear
their mouths with the blood of
those they have defeated and leave
gory handprints on their armour.
Ironjawz of the Stoneskulls Warclan
paint their armour off-white,
a reference to the bones of the
numberless undead they destroyed
across the Prime Innerlands before
the necroquake – or the ‘Deffstorm’,
as the orruks call it – came along
and spoiled all their fun.

Other warclans take their names
from the places where they were
founded. These include the black-
stained Asheater Boys of Aqshy’s
Soot Peaks, the jade-armoured
Treebitaz of Verdia and the infamous
Brutes of the Skybasha Warclan,
who have lately taken their salvaged
Kharadron scrap-hulks to the skies
of Chamon’s Spiral Crux .

The most arrogant bosses, those
who wish their names to resound
across the annals of history, insist
their warclan is named after them
and them alone. Brokkjaw’s Bitaz,
Zedek’s Weirdlads and the Hooktoof
Scrappas are all examples of such
clans, each of which is thronged with
orruks that would gladly follow their
leaders into the hellish regions of the
Realm’s Edge. These warclans tend to
be the most tightly knit of all, with
the identity of the greenskins caught
up in that of their leader, sometimes
to such an extent that if the leader
is killed in battle, the clan wi l l still
keep his name (and possibly his
skull) to ensure his spirit can watch
over the gory revenge his followers
take in his name. These Ironjawz are
so stubborn in their beliefs that they
like to claim they are never truly
defeated as long as the name lives
on, as was the case with the Grok
Skulls Warclan, who carried the
decapitated head of their Megaboss
with them so he could oversee the
eventual destruction of his enemies.
The clan’s new leader, the Weirdboss
Bhagstabba, claims to commune
with the departed Grok Skull –
whose name is now more fitting
than ever – and hence rules with a
combination of borrowed infamy
and magical power that has proven
all but unstoppable.

Regardless of its name, a warclan’s
sole reason for existing is to make
it easier to wreck everyone else’s
clans, tribes and cities as often as
possible. Raising idols, looting cities
and destructive vandalism are all
secondary to the act of expending
strength as impressively and
frequently as possible. In this sense,
warclans are purely catastrophic
forces, moving across the realms
and destroying everything and
anyone with the audacity to be in the
way. For every warclan that roams
the Mortal Realms, there is a trail
of broken empires, shattered lands
and feasting carrion birds left in
its wake.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
IRONJAW WARCLAN

MEGABOSS

BOSS

At each level in a warclan, there is
a boss to keep the boys in line. This
can be a Megaboss leading a bunch
of brawls or fists or a lesser boss in
the midst of their mob.

BRAWL

BRAWL

BRAWL

BRAWL

BRAWL

FIST

Fists are the most common fighting
formation of the Ironjawz. Some are made
up of identical mobs, such as Gorefists
and Brutefists. Many, however, are more
diverse – Ironfists, for example, have a
mix of boys to deal with any enemy the
Ironjawz might end up facing.

BRAWL

Brawls are unruly hordes
of Ironjawz, but their milling
ranks have five distinct fists, each
one gathered around a large and
impressive boss.

FIST

MOB

MOB

MOB

MOB

MOB

MOB

A mob is a catch-all name for a group of Ironjawz, and it can be anything from a handful of orruks to a
few hundred in number. Each has a boss at its head and, in the case of Ardboys, may include a banner or
totem bearer bearing the clan’s colours. Some also have drummers that pound out a thumping war beat.

SHAMANS

WARCHANTERS

Weirdnob Shamans sometimes lead
mobs, fists and brawls that are in awe
of their connection to Gorkamorka.
They may in turn follow a powerful
Megaboss whose Waaagh! lets them tap
into potent primal energy.

Warchanters can lead mobs, fists and
even brawls. Most of the time, though,
they run about like madboys, getting
the lads riled up with their endless
drumming and hollering until the
clan’s aggression reaches fever pitch.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Warclans of Infamy

WARCLANS OF INFAMY

There are thousands of warclans in existence, all hailing from different parts of the Mortal Realms, and owing to
the miraculous portals known as Realmgates, the infamy of the mightiest has spread far and wide. Knowing little
of fear, they will match themselves against entire nations and often emerge bloodied but triumphant.

for his recreational needs. He rose
through the ranks of his warclan and
many saw him as a natural choice for
the next Megaboss.

Not all the Ironsunz were oblivious
to what was happening. Guttdrukk
Fourfist, the Megaboss of Dakkbad’s
clan, got his head together with the
other bosses one night. That day, the
clan had brought down a particularly
massive gargant. During the battle,
Dakkbad stayed well out of the way
until the gargant was toppled, and
then he quickly darted in to deliver
the deathblow. As they gathered
around the behemoth’s carcass to
devour it in a midnight victory
feast, Guttdrukk called Dakkbad a
coward in front of the entire clan.
He challenged him to lead the next
hunt, if he thought he was so great,
and make a headlong charge against
the next mega-beast they saw.
Dakkbad simply shrugged, saying
he was too busy eating to fight right
then, but he accepted the challenge.
Having spotted some telltale tracks
the day before, he already had a plan
in mind.

When the sun of Hysh painted the
Ghurish savannah gold the next
morning, Dakkbad was already up
and shouting. He led his bleary-eyed
clan, still a bit worse for wear after
the feast before, into the chasms
near the gargant’s lair. There, they
followed the knuckle-tracks of the
Maw-krusha that the gargant had
kept as a pet. Dakkbad was already
leading the charge towards the
beast before anyone knew what was
happening, and not wanting to seem
weak by comparison, Guttdrukk
and his mates chased after him.
Upon hearing the orruk clan’s war
cry, the Maw-krusha gave a bellow
of outrage so loud that it burst the
eardrums and addled the minds of
all those Ironjawz nearby. Dakkbad
was the only exception. He had
filled his ears with yellowish wax
that he had scooped out of the fallen
gargant’s head the night before,

thereby escaping the worst of the
roar’s effects. He lagged back as the
Maw-krusha lunged forward and bit
Guttdrukk’s head clean off. Dakkbad
leapt, planting a foot on Guttdrukk’s
squirting neck-stump and leaping
over the Maw-krusha’s snapping jaws
to land squarely on its back. He rode
the irate beast like a bucking bronco
as it stomped, punched and gored the
rest of his rivals to death, laughing
all the while. The rest of the clan
looked on in awe. Once the beast was
sated, Dakkbad told the survivors, in
no uncertain terms, that he was now
the Megaboss, and any who disputed
it would be next in his Maw-krusha’s
belly. The creature itself, reasoning
that Dakkbad had fed him well,
deigned to let the Ironjaw stay on its
shoulders so long as there was always
a ready supply of food.

Since that day, Dakkbad and his
Maw-krusha, Bossbiter, have been
the undisputed masters of the
Ironsunz, crushing or kicking
to death any foolish enough to
challenge them. Dakkbad ensures he
is always first to the fray, Bossbiter
barrelling into the enemy as
Dakkbad decapitates his foes left and
right to show he is still in charge.

The Ironsunz have a well-deserved
reputation for being good at all that
‘finkin’ stuff, and they like to throw
their weight around amongst the
other Ironjawz warclans. They have
many Megabosses in their ranks ,
for Dakkbad surrounds himself
with other orruks that are almost as
cunning as he is – some are the best
of all their kind, able to think not
only about the plan for tomorrow
but also the day after. These
Megabosses march amongst their
Brutes in something approaching
military formations, a solid wall of
armour and hard flesh from which
the arrows and bolts of the enemy
rebound to no avail. Though they are
not exactly fast, when the Ironsunz
reach the battleline of the foe, they
strike with incredible force.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

IRONSUNZ
Dakkbad’s Ironsunz love to show off,
and since the armoured immensity
known as Dakkbad took the position
of Megaboss, they have been cockier
and more aggressive than ever.
Hailing from Ghur, but with an eye
for an opportunity, they are one
of the largest warclans currently
in existence, and they have fought
their way across every realm save
Azyr. Their armour is a distinctive,
eye-catching yellow, for the flashy
Ironsunz love to be seen, heard
and feared throughout the lands. If
anyone poses a threat to Gordrakk,
the Ironsunz say it is Dakkbad .

Dakkbad Grotkicker was once just
another Brute amongst the Ghurish
clans, known for his habit of wading
into the lesser greenskins that
followed the main body of the army
and booting them as far as he could
in all directions, just for the hell of it.
As the Ironsunz hunted the saurian
megafauna of the Gnashka Plateau,
Dakkbad picked his fights carefully,
always attacking the creatures from
the flank as his mates took the
onslaught of their claws and teeth.
Because of this innate cunning, he
survived many a beast-kill, growing
to be the largest of those of his clan
who still hunted there – nearly all
his rivals had been chomped by their
monstrous prey, in some cases quite
suddenly after being roughly shoved
from behind. Soon enough, Dakkbad
was wading into the camps of the
Ardboys and kicking them instead


PAGEBREAK
Since the Age of Chaos, the
Realmgates – already in disrepair
owing to the ravages of time since
their creation – have been corrupted,
captured, defiled and rerouted in a
thousand different ways. One who
passes through a Realmgate may end
up plunging into the nothingness
of the aetheric void or find
themselves manifesting in a lake of
boiling brass rather than emerging
at the intended destination. This
bothers the Bloodtoofs not at all –
somehow, they usually get away with
it, each Realmgate depositing them
somewhere more-or-less safe and
stable, allowing them to continue
their rampage on the other side.
Perhaps it is through blind luck,
perhaps not; certainly, their
shamans claim that it is the hand
of Gorkamorka guiding them on
their warpath across the realms, and
they may well be right.

The Bloodtoofs’ fondness for
chucking themselves through
Realmgates hails from the time
when they still sought out Gordrakk,
the Fist of Gork – without a doubt,

have far more Ardboys than they
do Brutes and Gore-gruntas, and
hence are seen as a bit less punchy
than the other prestigious warclans,
they more than make up for their
lack of sheer strength with their
commitment to their destructive
agenda. They see it as their god-
given duty to mete out anarchy and
destruction on the Mortal Realms;
it is their role to tear down, deface,
lampoon and belittle every culture
that th inks itself refined or proud
in any way. So ambitiously and
inventively do they practice their
acts of hooliganism that they insist
all the other warclans must do the
same – if a gathering of Ironjawz
isn’t causing enough trouble, Da
Choppas wi l l soon pay them a visit,
laying about them with bludgeoning
weapons and berating those they see
as ‘criminally borin’ until they have
stirred up enough trouble to ensure
the peace is no longer kept.

Unusually, the leader of Da Choppas
is not a Megaboss with a hard core
of Brute followers but a Weirdnob
Shaman – though admittedly one

he knows where the best fighting is.
Over time, however, they found that
the act of plunging through portals
was a wild ride in itself, and they
started to do it more for the thr i l l
of it than for any real endgame.
Should they find Gordrakk one day,
so much the better – if not, that’s
fine too, for somehow every portal
they barge through leads them
to another civilisation ripe for a
good kicking.

Always in a hurry to break heads and
move on to break some more, the
Bloodtoofs value speed. They have
a great many Gore-gruntas in their
armies and prize them highly, for no
matter how hard they ride them, the
beasts still keep on going.

Their gung-ho attitude to haring
around the wilderness means they
have a better understanding of
the lay of the land than any other
orruk warclan; more than one
enemy has mustered in good order
against a horde of Brutes only to find
a Gore-grunta charge thundering in
from their flank .

with the head of a Megaboss on
the end of his magickin’ stick. The
original boss, Doggrok, was so
formidable that when he came down
with a nasty case of spontaneous
combustion by green fire, his right-
hand shaman, Ka-rokk, took his
skull as a reminder that he was not
to be argued with. Since that day, all
the shaman has to do to keep order
amongst the clan is to conjure green
flames out of Doggrok’s eyesockets
and bellow anger from his jaw so
loud that the air itself screams in
protest. Even the most raucous of
Da Choppas is a little bit afraid of
Doggrok – alive or dead. When Ka-
rokk said Doggrok told him that the
clan should paint white war-checks
on their deep blue armour, they did
just that, sticking out their tongues
in concentration as they took care
to get all the fiddly bitz just right.
The leaders of the clan wear more
chequered patterns than others, for,
in the culture of Da Choppas, it is
a sign of veteran status and of close
alignment with Doggrok’s agenda of
‘duffin’ up anything that isn’t already
done over.’

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

BLOODTOOFS
It is a well-known fact that the
Bloodtoofs are not quite right in
the head. Of all the clans, it is these
red-armoured maniacs who are
the truest nomads of all, for they
charge from one part of the cosmos
to another as readily as other
people change their trousers. Led
by the wild-eyed Megaboss Braka
Skulhorn, they seek out Realmgates
and then plunge headlong through
them – much to the befuddlement
of civilised types that watch their
progress from afar with a mixture of
fear, awe and confusion.

DA CHOPPAS
Where Da Choppas go, vandalism
and rioting on an epic scale is soon
to follow. Vast statues to the Chaos
Gods are defaced in all manner of
amusing ways, priceless frescos of
the Pantheon of Order are daubed
with crude and often obscene
graffiti, and quiet arboretums and
gardens of contemplation are set on
fire by orruks that chant bawdy war
songs at the top of their voices.

Da Choppas have two things on
their side: sheer numbers and
joyous belligerence. Though they


PAGEBREAK
BONESPLITTERZ

BONESPLITTERZ

Regarded as unpredictable and weird even by their fellow greenskins, Bonesplitterz are orruks that have entirely
lost themselves to the furious energy of the Great Green God. They rampage across the realms in nomadic
warclans, hunting the great beasts of the wild, in whose bones they believe can be found raw Waaagh! spirit.

Clad in nothing but scraps of cloth,
bone armour and lurid warpaint,
the orruks known as Bonesplitterz
charge to war, the light of green
madness in their eyes. There is no
foe these wild hunters cannot run to
ground. Never stopping and never
tiring , they overtake their prey. They
riddle them with volleys of arrows
or fall upon them in a feral frenzy,
hacking away with crude stone
weapons until there is nothing left
but blood and broken bones.

While the primal fury of Waaagh!
magic boils in the veins of all orruks ,
it holds a particular significance
for the Bonesplitterz. They feel it
constantly thrumm ing through their
bones, an insistent drumbeat that
drives them relentlessly onward.
Bonesplitter warclans are bound
together by their veneration of this
strange energy, which they believe
to consist of untamed beast souls.
They are ever on the hunt, not for
food but for the wild spirits of the
great monsters that roam across
the Mortal Realms. Once their prey
has been cut down, its bones are
ripped out and worn as trophies
and its organs are mashed up to
create sacred body paint. These
tattoos and bone trinkets thrum
with mystical power, the residue of
the beast-essences trapped within.
Defying all
logic, they can deflect
an arrow or a bullet as surely as an
iron breastplate.

Amongst the many orruk cultures
that exist in the Mortal Realms,
the ca l l of the Waaagh! is heard
in various ways. To the Ironjawz,
it is a thunderous bellow of rage
summoned and spent in a brief but
utterly devastating eruption. To
the warclans of the Bonesplitterz, it
is a constant companion, a bestial
howl that ululates inside their mind.
As well as robbing them of what
little sanity they once possessed,
this Waaagh! energy suffuses their
beings, making them frighteningly
difficult to cut down. Just as it

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
hastens their strikes and hardens
their already thick hides, it also
grants them seemingly impossible
reserves of stamina. Painted orruks
pound across vast distances on their
stocky legs, barely stopping for a
breath. A foe may be faster than a
charging Bonesplitter, but few can
match their relentless stride.

No greenskin begins existence as a
Bonesplitter. Instead, the blessing
– or curse, depending on one’s
perspective – of the Great Green
God strikes seemingly at random. In
battle, a spark of Gorkamorka’s wild
rage enters the skull of every orruk .
Sometimes, when the ruckus is over,
individual warriors find that this
insistent bellowing refuses to fade
away. Unable to quieten the rattling
in their skull, the orruk in question
w i l l be driven quite mad. They w i l l
develop strange tendencies such as
collecting handfuls of broken teeth,
having long conversations with their
choppa, or beating other orruks
around the face with painted rocks.
Unsurprisingly, such odd behaviour
does not endear them to their
fellow boys, and these strange souls

are quickly and violently driven
out of their warclan. Bloodied yet
undaunted, they bound off into the
wilds in search of like-minded kin.
Strange portents and symbols sent
by Gorkamorka w i l l ultimately guide
them to the nearest Bonesplitterz
warclan. There they w i l l find a new
home, rampaging across the realms
and spreading the power of the
Waaagh! wherever they tread.

HERALDS OF THE WAAAGH!

Unlike the majority of orruk
cultures, such as the brutish
Ironjawz, Bonesplitterz warclans
are ruled not by warriors but by
shamans – the strange Wurrgog
Prophets. Seers and mystical leaders
who interpret the raging w i l l of
Gorkamorka, the prophets guide
their warclan on its headlong charge
across the realms. They seek out
omens everywhere. Clouds that look
a bit like a boar if one squints hard
enough, funny shaped trees and the
blood spattering from a recently
broken nose that seems to pool into
the image of a guiding finger – all
are considered promising signs that
point towards the next great hunt.

Despite their preference for animal
prey, the Bonesplitterz enjoy a good
brawl as much as any orruk. The
armies of Order, the worshippers
of Chaos and the deathly minions
of Nagash – none are safe when the
Bonesplitterz’ blood is up, which
it always is. Even the belligerent
Megabosses of the Ironjawz respect
the prophets’ weird powers and
their uncanny ability to sniff out
where the best scraps can be found.
Gathered in great numbers, the
Bonesplitterz act as lodestones that
focus their god’s primal power.
When a Big Waaagh! rises up, there
is usually a vast host of Bonesplitter
warclans at its fore – a fortuitous
sign from the Great Green God
that an almighty ruckus is on the
horizon. As they spit, roar and bash
their heads together in the throes of
mystical madness, the green fury of
Gorkamorka’s spirit gathers around
the Bonesplitterz like a storm front.
Nearby greenskins find themselves
swept up by the swirling aura of
violence, chanting and hollering
alongside their strange kin. When
this green catastrophe is unleashed,
it can spell the doom of empires.

THE WORLD SPIRITS
Bonesplitterz believe that each of the Mortal Realms
has its own soul, much like those of the great beasts
that they hunt. If one of these essences is ever found,
it can be captured and caged within a bone of suitable
size and grandeur. There are tales of the fiery heart
of Aqshy and the chilling ribs of Shyish, the sneaky
shadow-serpent of Ulgu and the glaring eye of Hysh.
Yet as far as the Bonesplitterz are concerned, the
greatest of all these world spirits is that of Ghur, the
Realm of Beasts.

The Wurrgog Prophets claim that Gorkamorka
created Ghur, and when he did, it took a measure of
his power as its soul. They say that this world spirit
resides somewhere in Ghur, as a land or perhaps
a creature of concentrated Waaagh! energy. Some
Wurrgog Prophets say that Ravenak, the Mouth
That Lurks Beneath the World, is the spirit of Ghur,
and thus many warclans chase his Gnashing Jaws
– manifestations of his boundless hunger – across
the land. Others say that this spirit takes the form
of a star-scraping mountain of amber, or even the
angry skies far above their heads. No two prophets
can agree on its exact nature, nor what might happen
should they ever find this place-beast, but most of
them believe that Gorkamorka himself is hunting the
same prize.

The Great Green God is worshipped by all
Bonesplitterz, but many warclans also incorporate
the world spirit of their home realm into their strange
rituals, seeing them as totemic, elemental beings of
great power. Each warclan has a unique interpretation
of these mystical entities. The Krakksku l ls of Aqshy
for instance, pay homage to Rakka Nak, a great lava
trillipede believed to have once fought Gorkamorka
across the Realm of Fire, while the ocean-dwelling
Flintjawz daub themselves with images of the twin-
headed shark spirit they call Skwidmuncha. The
Splinterfoot warclan of the Jade Kingdoms worship
Big Leef, an enormous tree beast infused with the
raging essence of Gorkamorka, and they travel vast
distances through the wildwoods in pursuit of this
mythical being.

These far-flung clans all seek the world spirit of
their home realm unceasingly, driven by maddening
visions and strange omens that only they can see. If
they were to catch up to their spirit, they would of
course attempt to club it to death and crack open its
bones. The Waaagh! magic to be found within such a
creature would be boundless. With the magic of just
one world spirit, the Bonesplitterz could surely cause
all eight of the Mortal Realms to tremble beneath their
stomping feet.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Spirit of a Savage God

SPIRIT OF A SAVAGE GOD

All greenskin cultures worship Gorkamorka in their own way. To the Bonesplitterz, the Great Green God is the
lord of beasts, master of every creature that flies, swims or crawls. They revere him with strange rituals and great
hunts, and in return they are granted a portion of his furious power.

To the Bonesp litterz , the Great
Green God is the master of beasts
and monsters, a pr ima l deity of
the hunt that blesses them with
their savage madness . They believe
that a l l an ima ls are in fused with
a portion of his rag ing spirit and
that , by k i l l ing them and pinching
their bones, they can harness
th is power for themselves . The
meaner and more ferocious the
creature , the greater the portion of
Gorkamorka’s spirit it holds w i th in .
Blessed w ith the ab i l ity to sniff
out th is rag ing essence , Wurrgog
Prophets seek out the most foul-
tempered monsters, gu id ing the
Bonesplitterz ’ great hunts across
vast d istances l ike sharks following
the scent of blood.

These hunts can take a warclan far
from its homeland. It can lead them
to new realms entirely, should the
call of Gorkamorka echo strongly
enough in a Wurrgog Prophet’s
mind. The thunderous stomping
of greenskin feet drives predators,
herd-beasts and flocks of birds before
it, as the creatures desperately try to
avoid getting crushed by the green
stampede. Larger beasts, such as
two-headed Ghurish griffons and
great drakes, have even more to
fear, for the spirits of such mighty
creatures are prized above all others.

When their quarry is finally
cornered, it is slain in a hail of
arrows and stabbing st ikkas .
Nothing is left to waste. Every

scrap of its body is either eaten or
fashioned into a crude trophy. All
Bonesplitterz know that bones and
teeth are the best and toughest bits
of any kill , and these are the first
things to be torn out by grasping
green fingers. After a vicious punch-
up or two to decide who gets the
choicest loot, the orruks wi l l adorn
themselves with their prizes. Bones
are lashed to weapons or simply
thrust straight through flesh, so their
power might bleed directly into the
warrior’s weapon or soul. In addition
to objects harvested from the corpses
of their prey, Bonesplitterz wi l l also
daub their flesh with sacred tattoos
depicting the beasts they have
slaughtered and the spirits they have
absorbed. The Wurrgog Prophets

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
mix together the paint used for these
rituals. Gall-slime, blood, crushed
beetles and squishy bits taken from
recent ki l ls are mashed together
and slathered onto flesh while the
Prophet mutters sacred words.

As the power of the Waaagh! runs
through a painted orruk’s blood,
these tattoos wi l l come alive,
thrashing and writhing on his flesh.
Other greenskins tend to find this
‘squirmy warpaint’ unsettling ,
but even they grudgingly admit
to its strange power. Bonesplitter
markings can cause incoming blades
and missiles to skip off at strange
angles, much to the consternation
of their wielders. When a Wurrgog
Prophet calls upon the beast magic
that stirs within the paint, even
incoming spells can be repulsed in a
shower of green sparks.

BESTIAL MAGIC

The close relation between the
Realm of Beasts and the Great

Green God is the source of the feral
madness that infects the Bonesplitter
warclans. The thumping war song
of the Waaagh! has been infused
with the bestial roar of Ghur in the
minds of these orruks , resulting in a
predatory drive that is quite different
to the indiscriminate impulses of
the Ironjawz.

Though they delight in acts of violent
lunacy as much as any greenskin,
there is a strange, primal kind of
logic to the Bonesplitterz’ rampages.
They hunt and k i l l not to simply
satisfy their own cravings but as a
way of life. Unlike most greenskins,
they do not let the corpses of their
prey go to waste. Likewise, though
the Wurrgog Prophets may caper
about and babble an apparent
stream of utter nonsense, there is
an undeniable power in their magic.
They have a connection to the wild
soul of Ghur that would take an
Amber Battlemage decades of study
and meditation to possess.

Where the Bonesplitter warclans of
Ghur gather in great numbers, the
power of the Waaagh! manifests in
many strange and destructive ways.
The beasts of the realms are driven
into a frothing frenzy, biting chunks
out of one another or charging
about and dementedly bashing into
things. Troggoths lumber out of
their hidden lairs to pull up trees or
headbutt mountains, and the very
earth splits apart and begins to chew
upon itself. The Bonesplitterz believe
that Gorkamorka’s foot slamming
down with godly force causes this
strange behaviour, driving their prey
into the open. In fact, it is caused
by the Waaagh! energy that swirls
around the orruks , clashing with the
raging beast spirits contained within
their bone charms. This savage aura
grows more and more potent as the
Bonesplitterz drive themselves into
a frenzy with indecipherable yells
and capering war dances, until it is
finally unleashed upon the realms
like a massive clenched fist.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Horns of the Beast

HORNS OF THE BEAST

As befitting their savage nature, the Bonesplitter warclans fashion themselves in the image of a great beast. While
the Wurrgog Prophets act as the guiding spirit that controls the greater entity, mobs of hollering boys form its
mighty jaws, encircling and clamping down upon the orruks’ prey.

The Wurrgog Prophets are the
spiritual and war leaders of the
Bonesplitterz, and it is incredibly
rare – although not entirely unheard
of – for any warclan to fight without
one of these enigmatic figures
guiding them. When battle is joined,
the Prophet stands in the eye of a
storm of frenzied Bonesplitterz,
his boys and their boars a roaring
typhoon that rages around him and
takes shape according to his mystic
wi l l . With a stamp of his feet and a
wave of his staff, he divides his boys
into mobs depending on the aspect
of Gorkamorka they best represent,
be it cunning, brutality or sheer,
unhinged ferocity. These seemingly
unintelligible commands are obeyed
instinctively and immediately by the
surrounding Bonesplitter warriors.

Guided by the Waaagh! spirit, each
mob naturally gravitates towards
others of its kind on the battlefield
to form a rukk . To call the rukks
formations is perhaps to oversell the
Bonesplitterz’ capacity for military
organisation, but they do function
with a surprising level of cohesion.
Much like the manner in which a
pack of Ghurish ice wolves hunts
as an uncannily instinctual group,
so do the rukks work together
to bring down prey many times
their size. When multiple rukks
gather together, the result is an

army that operates as if it were a
single megalithic beast made up of
thousands of whooping orruks .

The boys that form the head of the
beast are known as Kop Rukks .
They can range in size from a few
mobs right up to a sprawling horde
of many hundreds, depending on
the size of the warclan. Wardokks
and Morboys – those orruks with
the strongest connection to the
Waaagh! – fight at the centre of the
Kop Rukks . The Wurrgog Prophet
himself is typically found amongst
them, protected by a wall of painted
flesh while he summons the primal
foot stomps of Gorkamorka to
squash his enemies.

Often fighting alongside the Kop
Rukks are the Teef Rukks . Carry ing
a huge monster-killing spear known
as a Gorktoof, they form the vicious
fangs of the beast. Those who fight
in the Teef Rukks are usually the
most feral and ferocious of the
Bonesplitterz, those who froth at
the mouth at the mere thought
of impaling their prey with a big
length of wood. These orruks also
have absolutely no sense of self-
preservation, and they wi l l happily
charge into the thickest sections of
the enemy line, ignoring the hails
of bullets and bolts raining down
upon them.

The beast’s jaws are made up of
the Gob Rukks . These warriors are
divided into two main groups, one
focused on close combat, known
as the Brutal Rukk, and one with
large numbers of bow-wielding
lads, known as the Kunnin’ Rukk .
Just like Gork and Mork, these two
halves work together to create havoc
in battle; one repeatedly smashes
the enemy in the face, while the
other fills them fu l l of arrows or
bashes them from behind. Most
Ironjawz scorn the use of ranged
weapons because there is little joy
to be had in flinging a bit of wood
at some distant target. For the
Bonesplitterz, however, the bow is
a powerful and ubiquitous weapon.
There are some warclans who field
nothing but hordes of Arrowboys,
whose breathtaking inaccuracy
hardly matters when they can
fill the skies with thick clouds of
stone-tipped missiles.

Finally, there are the mounted
Snaga Rukks , which act as the horns
of the beast. Led by the Maniak
Weirdnobs and made up of Savage
Boarboy Maniaks , they use their
high mobility to attack from an
unexpected quarter before driving
deep into enemy lines, goring
ragged holes in the enemy army
with their tusks, stone blades and
reckless savagery.

F rom the rocky bluff, Jukk-Jorr could see his
lads surge towards their prey like a gigadroth’s
snapping maw. The blue-coated humans stood
fast in a rigid square, puffs of grey smoke rising from
their firesticks as whooping Boarboys circled them.
‘Gorkamorkabork!’ the Wurrgog Prophet roared,
thrusting out his squig-stikk and hopping on one foot.
At his command, the Toekrushas’ Brutal Rukks
bounded forward – jagged clumps of painted orruk
warriors, eyes ablaze with green madness. The Kunnin
Rukks rushed in from behind, firing hails of arrows
that rained down on the humans’ ranks. Jukk-Jorr
gave a toothy grin as piercing screams split the air.
The bluecoats were fixed between the gigadroth’s

gnashing teeth. Yet though Jukk-Jorr saw many
humans tumble to the ground, blood spilling from
arrow-riddled torsos, their line still held.
‘Drakkabrak!’ Jukk-Jorr cursed. The humans refused
to give way despite the fangs clamped around them,
like a particularly chewy piece of sinew.
The Prophet leapt and slammed his hands together
with a thunderous crack. Instantly, his circling
Boarboys wheeled and plunged into the flanks of the
humans’ square, like twin horns sinking into flesh.
Bodies flew as the snorting beasts slammed home,
and the bluecoats’ stern defence crumbled to pieces.
‘Grokabrog,’ said Jukk-Jorr, satisfied. The gigadroth
had its prey by the throat, and there was no escape.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ORGANISATION OF A BIG RUKK

Kop Rukks are the thick skull
wrapped around the Wurrgog
Prophet. Their job is to help channel the
Waaagh! energy generated by the warclan.

The Wurrgog Prophet is the mind
of his warclan. With visions sent
by Gorkamorka, he guides his boys
towards the best hunting grounds and
biggest fights.

Snaga Rukks are the horns of
the warclan. Led by deranged
Maniak Weirdnobs, they plunge
deep into the enemy’s flanks, causing
absolute mayhem.

Kunnin’ Rukks are Gob Rukks
led by Morka-bosses, and they
are particularly good at sticking the
enemy where it hurts before they bash
them up.

Teef Rukks wield huge
Gorktoof spears. These
massive weapons are carried into
battle with the sole purpose of k i l l ing
the largest creatures of the realms.

Brutal Rukks are Gob Rukks
led by the fearsome Gorka-
bosses. Their mobs excel in the thick
of the fight.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bonesplitterz of the Realms

BONESPLITTERZ OF THE REALMS

Bonesplitterz can be found all across the Eight Realms, rampaging across the land in search of monsters to slay.
Their customs, rituals and favoured ways of war are as varied as the lands they call home, but all are equally
terrifying foes to face when the Waaagh! takes hold of them.

BONEGRINZ
No other warclan has brought down
as many great beasts of the realms as
the Bonegrinz. Hunters without peer,
these hardy orruks drive their prey
into a maddened frenzy with volleys
of amber-tipped arrows, causing
them to whirl about and charge right
into the Bonegrinz’ waiting spears.

Though they originally hailed from
the plains of Ghur, the Bonegrinz
are a nomadic warclan and have
travelled from the Nightlands of
Shyish to the Scalding Seas of Aqshy
on their great hunts. Countless orruk
boys have abandoned their old clans
and sought out the Bonegrinz along
the way, and the warclan has grown
truly vast. They can field seemingly
endless numbers of Arrowboys
and Savage Orruks , dominating
their foes with sheer belligerence
and weight of numbers. This mass
of green flesh is liberally smeared
with blue warpaint, for blue is a
sacred colour according to the
Bonegrinz, said to attract the fiercest
beast spirits.

Leading the warclan in its endless
search for quality bones is the
Wurrgog Prophet Gurkak Weirdteef.
This wizened old orruk is gaudily
clad in the finest bones, to which he
chatters almost incessantly. Indeed,
it is from this collection that Gurkak
gathers his auguries – after inhaling
a great draught of bokkweed,
the Prophet wi l l have an intense
discussion with the ivory tusks that
dangle from his ears or the collection

of rattling bones that hang from his
belt. He wi l l then boldly proclaim
the next direction that the Bonegrinz
should charge off in. Guided by
these visions, the Bonegrinz have
sought out many legendary monsters
long thought extinct – and then
slaughtered them.

The mountain-sized Glacierhorn, the
Shadow Drake of Lost Narkath, the
Nihilith of Vond and the Blueflame
Magmadroth – all of these mythical
beasts have met the same grisly fate.
The Bonegrinz have managed to
accumulate impressive quantities of
amber realmstone taken from the
beast graveyards of Ghur, and their
prophets have mastered the art of
crafting arrowheads tipped with
shards of this osseous substance,
which is rife with the animalistic
essence of the Realm of Beasts.
Bonegrinz warriors riddle their prey
with scores of these rage-inducing
missiles. As the arrowheads sink
deep into the enemy’s flesh, they
not only cause horrific damage, but
also drive the victim into a furious,
bestial frenzy as the potent magic of
Ghur seeps into their blood. Like a
maddened rhinox, the creature wi l l
abandon all thoughts of retreat and
charge at its tormentors in a red haze
of fury. There is, of course, a not
insignificant risk that the enraged
victim wi l l get its wish and crush
several Bonegrinz into gory paste,
but this bold tactic does ensure that
the warclan always gets its prize.

As well as proving highly effective
at baiting monsters to come close
enough for a good walloping, the use
of these amber-tipped weapons has
also wreaked particular havoc upon
armies that rely upon maintaining
their shape and cohesion in battle.
When the Bonegrinz battled the elite
Freeguild regiments of Hammerhal
during the brutal Drummer’s War,
their rage-inducing arrows caused
the veteran Greatswords of the
Steel Lions regiment to break their
usually immaculate formation and

charge headlong at the approaching
orruks. Hopelessly exposed, one of
the finest units of shock troops in
the Twin-tailed City was trampled
to death by charging Boarboys,
much to the amusement of the
crazed greenskins.

Gurkak uses similar methods to
create the ‘Big Teef’ wielded by his
Big Stabbas. The warclan boasts
several of these weapons, crafted
from the teeth or tusks of monsters
that the Bonegrinz have slain and
capped with amber bone. Indeed,
the Prophet believes that each of
these weapons embodies a gnashing
fang of Gorkamorka, and when he
has gathered all of the Great Green
God’s teef, he wi l l sink them into the
bedrock of Ghur. This wi l l cause the
realm’s world spirit to spill out, so
that Gurkak and his boys can drink
it up. According to the Wurrgog
Prophet, this wi l l cause them to grow
as big as mountains.

The Bonegrinz take great pride
in their self-proclaimed status as
the finest beast hunters in all the
realms, and it is common practice
amongst the boys of the warclan to
fashion totems from the remains
of their most memorable ki l ls . The
warclan’s rukks each seek to emulate
a particular totemic animal that
they believe possesses desirable
qualities. These mobs carry totems
and other icons crafted from the
skin and bones of that creature,
which they believe wi l l grant
them its formidable attributes.
For example, the Snaga Rukk led
by Maniak Weirdnob Ukka-Tuk
idolises the notoriously ill-tempered
hammerhead gnu, a shaggy-furred
grazing beast that can pulverise an
orruk’s ribcage with a single blow
of its boulder-like skull. Ukka-
Tuk’s favourite staff is crafted from
the shin bone of one of these beasts,
and when he and his lads charge
into the enemy, they do so with
the mountain-shaking force of a
hammerhead stampede.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ICEBONE
Daubed in swirling white tattoos
with their hair dyed a frosty blue,
the Icebone hail from the glacier
caverns of the Skyblind Tundras
in Ghur. This unforgiving land
of howling ice-gales and sudden,
deadly blizzards breeds the
hardiest war boars, and it is these
belligerent creatures that the Icebone
ride to battle. The Icebone’s mounted
rukks run circles around their prey,
hacking away with icy weapons that
freeze their quarry’s blood before
charging in for the k i l l ing blow.
To the Icebone, the war boar is not
just a mount; it is a sacred creature.

DRAKKFOOT
Even by the standards of the
Bonesplitterz, the red-haired
Drakkfoot are regarded as a strange
breed. The power of the Waaagh!
swirls around this shamanistic
warclan like a thick mist, giving rise
to many Wardokks and Weirdnobs.
When the Drakkfoot embark on a
great hunt, they seek not creatures
of flesh and bone but daemonic and
spectral horrors. They clobber these
‘spookz’ with beast-infused weapons
that blast apart incorporeal matter
as easily as they crush skulls and
shatter limbs.

They worship a god of these foul-
tempered beasts that they claim
Gorkamorka once rode into battle
– the titanic, snow-white behemoth
known as Shattatusk. Pale-furred
war boars are believed to be the
godbeast’s progeny, which may
explain their uncommon hardiness
and ferocious nature. It is not rare to
see one-armed or one-footed Icebone
riders, their appendages bitten clean
off by their vicious mounts.

According to legend, when the Great
Green God battered Shattatusk
into submission, he tore one of the
beast’s icy horns off. As it struck the
ground, it splintered into a hundred
shards, forming the spirit-glaciers
within which the Icebone dwell.
These holy sites are rife with the
power of Gorkamorka, and their
azure caverns echo to the roars of
animal spirits trapped in the ice. The
Icebones hew their weapons from
the walls of their cavern dwellings,
crafting crude chompas and
st ikkas of blue ice and arrowheads
that shimmer with freezing cold
Waaagh! energy. When these sink

The Drakkfoot worship the Great
Green God with a furious intensity
uncommon to orruk-kind. Their
Wurrgog Prophets glow with
barely restrained power, their eyes
blazing and their fingertips spitting
sparks of savage energy. Any fellow
greenskin they suspect of not paying
Gorkamorka his due is subject to a
brutal and prolonged bludgeoning
– if they are fortunate enough not to
be blown to bits with a bolt of bright
green magic. Yet the Drakkfoot
reserve their greatest hatred not for
those beings made from the raw stuff
of the earth , but for those spawned
by sorcery and dark magic.

The Ashland Gorelakes, where
the Drakkfoot make their home,
have long been plagued by the
daemonic legions of the Blood God
Khorne, and – since the Shyish
necroquake – by cowled spirits in
thra l l to the Great Necromancer
Nagash. Unforgivably, neither of
these foes contain any bones for the
Drakkfoot to take. Worse still, they
wreak havoc upon the Bonepslitterz’
ancient hunting grounds, disturbing

into flesh, the latent magic within is
unleashed in a blast of lethal cold. A
snow griffon or kattanak struck with
such a weapon finds its limbs seizing
up, the blood that flows within
turned to icy crystals . Slowed to an
awkward, stumbling gait, it is unable
to flee as the Icebone wheel around
it on their war boars, hacking away
gleefully with each pass. Rime ice
slowly creeps along the beast’s body.
Soon, it is little more than a frozen
statue, and the orruks can begin
the process of carv ing it apart and
taking its bones.

The Icebone look upon the ogors
of the Beastclaw Raiders with
particular awe and often trail along
behind the creatures’ winding
Mawpaths on the very edge of
the Everwinter. On occasion,
their enthusiasm gets the better
of them and they stray into the
supernatural snowstorm, ending
up rooted to the spot as living
statues. These luckless, frozen
orruks are sometimes used as totems
by their fellow boys, brandished
enthusiastically in battle.

their ritual offerings to Gorkamorka.
The Drakkfoot see themselves as
crusaders of the Great Green God.
They believe their holy task is to
clobber every daemon and gheist in
the realms so the greenskins can get
back to the right and proper business
of k i l l ing monsters.

The Drakkfoot’s mystical powers
and furious faith make them
remarkably efficient at this task.
Their Wardokks conduct hordes of
boys in manic, stomping dances that
channel the Waaagh! Each clattering
footfall disrupts the magic that binds
their daemonic foes to the Mortal
Realms, agonising and enraging
them. Crimson tattoos painted with
the boiling blood of the Gorelakes
writhe and hiss as they ward the
Drakkfoot against unnatural
magics. Meanwhile, the orruks’
weapons – infused with the shackled
spirits of furious drakk-beasts and
wielded with utterly single-minded
conviction – can temporarily cause
gheists to turn corporeal, long
enough to be smashed apart in an
explosion of spectral matter.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
LEGACY OF DESTRUCTION

LEGACY OF DESTRUCTION

Ever since the days of the Age of Myth, the orruks have rampaged across the realms in search of a good scrap. On
the occasions that the scattered warclans have united as one mighty fist for a Big Waaagh!, entire empires and
civilisations have been smashed to rubble, their armies hacked to bits by hordes of whooping orruk boys.

THE AGE OF MYTH

THE BLESSED AND THE
BRUTISH

After battering each other to a
standstill, Sigmar the God-King
and Gorkamorka form an alliance
based on grudging respect. The
Great Green God joins the Pantheon
of Order and turns his primal rage
towards obliterating the deadliest
monsters of the Mortal Realms.
The orruks rampage forth at their
deity’s side, revelling in increasingly
catastrophic acts of destruction.

SPARK OF MADNESS

During the decades-long Ur-wyrm
War, Sigmar and Gorkamorka
ally once more to battle great
flocks of mountain-sized draconic
beasts. When the ur-wyrms are
finally slain and there are no more
enemies to bash, Gorkamorka turns
upon the God-King, giving him
a mighty headbutt. In return, the
God-King smashes Ghal Maraz
into the greenskin deity’s jaw,
temporarily knocking the sense out
of him. It is said that the sparks of
Waaagh! energy unleashed by this
blow blast through the minds of
every greenskin warrior within a
hundred leagues, turning them all
into Bonesplitterz.

THE FIRST GREAT WAAAGH!

It does not take long for Gorkamorka
to tire of his role as Sigmar’s attack
dog. Bored with serving the wi l l
of Order, the Twin-headed God

summons the first Great Waaagh!
Teeming hordes of orruks flock to
his side, and this green avalanche
rampages across the realms,
attacking anything in its path –
even former allies. The devastation
caused is unimaginable, as countless
kingdoms and continents are ground
to rubble. Finally, Gorkamorka
reaches the fathomless abyss known
as World’s End on the edge of
the Great Void. After staring into
this well of infinite blackness for
but a moment, Gorkamorka spits
a mouthful of phlegm and spins
on his heel, charging off in the
opposite direction.

THE FALL

As Sigmar’s pantheon fractures, each
deity pursuing their own secret aims,
the Dark Gods make their grand play
for dominance of the Mortal Realms.
Exploiting the weaknesses of men,
duardin and aelves, they splinter the
fragile membrane between worlds
and spill their daemonic legions into
reality. Sigmar fights back as long as
he can, but he cannot hope to stand
alone. He retreats to his capital of
Azyrheim with those of his followers
that can be saved, closing the Gates
of Azyr behind him. Gorkamorka is
too busy rampaging across the land
to bother himself with this disaster,
but many scattered orruk warclans
find worthy foes against which to test
their axes in the numberless legions
of Chaos.

THE AGE OF CHAOS

THE GREENSKIN WARS

Archaon the Everchosen tasks one of
his most trusted generals, Darkorn
the Devourer, to scour the orruk
menace from the Realm of Beasts.
The Greenskin Wars rage across
Ghur for centuries. Untold numbers
of orruks are cut down, but always
more appear to take part in the
joyous slaughter. At Splitbone Pass,
the bodies of Chaos Warriors pile so
thickly that entire valleys are filled

to the brim. The Sundeth Caves
still echo with the screams of slain
daemons to this day. In the end, the
orruks retain their dominance of
Ghur, while Darkorn’s skull adorns
the ramparts of the Varanspire – a
fitting punishment for his failure.

RISE OF THE IRONJAWZ

Hardened by centuries of warfare
against the daemonic hordes of the
Dark Gods, stagnant mortal empires
and their fellow greenskin clans,
the orruk clans of the Ironjawz
grow increasingly powerful. For
them, the Age of Chaos is a gift from
Gorkamorka, an era of endlessly
entertaining battle. As is the nature
of orruks , the more formidable the
enemies they fight, the larger and
fiercer they become, until they tower
over their fellow greenskins.

BONE AND IRON

Several Bonesplitter and Ironjaw
warclans unite in a Big Waaagh! as
they seek to smash down the Wall of
Ver. They find themselves opposed
by the Seraphon, who emerge in
bursts of starlight to defend the sheer
crystal monument.

SMASHING VICTORY

Chaos Lord Daresius the Perfect
believes himself – in his immaculate
beauty – to be the true heir of the
absent Dark Prince Slaanesh. With
the labour of slaves taken from the
many cities that he has despoiled,
Daresius constructs a palace of
gleaming mirrors so that wherever
he stands he may always gaze upon
his own perfection. Unfortunately
for the Chaos Lord, no sooner has
the final pane of glass been fitted
than Da Choppas Warclan come
hurtling over the horizon, drawn by
the Palace of Reflections’ sparkling
spires. Whooping and hollering,
mobs of blue-chequered Ardboys
barrel through ranks of Chaos
Warriors and into the structure,
smashing every pane of glass they
lay their piggish eyes on. Though
in his outrage he cuts down scores

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
of trespassers, Daresius the Perfect
meets an imperfect end when he is
thrown from the highest tower of the
palace, landing on a thousand shards
of splintered glass that slice his body
to bloody ribbons.

THE AGE OF SIGMAR

FIGHT OF A LIFETIME

The heavens open and Sigmar’s
Tempest bursts forth across the
Mortal Realms. At its fore come
the Stormcast Eternals, the greatest
champions of Azyr. Clad in gleaming
armour and wielding weapons that
channel the devastating power of
aetheric lightning, they drive the
forces of Chaos back on many fronts.
As the Ironjawz and their fellow
orruks look upon these shining
hosts, they cannot believe their luck
– truly, Gorkamorka has blessed
them with mighty new foes to fight.

FROST AND FLAME

The Icebone Warclan launch an
assault upon the Tergammvault of
the Lofnir Lodge of Fyreslayers,
seeking to hunt their fearsome
Magmadroths. The duardin unleash
magmic lava-flows in an attempt
to drown the Bonesplitterz in fire,
but the Icebones’ Arrowboys loose
so many frost-tipped arrows that
the rivers of lava cool into hardened
rock. Boarboy Maniaks charge over
these bridges and spill into the vault,
slaying dozens of Magmadroths and
stealing their bones.

REALMGATE CARNAGE

The Realmgate Wars begin in earnest
as the Stormcast Eternals seek to

seize control of the Realmgates,
arcane pathways that lead between
the realms. The Bloodtoofs work out
that, by following the shiny warriors,
they can seek out the ‘glowy gatez’,
and they swiftly come to blows with
Sigmar’s champions. At the Battle of
Blista Peak, the Bloodtoofs’ relentless
Gore-grunta charges smash their
way through the battle lines of the
Celestial Vindicators and plunge
into the Blazing Portal. Transported
an unthinkable distance in the
blink of an eye, the orruks crash
to earth amidst the barrowlands of
Yighmur, much to the consternation
of the Wight Kings who rule that
lifeless kingdom.

STOMPING HOOVES

The Rukkasnort Stampede begins as
a contest between Ironsunz Gore-
grunta riders, but it quickly escalates
into a continent-crushing cavalcade
as other warclans, composed of
Ironjawz and Bonesplitterz alike ,
join in the fun. The free cities of
Blackwall and Taberna are both
sacked by boar-riding boys who
smash through their gates and
rampage through the streets.

DEATH IN THE WATER

Seeking out the Great Voidwhales
that dwell within the Dwindlesea,
the Bonegrinz Warclan takes to the
waves upon colossal rafts of bone
and hide. Idoneth Deepkin of the
Mor’phann enclave interrupt their
voyage, and the pitch-black waters
of the deathly ocean are soon thick
with bobbing corpses as a frantic
naval battle ensues.

BATTLE OF NAGASHIZZAR

Guided by the strange visions of
Fungoid Cave-Shaman Snazzgar
Stinkmullet , scores of orruk
warclans charge into Shyish, battling
their way through shambling
hordes of undead to the very gates
of Nagashizzar. Here, a fell ritual
is gathering pace as the Great
Necromancer, Nagash, seeks to
invert the magical energies of the
Realm of Death. The Ironsunz –
charging forward at the forefront
of the greenskin Waaagh! – are not
particularly interested in the greater
ramifications of this spell. Instead,
they find a most memorable scrap
as Nagash’s elite Morghast guard

march forward to repel all invaders.
The Ironjawz smash many of the
soul-construct guardians into bony
fragments, but they do not prevent
Nagash’s magical experiments from
reaching a deadly crescendo.

THE DEFFSTORM

The Shyish necroquake rocks the
Eight Realms, unleashing a tide of
unstable magic and dragging forth
baleful spirits from the underworlds.
While the Ironjawz grumble about
how unsatisfying it is to fight things
that don’t break when you hit
them, many Bonesplitterz believe
that Gorkamorka has chosen them
to squash the spectral invasion
they call the ‘Deffstorm’. The
Drakkfoot warclan, already locked
in battle with daemons of Khorne,
are enraged to find themselves
attacked by yet more boneless
beings. Wurrgog Prophet Rakkatak
declares that Gorkamorka has had
enough of all these ‘spookz’, and
it is not long before almost every
orruk of the Drakkfoot is chasing
after the Nighthaunt processions,
swiping at the formless gheists with
beast-blessed chompas.

STONEKLAW’S CHOICE

The Gutstompas, warclan of
the infamous Big Boss Gulgaz
Stoneklaw, come across the Three
Cankers, a trio of plague fortresses
defended by Nurgle’s mortal
champions. Unable to decide
which stronghold to smash up
first, Stoneklaw consults with the
severed heads he wears upon each
shoulder. After several days of
intense debate, Stoneklaw reaches
his decision – only to discover that
the Three Cankers have already
been overwhelmed and burned to
the ground by a Warrior Chamber
of the Hallowed Knights. Furious at
the Stormcasts’ interference, Gulgaz
unleashes his hollering horde upon
the host of silver-armoured warriors.

FATED BATTLE

The prognosticators of Excelsis are
overwhelmed with sheer terror
when they foresee the coming
of Gordrakk, the Fist of Gork.
Armed with the fortress-shattering
skull of the godbeast known as
Hammergord, Gordrakk plans to
level the City of Secrets.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Gordrakk, The Fist of Gork

GORDRAKK, THE FIST OF GORK

Amidst the yelling and bawling of the Ironjaw warclans, a single bass roar echoes louder than the rest. It heralds
the destruction of armies and the death of civilisations, for it is the voice of Gordrakk, the Fist of Gork. Mightiest
of all orruks, he is an unstoppable avalanche of primal wrath - the chosen champion of the Great Green God.

Gordrakk’s name has become a
byword for terror across the Mortal
Realms. Even the noble houses of
Azyr, safely ensconced with their
star-scraping towers, have heard of
the rampages of this green-skinned
hurricane of destruction. He is
the Fist of Gork, the Megaboss of
Megabosses, the savage fury of Ghur
made manifest. To most Ironjawz,
he is nothing less than the living
incarnation of their god’s brutal
favour. Warclans from all corners of
the realms have flocked to swell the
ranks of Gordrakk’s Great Waaagh!,
for every orruk worth his iron wishes
to fight at the side of Gorkamorka’s
favoured son.

Many orruks believe that the Great
Green God formed Gordrakk whole
during the Age of Chaos. The story
goes that, in their darkling mission
to enslave the warclans of Ghur,
Archaon’s legions established a
series of Dreadholds throughout
the greenskin-held lands of the
Wildheart. Taking offence to this,
Gork slammed his mountain-sized
fist into the centre of the network
of fortifications. The raging storm
of Waaagh! energy swiftly reduced
the fortresses to rubble. When
Gork’s fist finally dissipated, it left
behind a shard of knucklebone.
As the green fire seared away its
surface, a hulking Megaboss was
revealed within. This Megaboss was
swift to rally the Ironjawz of the
Wildheart, crushing the remainder
of the Dreadholds’ castellans as they
attempted to recover from the brutal
divine intervention.

Such is not the only story told of
Gordrakk’s origin. The Fang-krushas
warclan insists that Gordrakk
was once one of their own and
boast loudly of their supposed
connection to the Fist of Gork. The
Bonesplitterz, meanwhile, believe
him to be sent by the Great Green
God to lead a hunt for the Beast
Spirit of Ghur itself. Ultimately, it
matters little where Gordrakk came

from. Certainly, the Fist of Gork
wi l l never confirm nor deny any of
these wild tales, for he cares only for
ushering in the next Great Waaagh!
and drowning the realms in a tide of
unthinking violence.

In battle, there is nothing subtle
about Gordrakk . Riding atop the
huge Maw-krusha known as Bigteef,
one of the only beasts almost as
brutishly aggressive as Gordrakk
himself, he leads through violent
example. Fighting at the head of
his vast green horde, Gordrakk and
his mount plough into the deepest
concentration of enemy warriors.
Entire ranks are crushed under
Bigteef’s charge while limbs and
heads are sent flying by strikes from
the Fist of Gork’s twin axes. These
blades are especially deadly to enemy
commanders – Smasha excels at
cleaving through the armour of
warrior-kings, whereas Kunnin’
delights in spilling the magically
charged blood of wizards. Long
ago, these two axes were joined
together to form the Worldchoppa,
the legendary axe of Gorkamorka
said to be forged of metal ripped
from Sigmar’s own throne. It
was first bestowed upon Urrgrak
Bonefist during the Age of Myth
– how Gordrakk came to wield it
is unknown, but he was quick to
split it into his two trusty blades.
When asked why he did so, the Fist

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

of Gork claimed that it was to make
the weapon twice as killy – before
brutally hacking apart the orruk who
asked such a stupid question.

So great is Gordrakk’s bestial
authority that all worshippers
of Gorkamorka – not merely
the orruks– are enthused by the
supernova of Waaagh! energy
emanating from his muscled frame.
Many Madcap Shamans of the
Gloomspite Gitz swear blind that
it is the Fist of Gork’s leering face
etched onto the surface of the Bad
Moon. Ogor tribes murmur in awe
of the time Bigteef chewed through
a Stonehorn, spitting out the gems
studding the beast’s innards before
Gordrakk demanded seconds for
himself. Troggoths don’t really
know why they follow Gordrakk,
but their herds lumber along in his
wake anyway, even their tiny minds
acknowledging the primacy of the
mightiest Megaboss of them a l l .

Throughout the Realmgate Wars,
Gordrakk’s Great Waaagh! was a
constant choppa in the side of the
other races, most infamously freeing
the godbeast Fangathrak from its
imprisonment by Archaon’s armies
and denying the forces of Chaos
and Sigmar alike access to the
Mawgate within the vast worm-
creature’s gullet. In the aftermath
of the necroquake, Gordrakk’s
hordes have been preoccupied
with looting treasures from newly
revealed Stormvaults across Ghur
– most impressively the skull of the
bull-headed godbeast Hammergord,
which the Megaboss has had
mounted onto a colossal battering
ram. Gordrakk’s ultimate ambitions
for his new weapon are unknown,
but warclans of all kinds have
been seen marching towards the
Ghurish city of Excelsis, stronghold
of the Knights Excelsior, in massive
number. If the Fist of Gork wishes to
demonstrate his dominion over the
Realm of Beasts, he could scarcely
have picked a more tempting target.


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Brutal and Cunning

BRUTAL AND CUNNING

Ironjaw bosses are amongst the mightiest warriors in the realms. Each is a living embodiment of the Waaagh! and
a chosen of Gorkamorka – at least, that’s what they claim, and their followers agree. Whether smashing enemies in
the face, mustering the frenzy of the warclans or shaping deadly green magic, all are deadly opponents in battle.

MEGABOSSES
Might makes right amongst the
Ironjaw warc lans , and none are
mightier than the Megabosses . They
are the crush ing fist of Gorkamorka
made man ifest , swollen by the
power of the Waaagh! unt i l they
tower head and shoulder over even
their hu lk ing k in . With a single
punch, a Megaboss can crush an
armoured Chaos Warrior. A nimbus
of green energy plays around them
as they lead their vast arm ies to war.

As the biggest and strongest
members of a warc lan , Megabosses
are a foca l point for w i ld Waaagh!
energy. This in turn brings more
Ironjawz into their orbit, for every
se lf-respecting orruk knows that

the greatest bosses bring about the
greatest punch-ups. Megabosses
cannot actively channel th is power
in the manner of shamans . This is
not to say that some haven’t tried
– and when a Megaboss gets their
hands on powerfu l arcane ar te fac ts ,
the destruct ion that follows has to
be seen to be believed – but their
true strength lies in marsha l l ing
the fu ry of the orruks under their
command . They are the forefront
of the t ida l wave that is a Waaagh!,
crash ing into the enemy and
sweeping a l l before them with
relentless brutality .

It is no secret that as an orruk
fights, they gradua l ly become
larger and more imposing . With

Megabosses , however, th is quirk
of greensk in physiology is even
more pronounced – a result of the
excess Waaagh! power thrumm ing
through these brutish war-leaders.
Though it seems impossible to
rational folk, a Megaboss can be
observed to grow ever so s l ight ly as
they k i l l , even in the heat of battle .
Each morta l blow from their boss
choppa sees their muscles swell
further . Violence itself fortifies a
Megaboss, which is problematic
for their adversaries , as it means
these orruks are a lmost impossible
to k i l l . Only the most devastat ing
force stands a chance of putting a
Megaboss down, for if they get a
chance to s tar t k i l l ing once more,
they w i l l only grow stronger.

Megabosses are natural show-offs.
Competition between the leaders
of a warclan’s brawls can be fierce.
These contests can take any form,
but they often descend into straight-
up fights before long. Megabosses
truly seeking to prove their might
will take the challenge of claiming
a Maw-krusha as a mount. Bestial
predators originating from Ghur’s
vast mountain ranges, Maw-krushas
are narrow-sighted beasts that smash
their way across the land regardless
of anything in their way. Their skin is
rugged and rocky, and they produce
bellows of such force that those hit by
the wall of sound have their innards
rupture. Hyshian mystics have been
driven mad trying to deduce how
these heavy-set beasts are able to fly
given the disparity between sheer
bulk and wingspan – the wisest
conclude that gravity has no desire
to mess with the Maw-krushas and
leave it at that. Ironjawz do not so
much ‘tame’ a Maw-krusha as they
batter it into submission; for many
Megabosses, the attempt proves fatal.
Those who succeed find themselves
with a truly monstrous edge, for
Maw-krushas are kindred spirits to
the orruks and need little excuse to
pulverise and crush anything foolish
enough to get in their way.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARCHANTERS
Most Ironjawz feel the Waaagh! ever-
present in the back of their brutish
minds, releasing the pent-up energy
in brief, deadly bursts of shocking
violence. There are, however, those
who become consumed by the green
energy, and loudest of all are the
Warchanters. For these orruks , the
thuggish drumbeat of the Waaagh!
never stops hammering through
their skulls. In battle, they furiously
recreate this rhythm with anything
they have to hand, whether it be
by bashing their glowing st ikks
together, clanging their fists
against chunks of shattered iron or
bludgeoning their opponents over
and over. The enemy’s agonised
screams only contribute to the beat
raging within a Warchanter’s soul.

As a Warchanter bashes out his
endless rhythm, the sound of primal
drumbeats fills the minds of nearby
Ironjawz. They crash their crude
weapons together eagerly, great green
feet stomping upon the ground. The
furnace of Waaagh! energy within
the chest of each Ironjaw is stoked
to an inferno by a Warchanter’s
relentless drumming ; whether it sees
the orruks run faster, hit harder,
or strike with whirlwind fury, this
soul-deep drumming renders the
Ironjawz deadlier than ever. Most
Megabosses have at least one or
two Warchanters accompanying
their brawls to stoke the fury of
their lads. Some Ironjaw hordes –
Gordrakk’s Great Waaagh! not least
amongst them – contain many of the
brutal greenskin chanters. Orruks
from miles around are drawn
to the booming drumbeat by an
instinctive compulsion, swelling the
horde’s ranks further as the furious
heartbeat of Gorkamorka echoes
across the land.

WEIRDNOB SHAMANS
Even the Ironjawz do not know
exactly why some of their number
become Weirdnob Shamans;
admittedly, this may be because
most simply don’t care. Whilst
Warchanters are suffused with
Waaagh! energy until they are
driven quite mad, Weirdnobs are
living conduits for Gorkamorka’s
power. This doesn’t stop them also

being more than a little manic at
the best of times. Twitching and
spasming as they shuffle about,
green light occasionally sparking
in their eyes, it is these orruks that
shape the power of the Waaagh!
into a crude form of spellcraft. How
this manifests is never predictable,
but it is always destructive – as well
as highly entertaining for those
Ironjawz nearby.

Weirdnobs consider themselves to
be the ‘wise orruks’ of the warclans.
In practice, however, all of their
advice – whether it relates to healing
battle-wounds, finding a new choppa
or deciding what a rampaging horde
of Ironjawz should knock over next –
revolves around the swift application
of violence in some fashion. Ironjawz
nevertheless pay close attention
to a Weirdnob’s words, believing
they speak with Gork’s (or possibly
Mork’s) voice. Since the dawning of
the Arcanum Optimar, or the ‘time
of Ded Killy Mag ik ’ as the orruks

know it, there has been an increasing
number of Weirdnobs that have
risen to lead entire Ironjaw warclans,
proving their superiority over their
rivals by conjuring up the most
powerful, lingering manifestations
of the Waaagh!

Bonesplitterz tend to look down on
Ironjaw Weirdnobs as being less ‘in
tune’ with the wi l l of Gorkamorka
than their Wurrgog Prophets. The
Ironjawz counter that an orruk who
can unleash burning streams of
green ectoplasm from their mouth
and eyes, or conjure huge warty
fists to crush an enemy army, is
about as in tune with the Great
Green God as you can get. However,
when battle is joined and the
power of the Waaagh! is pumping
through the orruk horde, Ironjaw
and Bonesplitter alike meet every
destructive magical outburst from
the Weirdnobs with howls of savage
delight, united by their love of
wanton carnage.

WAAAGH! MAGIC
Much like the orruks themselves, Waaagh! magic is violent,
unpredictable and very dangerous to everyth ing in its immediate
vicinity. Its essence sits outside the typ ica l ‘laws’ of magic, neither
drawn from a part icu lar realmsphere nor corrupted by the touch
of dark sorcery – the sorcerous power of the orruks simply ‘is’, as
sure as Aqshy burns or grots are weedy. The arcane scholars of more
enlightened races have long had difficulty attempting to define where
the primal energy that infects a greenskin horde ends and proper
Waaagh! magic begins . In truth , these two concepts are one and the
same; the fury that powers an orruk mob in battle is the same power
that the Weirdnob Shamans draw upon to work their destructive spells,
the savage breath of Gorkamorka channelled through these brutish
mystics to be unleashed upon the hapless foe.

As more orruks mass in a part icu lar place and work themselves into
a frenzy, the magical power of the Weirdnobs is further enhanced
through the amalgamation of this same primal Waaagh! energy. For
those who dismiss orruks as mere brutish savages, this sheer reserve of
power can prove a fatal surprise ; more than one sneering Tzeentchian
sorcerer or fey Aelven mystic has entered into a magical duel with a
mad-eyed Weirdnob, only to find themselves overwhelmed by green
power beyond their reckoning. Waaagh! magic is notoriously volatile;
one of the first things an Ironjaw yoof learns upon joining a warclan
is to avoid thumping a Weirdnob unless absolutely necessary, lest the
shaman detonate with spectacu lar magical force. This doesn’t stop
the occasional curious orruk from doing so anyway – and while some
of their fellows have the good sense to take cover when they see a
Weirdnob twitch and shudder with renewed force, most can’t help but
get up close to watch the shaman ‘go off ’ in an explosion of scouring
green light.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironclad Hordes

IRONCLAD HORDES

The ground shakes as the Ironjaw warclans march to war. Their armies are vast hordes of heavily armoured
orruks, each clutching a brutal choppa or spiked maul in their mailed green fists. Whether they be a hulking
Brute, eager Ardboy, or grunta-riding shock troop, they seek only to batter their enemies into bloody ruin.

BRUTES
Brutes consider themselves the
greatest of all the Ironjawz. This
belief is founded on three essential
principles: they are amongst the
largest of all orruks , the most heavily
equipped and – as a result – often get
to fight the biggest enemies a warclan
encounters. Those who witness a
Brute mob in battle find it difficult
to contest their claims of supremacy.
With an eardrum-bursting bellow of
‘Waaagh!’, the Brutes charge in as an
armoured scrum, crushing armies
beneath their heavy stomping treads.

A Brute’s wargear is not so much
forged as it is beaten into shape
from lumps of corrugated metal.
Thick layers of iron are bent
and bolted together to form the
armour, yet somehow this does
not reduce the structural integrity
of these formidable defences. A
Brute’s weapons are as direct as
the greenskin that wields them.
Weighty choppas and long-hafted
gore-hackas are abundant in their
mobs. Some Brutes wield a massive

gore-choppa, an enormous blade
capable of inflicting hideous injury
on whatever it strikes. Brute bosses,
as the biggest and strongest of their
number, get first pick in terms of
weapons. Huge crushing claws
and colossal bludgeoning clubs are
perennial favourites – the better
to tear through heavily armoured
enemies or the thick hides of
predatory creatures.

If a Brute mob cannot overcome
their foe with bloody-minded
violence alone – and given their
talent for destruction, this is a
rare occurrence indeed – they wi l l
instead seek to crush them through
raw numerical superiority. The
sheer amount of Brutes that can be
mustered by successful Megabosses
is often an unpleasant surprise to
their foes. A considerable proportion
of a warclan’s strength wi l l often
consist of these hulking orruks;
this ready reserve of green muscle
has given rise to the common Brute
sentiment, ‘If smashin’ it don’t work,
get more boys and smash it again’.

G utrok punched the ghou l ’s face out of the back of i ts head
and into the face of the one beh ind i t . The Iron jawz had
s tumb led into the ne s t of F l e sh - ea t e r s by chan c e , but now,
as the pa le c rea tu re s sp i l led from the shadow s , they were met by
who le mobs of g r inn ing o r ru k s w i th ready choppa s . Am id s t the
reek ing ma s s e s , Gu trok sp ied a hu lk ing ro t -sk inned mon s ter .
‘ ’Ere , d is one ’s m ine ! Any g i t tha t ge t s in my way is go ing to get
h im se l f k rump ed ! ’
To dr ive home the po in t to tho se around h im , Gu trok ra ised
h is ru s t ed bo s s k law and gave it a g r ind ing snap . Roa r ing out
a be l low ing ba t t le cry , he cha rged toward s the newcomer . In
r e spon s e , the bea s t gave o f f a low an ima l h i s s through rows of
n e ed l e - sha rp t e e th . Towering over the bo s s , the C ryp t Horror
a t ta ck ed sw i f t ly , i ts f i l thy c laws rak ing down Gu trok ’s face and
s id ing in a shower of b lood and spa rk s . With a c run ch of iron ,
Gu trok brough t up h is bo s s k law and g rabbed the bea s t around
i ts n e ck .
‘Here come s the good bit,’ though t Gu t rok , ob l iv iou s to the b lood
runn ing down h is s ide or the fac t one of h is eye s didn ’t see so good
any more . With a chu ck l e , he snapped shu t h is klaw . Tainted b lood
sprayed ac ro s s h is face from the Horror ’s now - severed neck stump .
Turning back toward s the fray , Gu trok g r inn ed through the gore
and cha r g ed .

Brutes have a proud history of taking
down monsters, an inheritance
of the first Ironjaw warclans that
rampaged across the savannahs of
Ghur. There is a measure of bestial
pragmatism behind this choice
of foe. Like all orruks , fighting
empowers Brutes, and there are few
better ways to test their strength
than by clobbering beast-riding
enemy lords or other ‘big ’uns’. Deep
within the Brutes’ psyche may also
exist a kernel of irritation at being
confronted by anything bigger and
harder than they are, though those
who express such a belief to a Brute’s
face soon have their skull smashed in
for their trouble.

GORE-GRUNTAS
Gruntas are massive porcine
creatures with razor-sharp tusks,
filthy hides and beady, rage-filled
eyes. Though indigenous to Ghur,
their great stampedes rampage
across all the realms save Azyr.
To keep up with their fearsome
metabolism, gruntas must consume
just about everything in their path.
Fortunately, their digestive system is
robust enough to allow them to do
just that. They readily devour fallen
warriors, armour and all, crunching
their way through metal armour
plates. Ironically, this is one of the
few materials that gruntas cannot
digest effectively. This hindrance
means that the inevitable product
of a grunta’s hunger is fu l l of lumps
of metal. The Ironjawz have learnt
to harvest this to provide the raw
materials for their armour, coining
the term ‘pig iron’ for the foul but
useful spoils.

Gruntas are brought into a warclan’s
arsenal through ‘grunt hunts’. This
involves cornering a rampaging
grunta, battering it senseless with
fists and choppas and nailing iron
plates onto the dazed creature,
slowing the beast down enough to
ride. A particularly daring orruk wi l l
then attempt to claim it as a mount.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
That is not to say that they tame the
creature; gruntas are too belligerent
to ever accept a rider without a
fight. Even if the Brute is not quickly
gored to death, they often struggle
to dismount safely. This suits the
orruks just fine, for the destructive
power of the gruntas is well worth it.

These Gore-gruntas are the shock
cavalry of the Ironjawz. The ground
shudders as their mobs charge
ahead of their warclan, searching for
enemies to flatten. Those who attract
their attentions wi l l be hacked down
by the bellowing orruk riders, or
they are simply be trampled into
the dirt by the unstoppable gruntas.
Some Megabosses have come up
with ‘kunnin’ takt ikz ’ to employ
with their Gore-gruntas, such as
the Hoof Puncher or Tusks of Gork.
In true orruk fashion, all of these
tend to revolve around the tried-
and-tested principle of assembling
the Gore-gruntas into a big mob
and sending them to smash straight
through the enemy lines.

ARDBOYS
While Brutes make up much of a
warclan’s strength, the great mass
of an Ironjawz army is often filled
by the Ardboys. Though they
are the physically smallest of the
armoured greenskin hordes, only a
fool underestimates these battle-
hardened orruks. A single Ardboy
is capable of slaughtering several
Freeguild soldiers without pause,
a toothy grin on their face as they
shrug off the blows of their enemies.

Ardboys take war very seriously, and
they are often considered a bit dour
and humourless by other orruks.
They are not actually Ironjawz in
the conventional sense; rather, they
are the toughest members of orruk
clans from across the realms that
have been attracted to the cyclone of
violence propagated by the Ironjawz.
Fighting alongside their brother
greenskins, they seek to draw the
power of the Waaagh! to themselves,
growing bigger and stronger in the
process. Should an Ardboy win
enough fights, he may become large
enough to be considered a Brute,
though he wi l l always be looked
down on by the ‘true-blue’ Ironjawz.

Though they are terrifyingly strong,
Ardboys are not able to batter
metal into shape with their fists as
easily as Brutes. Because of this,
they must scavenge or forge their
own equipment – or bully others
into doing it for them – a fact that
accounts for the somewhat eclectic
mixture of weapons found in their
mobs. Ardboys are surprisingly
disciplined by orruk standards.
They march across the battlefield
in something resembling a military
formation, waving their banners
and advancing to the sonorous
beating of war drums. The Brutes
and Megabosses who witness this
tend to consider it a ‘bunch of time-
wastin’ nonsense’ – though, to be
fair, they consider anything that
isn’t punching their enemies in the
face to be time-wasting nonsense.
The Ardboys discipline pays off
in battle, however, allowing them
to grind down even the densest
hordes or overwhelm foes many
times their size under a storm of
bludgeoning blows.

Since the necroquake and the
beginning of the Soul Wars, many
Ironjawz warclans have begun to
grudgingly induct mobs of Ardboys
into their ranks to replace the
casualties inflicted by the endless
waves of undead hordes. To the
Ardboys, this is a sign that they
have ‘made it’, and many of them
have developed quite a swagger in
response to their new-found status.
Nevertheless, plenty of warclans
still consider the Ardboys to be
distinctly weedy, and in some cases,
mobs of the armoured orruks have
struck out on their own rather than
chase the approval of the Ironjawz.
Amongst the most infamous of these
mobs are Gurzag Ironskull’s Boyz.
Trapped in the cursed mirror-city
of Shadespire decades ago after a
looting expedition went awry, these
Ardboys have since come to find
the endless battle within it much to
their liking – after all, for all their
pretence of discipline, no orruks can
resist the urge for some good old
fashioned carnage.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Power of the Waaagh!

POWER OF THE WAAAGH!

Leading the Bonesplitter warclans are all manner of savage mystics, magically gifted orruks filled with the primal
essence of Gorkamorka. Utterly insane as they may be, none are better at sniffing out powerful beast spirits than
these shamans, and their command of deadly Waaagh! magic makes them terrifying opponents to face in battle.

are flattened and crushed under a
rain of pummelling green fists that
descend from the skies, the Wurrgog
Prophet hollering in bellicose joy as
he unleashes an avalanche of savage,
destructive power.

before battle is joined. How they do
this is up to the Wardokk, though
most prefer to employ a variety of
methods ranging from strange war
dances to good old-fashioned smacks
across the gob.

WARDOKKS
Around each Wurrgog Prophet can
be found an array of lesser shamans,
most prominent of which are the
Wardokks. They often enforce the
bizarre commands of the warclan’s
leader, and it is from their ranks that
a Wurrgog’s successor wi l l usually
be chosen should the Prophet fall in
battle or accidentally blow
himself up. It is also
their job to work
the warclan up
into a proper
frenzy

WURRGOG PROPHETS
No orruks are as attuned to the wi l l
of Gorkamorka as the Wurrgog
Prophets. They are the undisputed
leaders of the Bonesplitter warclans,
and entire nations of maddened
green disciples hang on their every
gibbered word. To them falls the
most sacred duty of any Bonesplitter:
it is their task to interpret the signs
and dream-visions left for them by
the Great Green God and lead their
followers to new and prosperous
hunting grounds.

Wurrgog Prophets are a far cry from
the scholarly wizards of other races.
Wearing garish wooden beast-masks
and clad in the hides of monsters
they have killed , it is easy to dismiss
them as demented creatures hopping
manically from foot to foot and
hooting nonsensical commands.
This apparently random lunacy is,
however, not what it seems. Wurrgog
Prophets possess a strange wisdom
– as if they have tapped into some
primal cosmic truth. Behind their
bizarre actions lies solid orruky
sense; a Prophet’s intimidating beast-
mask contains the trapped essence of
the most fearsome creatures he has
slain and thus actually does amplify
his powers. The warpaint he daubs
across his Bonesplitterz contains
mystical ingredients as well as the
ground-up organs of beasts hunted
by the warclan, and its magical
properties have proven capable of
deflecting even hostile sorceries.

When it comes to unleashing
their own devastating magic, the
Wurrgog Prophets excel – after
all, for all their barbarous wisdom,
they are still orruks. As leaders
of the Bonesplitter warclans, they
claim the most powerful bones for
themselves, and thus they can tap
into the strongest beast spirits. When
a Wurrgog summons up the power of
Gorkamorka, the land cracks, trees
are violently uprooted and the very
earth of the realms is turned against
their foes. Entire ranks of enemies

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Wardokks are entrusted with
knowledge of each warclan’s secret
ritual dances. All Bonesplitterz are
good at jumping around and causing
a racket, but only a Wardokk knows
how to truly summon the power of
Gorkamorka through his motions.
When a Wardokk leads his mobs
in such a dance, the energy of the
Waaagh! responds. Tattoos glow
with extra protective strength,
greenskin wizards find their magic
bolstered and even the most hideous
wounds close shut as these shamans
tap into their strange, but undeniably
effective, powers.

BOARBOY MAN IAKS
There are Bonesplitterz, there are
truly insane Bonesplitterz, and then
there are the Boarboy Maniaks .
At some point in the past, these
demented orruks managed to
climb onto the back of a snorting
war boar. Though they should have
been brutally gored to death in
short order, somehow the Maniaks
not only managed to survive those
first moments but have claimed for
themselves deadly, if ill-tempered,
mounts. Discarding even the crude
shields used by their fellows, these
crazed greenskins wield sharp bone
blades in each hand, howling as
they urge their boars onwards with
a series of firm kicks. A war boar’s
hide is so tough that this doesn’t
hurt them – rather, it just makes
them madder.

Boarboy Maniaks often see the
most ferocious fighting out of an
entire Bonesplitter warclan. They
are usually the first orruks to crash
headlong into the ranks of the foe.

What they may sacrifice in precise
control of their mounts, they make
up for in the press of melee, for
Maniaks can unleash a seemingly
endless storm of blows. Even the
most determined shieldwalls buckle
under a Maniak charge, the orruks
swinging their twin weapons back
and forth with boundless energy
while the sharp tusks of the war
boars slip between or punch straight
through the foe’s defences. Fuelled
by the ferocious spirit-madness
bubbling within them, the Maniaks
wi l l not stop until they or their
enemies lie dead. Each orruk
redoubles his violent efforts as he
watches his mates literally tear apart
the enemy with savage blows.

MANIAK WEIRDNOBS
Some orruk shamans witness the
destructive rampages of the Maniak
Boarboys and become inspired.
Already pushed over the edge of
reason by the power of Gorkamorka
constantly ratt ling around in their
thick sku l ls , these Weirdnobs claim
the most unru ly of a warclan’s
boars as their steed. The Wurrgog
Prophets consider the madness
of the Man iak Weirdnobs to be
a sign that the Great Green God
commands the crazed shamans to
lead the grun t ing Snaga Rukks on
the hunt – though a more accurate
description might be that mobs of
boar-mounted Bonesplitterz have
simply learnt to follow the erratic
path of the Weirdnobs, observ ing
their knack for locating the
best fights.

The fetish-draped staffs of the
Maniak Weirdnobs are more than
just symbols of authority. Each is
a bone taken from a particularly
powerful beast that still contains
the primal essence of the slain
creature. As he charges into battle,
a Maniak can call upon this
beast-soul to empower himself
and his allies; a thick green mist
surrounds the shaman, resolving
into the image of a mighty dragon
or other such fearsome monster. An
animalistic rage fills the minds of
nearby Bonesplitterz as they strike
with renewed fury, salivating and
roaring as monstrous power courses
through them.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

SQUIGGLY BEASTS
All manner of squiggly beasts
infest the dark, dank and
unpleasant places of the Mortal
Realms. They are strange, waxy
creatures that are often – though
not always – globular in shape.
Sharp fangs line their oversized
maws, and even the smallest
are capable of hamstringing
an unwary warrior. It is the
Gloomspite Gitz that have the
closest relationship with squigs,
capturing or breeding them
in vast numbers to use as a
deadly, if unpredictable, force
in battle. Whilst most squigs
are valued for their single-
minded destructiveness, there
are a few rare sub-species that
brim with curious, but potent,
magical energies.

It is these more arcane
creatures that most interest
the Bonesplitter shamans. On
occasion, squigs filled with their
strange breed of magic will
creep from their caves and track
down the Bonesplitter hordes on
their own. It is unclear whether
these squigs are attracted by
the thrumming power of the
Waaagh! or are simply looking
for a good meal among what
the orruks leave behind. These
squiggly beasts accompany the
shamans just about everywhere.
The mystical orruks can tap
into the magical energy locked
within them to empower their
own spells, and at least one
Wurrgog Prophet – Grakkadrak
of the Skullcrackas Warclan
– considers his squig to be his
most trusted advisor.

Alas, not all squiggly beasts
hold such an honoured position.
Many shamans have got the idea
into their heads to grind the
creatures down and use them as
a component of their warclan’s
warpaint, a notion that quickly
spreads when it appears that
the magical essence of these
rare squigs really does seem to
offer increased protection to
the wearers.


PAGEBREAK
Great Green Clans

GREAT GREEN CLANS

Bonesplitterz warclans are built on hordes of unwashed green muscle, hundreds of savage orruks storming across
the field to hack apart their prey. Despite their primitive appearance and simplistic weapons, they are no easy foe,
for the Waaagh! energy that suffuses these brutish creatures grants them power beyond rational comprehension.

SAVAGE ORRUKS
When an orruk becomes a
Bonesplitter, he wi l l usually mob
together with a bunch of his frenzied
kin. Having discarded burdensome
things such as metal, clothing and
what limited sanity greenskins
possess, these mobs are tireless in
their pursuit of the great monsters
of the realms. Wielding bone blades
known as ‘chompas’, sharpened
flint-tipped spears or crude but
effective hunting bows, they crash
into the ranks of the enemy like an
unstoppable green wave. While some
may see their lack of armour as a
weakness, to the Savage Orruks it
makes perfect sense – after all, iron
plates have little chance of stopping
the claw of a dragon or a chimera,
but the mystical warpaint daubed
across their bodies by a warclan’s
boss-shamans just might.

Led into battle by mighty Big Bosses,
mobs of Savage Orruks hurtle across
the field at a blistering pace. As they
amass, the power of the Waaagh!
flows through them, their piggish
eyes growing wilder as their green
muscles bulge. It is far from a simple
task to k i l l a Savage Orruk under
the influence of a Waaagh! frenzy
– which is all of them – for such is
their manic energy that they must
be almost entirely dismembered
before succumbing to death. The Big
Bosses know how to best inspire a
k i l l ing fury in their lads, often by
simply getting stuck into the foe and
breaking some heads themselves.

BOARBOYS
Not every wild beast encountered by
the Bonesplitterz is destined to end
up with its bones stuck through an

orruk’s hide. Bonesplitterz have long
ridden atop the backs of war boars,
large porcine creatures related to the
fearsome gruntas. These mounted
warriors are skilled at employing
hit-and-run tactics, disengaging
from melee to circle around the
prey before charging back into close
quarters, where their chompas,
st ikkas and the gouging tusks of
the boars themselves can cause the
most damage.

Wild boars are compelled to follow
Bonesplitter warclans through
various means. Enterprising
orruks wi l l set up crude ‘boar
traps’ to attempt to snare entire
herds at once. Often this is done by
digging a massive pit and hoping
the unstoppable momentum of a
rampaging herd wi l l see them charge
straight in, but the most proven

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
method is simply to leave a trail
of offal for the creatures to follow.
Some boars are fed with shards of
precious beast-bone in the hope
that they wi l l absorb a measure the
fallen creature’s power. Given how
senselessly violent orruks can be, it is
surprising how well they treat their
mounts. Warpaint is daubed across
the creature’s fur to protect them,
while bone piercings are applied to
further amplify their strength. Few
crimes amongst the Bonesplitter
warclans are more heinous than
k i l l ing another orruk’s boar. Those
who transgress in such a fashion wi l l
often be ridden down and brutally
trampled by a mob of vengeful
greenskin cavalry.

MORBOYS
Even other Bonesplitterz think that
there is something a little unnerving
about the Morboys. The Wurrgog
Prophets claim that when an orruk
absorbs a particularly potent beast
spirit, the predatory creature’s soul
may overpower the warrior and leave
them trapped in a constant state of

bestial fury. Of course, it is possible
that the Morboys simply weren’t all
there to begin with. Mobs of these
frothing orruks often accompany
a warclan’s Wardokks, the earth
shaking beneath their furious dances
as the Morboys are driven into even
more terrifying rages.

Armed with a bone blade in each
hand – ‘to hit stuff fasta’ – Morboy
mobs dash off in the enemy’s
direction at the battle’s outset. After
that, a warclan’s leaders simply
have to hope for the best. Often this
pays off, for a mob of Morboys is
easily capable of hacking their way
through hordes of enemies without
breaking stride. Bolstered by the
raging energy of Gorkamorka, their
power only increases as towering
monsters fall around them, their
warpaint glowing brighter with
every battered foe.

BIG STABBAS
Big Stabba teams consist of two
orruks wielding a massively
oversized spear known as a

Gorktoof. Tipped with sharp points
of flint, or occasionally shards of
powerful beast bone, these spears
inflict hideous injury on whatever
they strike. Warclans consider each
Gorktoof to be sacred; the Wurrgog
Prophets claim each spear takes on
the qualities of the beasts it ki l ls ,
thrumming in its bearer’s hands
with furious bloodlust.

Even amongst the Bonesplitterz,
Big Stabbas are renowned as
fearless and daring monster
hunters. Without hesitation,
they wi l l charge headlong into a
roaring Magmadroth’s flames or
between the stabbing forelimbs of
an Arachnarok Spider, trusting
in Gorkamorka to protect them
as they drive their Gorktoof deep
into the body of their monstrous
quarry. Even death cannot stop a
Big Stabba team claiming their prey.
With a howl, the orruks wi l l use the
last of their strength to hurl their
huge spear with unerring accuracy,
often taking their adversary
down into Shyish’s underworlds
alongside them.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
With a booming cry of ‘Waaagh!’, the forces of the warclans charge into the fray. Bestial minds
filled with the call to war, the greenskin hordes smash aside any who dare stand before them.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
FISTS OF IRON

FISTS OF IRON

Those who dare face the Ironjawz are confronted by an innumerable mass of hulking, metal-clad marauders
accompanied by huge and savage creatures. Here, we present a showcase of Ironjawz models expertly painted by
Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

When a Big Waaagh! gathers, entire empires can be swept away under the stomping feet of the orruks .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Gordrakk, the Fist of Gork

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironsunz Warchanter

Ironsunz Megaboss

Ironsunz Brute with gore-choppa

Ironsunz Brute with two brute choppas

Ironsunz Brute Boss with boss choppa

The Ironsunz consider it a point of pride to duff up the ’ardest and strongest enemies they can find.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Kryptboyz Brute with jagged
gore-hacka

Kryptboyz Brute Boss with boss klaw
and brute smasha

Kryptboyz Brute with jagged
gore-hacka

None can predict where the Bloodtoofs will emerge as they hurtle through a Realmgate, only that they will inevitably
cause massive destruction wherever they arrive.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bloodtoofs Gore-grunta with pig-iron choppa

Ironsunz Gore-grunta with jagged gore-hacka

There are few things a Gore-grunta enjoys more than trampling bones into powdered dust.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Da Choppas Warchanter

Da Choppas Weirdnob Shaman

Even the daemons of Chaos must be wary of the strange yet destructive powers of a Weirdnob Shaman.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
SAVAGE HORDES

SAVAGE HORDES

The Bonesplitterz are a striking force on the battlefield, a horde of green flesh daubed with bright warpaint and
carrying all manner of monstrous remains. Here, we present a showcase of Bonesplitterz models expertly painted
by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Led by a wild Maniak Weirdnob, the Bonesplitterz charge across the Mortal Realms looking for monsters to slay.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Wurrgog Prophet

Maniak Weirdnob

Wardokk

Savage Big Boss

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The maddened visions of the Wurrgog Prophets lead the Bonesplitterz to new hunting grounds.

Even the mightiest of creatures cannot escape the crazed beast-hunters of the Bonegrinz Warclan.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Flintjawz Savage Orruk with
chompa

Burnbiters Savage Orruk
with chompa

Bonegrinz Arrowboy

Morboy Boss

Big Stabba team

Savage Boarboy with bone totem

Savage Boarboy

Boarboy Maniak

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GREAT GREEN FURY

GREAT GREEN FURY

Wherever the warclans of the orruks go, anarchy, destruction and some good old-fashioned brawling are sure to
follow – just as Gorkamorka would want. There are many ways to go about collecting an orruk army, and these
pages offer just one example of how the green hordes can be mustered for war.

When collecting a Warhammer
Age of Sigmar army, it’s good to
start with a plan for picking units –
whether by choosing your favourite
models, devising tactics to use on
the tabletop or recreating a narrative
that captured your imagination. For
orruks , with their wide variety of
models from the brutal Ironjawz to
the manic Bonesplitterz, planning
what kind of force you want to
build is very important. However
you decide to collect, the end goal
is the same – to build a battle-ready
army! Here is how we assembled the
collection shown on these pages.

First, we have to choose which
set of allegiance abilities our
army wi l l use. Choosing a Big
Waaagh! force allows us to combine
Ironjawz and Bonesplitterz into
one army, making for a striking
and powerful collection of models
on the battlefield. Of course, with
this in mind, there’s only one real
choice for the general – the Fist of
Gork himself, Gordrakk! With his
twin axes and powerful mount,
Gordrakk is a force to be reckoned
with, and in a Big Waaagh! army, he
gets even better at empowering his
fellow orruks .

To support Gordrakk’s command,
we’ve selected a range of other
powerful heroes. A Megaboss
and Savage Big Boss are useful
for powering up Ironjawz and
Bonesplitterz respectively, and both
of them are deadly warriors in a
fight. A Warchanter’s thumping
beats offer a variety of effects that
can swing the course of any battle.
Finally, a Wurrgog Prophet and
Weirdnob Shaman offer some
serious magical clout to the army.
Both of these wizards are capable of
devastating their enemies with an
array of fearsome spells.

5

2

13

11

1

12

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Next, the army needs a solid
backbone of infantry. Some Savage
Orruks , their crazed Morboy
brethren and a mob of Ardboys fill
this role. At two wounds per model,
they’re tough to crack, making them
perfect for holding objectives and
bashing anyone who comes too
close. A unit of Brutes completes
this infantry force. Not only do the
models look like they mean some
serious business, but a Brute mob
can easily crush several enemy units
over the course of a game with its
powerful attacks in combat. When
fighting alongside Gordrakk or the
Megaboss, the Brutes become even
stronger, allowing them to really do
some damage.

The last thing our army needs is
speed. A unit of Savage Boarboys
and Boarboy Maniaks provides a

fast outrider force and can get stuck
into combat as quickly as possible.
Following in their wake is a trio of
Gore-gruntas. Each of these heavy
cavalry is as tough as a hero from
another army. While they may not
be as swift as the Boarboys, anything
that stands in their way is sure to
end up thoroughly crushed under
their hooves.

Looking at the units we’ve chosen,
we can group some of them into
powerful warscroll battalions – the
Savage Boarboys, Savage Orruks ,
and their Big Boss form a Brutal
Rukk, while the Brutes, Ardboys,
and Gore-gruntas can be assembled
into an Ironfist. Both of these
battalions make the units within
them swifter, allowing them to get
into battle and start breaking heads
all the sooner.

This orruk army presents a painter
with a great variety of units to enjoy,
and it has plenty of tactical options
on the tabletop that ensure every
game wi l l be highly enjoyable.

1. Gordrakk, The Fist of Gork
2. Orruk Megaboss
3. Orruk Warchanter
4. Wurrgog Prophet
5. Orruk Weirdnob Shaman
6. Savage Orruk Morboys
7. Boarboy Man iaks

BRUTAL RUKK

8. Savage Big Boss
9. Savage Orruks
10. Savage Boarboys

IRONFIST

11. Ardboys
12. Brutes
13. Gore-gruntas

7

10

9

3

8

6

4

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR ORRUKS

PAINTING YOUR ORRUKS

The armies of the orruk warclans are remarkably varied, from the metal textures of the Ironjawz to the striking
warpaint of the Bonesplitterz. Whether you are painting up a collection for the first time or are already a dab
hand with a brush, the following hints and tips will help you to get your lads looking ready for a proper fight.

One of the most enjoyable aspects
of the Games Workshop hobby is
bringing your Citadel Miniatures
to life through painting. Even
a single model looks fantastic
when carefully painted and based.
However, nothing beats assembling
your collection into a completed
army upon the field of battle and
revelling in the glorious spectacle
they present.

How you choose to paint your
Citadel Miniatures is entirely up to
you. Some painters enjoy spending
hours working on every model,
bringing them up to the most
impressive standard they can, while
others prefer to paint their models
in large batches – getting them ready

for battle swiftly while still looking
great upon the tabletop. Within
the pages of this battletome and
other Age of Sigmar publications,
you wi l l see many colour schemes
that you can replicate in order to
mark your orruks as belonging to
a particular warclan. Alternatively,
perhaps you wi l l want to come up
with a new warclan of your own
devising and invent your own colour
scheme designed to strike terror into
your enemies!

As with all aspects of the Age of
Sigmar hobby, the most important
thing is that you’re happy with
the end result. Whether you’re
looking to dabble with painting a
few greenskin warriors or amass

a vast collection of mobs to smash
up the realms, these pages contain
invaluable information on how to go
about doing just that.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

IRONSUNZ FLESHTONE

TEEF AND CLAWS

Apply a wash of Ork Flesh
contrast paint over a base
of Wraithbone.

Layer over with
Warboss Green.

Highlight with
Ogryn Camo.

IRONSUNZ YELLOW ARMOUR

Apply a wash of Iyanden
Yellow contrast paint over
a base of Wraithbone.

Edge highlight with
Screaming Skull .

Use Rhinox Hide to make
some scratches along the
edges of the armour.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

Rakar th Flesh (Base);
Agrax Earthshade
(Shade); Pallid Wych
Flesh (Highlight).

TOP TIP
Contrast paints can
be easily chipped
off of a model when
you play games with
it. Apply a layer of
Storm Shield to an
area painted with
contrast paint to
ensure that the paint
stays on the model.


PAGEBREAK
ORRUK FLESH

ORRUK WEAPONS

Ogryn Camo (Base); Biel-
Tan Green (Shade); Ogryn
Camo (Highlight); Flayed
One Flesh (Highlight).

Death Guard Green (Base);
Athonian Camoshade
(Shade); Straken Green
(Highlight); Nurgling
Green (Highlight).

Leadbelcher (Base); Gore-
grunta Fur (Contrast) +
Lahmian Medium (1:3
mix); Troll Slayer Orange
(Stipple); Stormhost Silver
(Edge Highlight).

Apply Blood for the
Blood God (Technical)
in a spatter pattern on
the blade.

ARMOUR AND METALS

Leadbelcher (Base); Nuln
Oil (Shade); Runefang
Steel (Highlight).

Macragge Blue (Base);
Nuln Oil (Shade); Calgar
Blue (Highlight).

Mephiston Red (Base);
Agrax Earthshade
(Shade); Evil Sunz Scarlet
(Highlight); Fire Dragon
Bright (Highlight).

Corax White (Base);
Seraphim Sepia (Shade)
+ Lahmian Medium
(1:1 mix); Pallid Wych
Flesh (Highlight).

ORRUK MATERIALS

Macragge Blue (Base);
Nuln Oil (Shade); Calgar
Blue (Highlight); Fenrisian
Grey (Highlight).

Mephiston Red (Base);
Agrax Earthshade (Shade);
Evil Sunz Scarlet then Fire
Dragon Bright (Highlight).

Leadbelcher (Base);
Agrax Earthshade (Shade);
Runefang Steel
(Drybrush).

Rhinox Hide (Base); Skrag
Brown (Highlight); Tau
Light Ochre (Highlight).

GORE-GRUNTA AND BOAR FUR AND SKIN

Base the fur with Abaddon
Black and the skin with
Cadian Fleshtone over a
Corax White undercoat.

Add a shade of Seraphim
Sepia to the skin .

Highlight raised details
using Kislev Flesh for skin
and Dark Reaper for fur.

Add final highlights of
Flayed One Flesh to the
skin. Drybrush the fur
with Dawnstone.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
DAGZ AND MARKINGS

To apply the check pattern, begin
by painting a grid using an Artificer
Brush and Ulthuan Grey.

Using the same brush and colour, fill
in alternating checks.

Finish the pattern by painting back
over the remaining lines using
Macragge Blue.

BONESPLITTERZ DETAILS

Use your chosen warpaint
colour to block out
parts of the face and
paint patterns.

Mechanicus Standard Grey
(Base), Agrax Earthshade
(Shade); Dawnstone
(Highlight); Administratum
Grey (Highlight).

Wraithbone (Base);
Skeleton Horde (Contrast);
Screaming Skull
(Highlight); Pallid Wych
Flesh (Highlight).

Stegadon Scale Green
(Base); Nuln Oil (Shade);
Thunderhawk Blue
(Highlight); Fenrisian
Grey (Highlight).

MAW-KRUSHA SCALES

Apply Mephiston Red
Spray and then give
it an all-over shade of
Agrax Earthshade.

Drybrush Mephiston Red.

Drybrush Astorath Red.

Drybrush Fire Dragon
Bright.

WING MEMBRANE

UNDERBELLY

GREEN SCALES

Carefully paint the membrane
sections with Abaddon Black.
Then drybrush the areas with
Dark Reaper. Finish with a lighter
drybrush of Stormfang.

Apply Rakar th Flesh in a dappled
pattern on the sides. Add an all-
over shade of Seraphim Sepia. Add
highlights of Pallid Wych Flesh to
the ridges.

Death Guard Green (Base);
Athonian Camoshade (Shade);
Straken Green (Highlight); Nurgling
Green (Highlight).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
MAW-KRUSHA SPINES

Basecoat the spines with
Rhinox Hide.

Layer the spines with Balor
Brown by applying tapered lines,
leaving Rhinox Hide showing in
the recesses.

Layer the spines with Screaming
Skull by applying tapered lines,
leaving Balor Brown showing in
the recesses.

WARCHANTER STIKKS

Begin with a Rakar th
Flesh basecoat.

When dry, apply an
all-over shade of Agrax
Earthshade. Make sure it
reaches all the recesses.

Apply Rakar th Flesh
again, keeping to the
raised areas and leaving
the recesses shaded.

Highlight by applying
Pallid Wych Flesh to the
uppermost parts of the
raised details.

WARCHANTER STIKKS GLOW

Paint the face design by first
applying Ceramite White.

When dry, carefully glaze with
Waywatcher Green.

Lastly, define the edges of the design
by carefully applying White Scar.

WAAAGH! SMOKE

Apply an even coat of Ulthuan Grey
to the entire area. The off-white hue
of this paint helps to create a smoky,
ethereal effect.

When dry, give the smoke an
all-over shade of Biel-Tan Green,
which lends the plume a spooky,
otherworldly appearance.

To finish, pick out the raised smoke
puffs using White Scar.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ARMIES OF THE WAAAGH!

ARMIES OF
THE WAAAGH!

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Orruk miniatures on the battlefields of the Mortal
Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The rules are
split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
This section has three different sets
of allegiance abilities, one for an
Ironjawz army (pg 55-62), one for
a Bonesplitterz army (pg 66-72),
and one for a Big Waaagh! army
(pg 76-77). The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book.

You must decide which faction
your army wi l l belong to when you
pick the army. All of the units in an
Ironjawz army must be IRONJAWZ,
all of the units in a Bonesplitterz

army must be BONESPLITTERZ,

and all of the units in a Big Waaagh!
must be ORRUKS.

Each set of allegiance abilities
wi l l have one or more of the
following sections.

BATTLE TRA ITS

Abilities available to units in
the army.

COMMAND TRA ITS

Abilities available to the general of
the army if it is a HERO.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in
the army.

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in
the army.

BATTLEPLAN

A new narrative battleplan that can
be played with the army.

PATH TO GLORY
This section contains rules for using
your Orruk collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 78-83).

WARSCROLLS
This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Orruk miniatures.

There are two types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Orruk units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 84-91).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using an Orruk
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 92-102).

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES
This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units and warscroll
battalions in this book (pg 103).

ALLIES

This section contains a list of the
allies an Ironjawz, Bonesplitterz and
Big Waaagh! army can include.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
IRONJAWZ ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

IRONJAWZ
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

IRONJAWZ BATTLE TRAITS

IRONJAWZ WARCLANS

Many Ironjawz warclans fight in
their own unique fashion.

If your army is an Ironjawz
army, you can give your army the

BLOODTOOFS keyword, CHOPPAS

keyword, or IRONSUNZ keyword.
All IRONJAWZ units in your army
gain that keyword, and you can
use the extra abilities listed for that
warclan (pg 60-62).

EAGER FOR BATTLE

Ironjawz are always spoiling for a
good fight.

Add 1 to charge rolls for friendly

IRONJAWZ units.

MAD AS HELL

Nothing infuriates the Ironjawz
more than cowardly foes that attack
them from afar.

At the end of any phase, if any
wounds or mortal wounds have
been inflicted in that phase on an
IRONJAWZ unit that is more than
9" from any enemy units, that
IRONJAWZ unit can move D6".

BRUTALITY INCARNATE

SMASHING AND BASHING

When one Ironjawz mob smashes
up the enemy, it inspires other mobs
to do the same.

In the combat phase, after a
friendly IRONJAWZ unit has
fought, if the attacks made by that
unit resulted in any enemy units
being destroyed, you can pick 1
friendly IRONJAWZ unit that has
not yet fought in that combat phase
and that is within 3" of an enemy
unit. That unit fights immediately,
before the opposing player picks a
unit to fight in that combat phase.
That unit cannot fight again in that
combat phase unless an ability
or spell allows it to fight more
than once.

COMMAND ABILITIES

If you have an Ironjawz army,
you can use the following
command abilities:

Mighty Destroyers: The Ironjawz

allow nothing to stop them from
getting to grips with their enemies.

Ironjawz Waaagh!: Ironjawz fight

even harder when their boss bellows
out an almighty ‘Waaagh!’.

You can use this command ability
once per battle, at the start of
the combat phase, if you have an
Ironjawz army and your general
is a MEGABOSS and on the
battlefield. If you do so, roll a dice
and add the number of friendly
IRONJAWZ units wholly within 18"
of your general to the roll.

If the roll is up to 11, until the end
of that phase add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons
used by friendly IRONJAWZ units
wholly within 18" of your general.

If the roll is 12 or more, until
the end of that phase add 2 to
the Attacks characteristic of
melee weapons used by friendly
IRONJAWZ units wholly within 18"
of your general.

Ironjawz Battle Traits

You can use this command ability
in your hero phase. If you do so,
pick 1 friendly IRONJAWZ unit
wholly within 12" of a friendly
IRONJAWZ HERO or wholly within
18" of a friendly IRONJAWZ HERO
that is a general. That unit must
make a normal move if it is more
than 12" from any enemy units,
must fight if it is within 3" of any
enemy units, and must attempt to
charge in any other circumstances.
You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability
more than once per hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironjawz Command Traits

IRONJAWZ COMMAND TRAITS

IRONCLAD WARLORDS

MEGABOSS only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Hulking Muscle-bound Brute: Even by orruk

standards, this boss is huge, and he is ever eager
to throw his immense weight around in battle.

After this general makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this general and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Live to Fight: The only time this warrior is not
in combat is when they are charging headlong
into a fresh set of enemies.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
by this general and their mount if they made a
charge move in the same turn .

Brutish Cunning: After countless battles, this
general has learnt how to get his boys stuck into
the enemy as quickly as possible.

Once per battle round, this general can use the
Mighty Destroyers command ability without
spending 1 command point.

4

5

6

Ironclad:

Incoming blows bounce harmlessly off
this general’s impressively robust armour.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
this general.

Bestial Charisma: With a deafening bellow, this
greenskin lets every orruk around know that no
one leaves the fight until it’s over.

Once per battle round, this general can use the
Inspiring Presence command ability without
spending 1 command point.

Mighty Waaagh!: Waves of greenskins flock to
the call of this bellicose orruk, knowing that they
will be led to a mighty fight.

If this general has the Ironjawz Waaagh!
command ability, count the number of eligible
units within 24" of this general instead of 18". In
addition, if successful, the ability affects eligible
units within 24" of this general instead of 18".

CHAMPIONS OF THE WEIRD

WEIRDNOB SHAMAN only.

D3

1

Command Trait

Dead Kunnin’: This shaman

is a surprisingly deep thinker
for an orruk, coming up with
all manner of kunnin’ ways
to bash their enemies.

At the start of the first
battle round, you receive D3
additional command points.

2

Master of the Weird: This

shaman has learnt how
to harness the magical
power of the Waaagh! to
maximum effect.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling
and unbinding rolls for
this general.

3

Bursting with Power: This

gibbering shaman is capable
of unleashing all manner of
strange Waaagh! sorceries.

This general knows 1
extra spell from the Lore
of the Weird (pg 59). In
addition, they can attempt
to cast 1 extra spell in your
hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironjawz Artefacts of Power

IRONJAWZ ARTEFACTS OF POWER

D6

1

2

3

D3

1

DA BOSS’S HOARD

MEGABOSS only.

Artefact of Power

Armour of Gork: This bashed-together armour
is thick and heavy, and when it was blessed by
Gork, it gained its own fierce fighting spirit.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets the bearer is 6,
the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound after
all of its attacks have been resolved.

Destroyer: This brutal weapon can topple a
gargant, though once discharged its powers can
only be recharged under a blood-red moon.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Once
per battle, at the start of the combat phase, you
can add 3 to the Damage characteristic of that
weapon until the end of that phase.

Daubing of Mork: The Daubing of Mork
is a mark of great favour bestowed upon a
particularly resilient orruk .

Roll a dice each time a wound or mortal wound
is allocated to the bearer. On a 6, that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

4

5

6

The Golden Toof: To acquire this prized fang,
an orruk must first prove they mean business by
smashing it out the mouth of its previous owner.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
IRONJAWZ units while they are wholly within
12" of the bearer.

Metalrippa’s Klaw: The bladed tips of this
massive iron gauntlet can tear through even the
thickest armour.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Change
the Rend characteristic of that weapon to -3
before applying any other modifiers to that
weapon’s Rend characteristic.

The Boss Skewer: This gigantic spike has held
aloft the heads of conquered kings over many
long centuries.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
IRONJAWZ units while they are wholly within
18" of the bearer, and subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they
are within 12" of the bearer.

Artefact of Power

Great Green Visions:

When breathed deeply,
the heady incense burning
in this enchanted skull-
brazier lends its bearer
uncanny insight into the
future as he reads the
flow of Gorkamorka’s
warlike energies.

At the start of your
hero phase, roll a dice.
On a 4+, you receive 1
command point.

WEIRD TRINKETS

WEIRDNOB SHAMAN only.

2

Amberbone Hoard: The

Ghurish realmstone worn by
the shaman, taking the form
of glimmering amber skulls
and horns, can fill him with
tremendous bestial power
and savagery in times of war.

Add 1 the Attacks
characteristic of melee
weapons used by the
bearer, and add 1 to save
rolls for attacks that target
the bearer.

3

Shamanic Skullcape: An

orruk shaman who takes
the skulls of enemy wizards
can draw on some of their
residual power, bolstering
his spells.

Add 1 to casting rolls for
the bearer. In addition, if an
enemy WIZARD is slain by
wounds inflicted by attacks
made with the bearer’s melee
weapons, you can pick 1
spell known by the slain
WIZARD. The bearer knows
that spell for the rest of
the battle.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironjawz Mount Traits

IRONJAWZ MOUNT TRAITS

If an Ironjawz army includes any HEROES mounted on a MAW-KRUSHA, one of those HEROES can have a mount trait.
Declare which HERO has the mount trait and then choose or roll for a mount trait from the following table. You can
choose one extra HERO to have a mount trait for each warscroll battalion in your army. The same HERO cannot have
more than one mount trait, and an army may not include duplicates of the same mount trait.

D6

1

2

3

4

Mount Trait

Big ’Un: This large Maw-krusha is incredibly
tough, even for one of its resilient breed.

Add 1 to this model’s Wounds characteristic.

Fast

’Un: This aggressive Maw-krusha can close
in on its prey with shocking swiftness.

Add 2" to this model’s Move characteristic.

Mean ’Un: This bloodthirsty beast loves nothing
more than to tear its victims into bloody chunks.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this
model’s Mighty Fists and Tail.

Heavy ’Un: This monster uses its vast bulk and
sheer momentum to flatten anything in its path.

5

6

Loud ’Un: This Maw-krusha’s roar leaves even
the mightiest enemies stunned and disorientated.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
this model can unleash a mighty roar. If it does
so, until the end of that phase, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by enemy models
within 3" of this model.

Weird ’Un: This strange beast has an innate
resistance to even the most powerful magic.

Each time this model is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do
so, on a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell on
this model.

Warchanter Warbeats

Add 1 to Destructive Bulk rolls for this model.

WARCHANTER WARBEATS

Each WARCHANTER in an Ironjawz army knows one warbeat from the following table. You can either choose or roll
for the warbeat each WARCHANTER knows. Each warbeat can only be attempted once per turn, regardless of how
many WARCHANTERS know it.

D3

1

Warbeat

Get

’Em Beat: Nearby orruks
are eager to get to the foe.

2

At the start of your charge
phase, 1 model that
knows this warbeat can
use it. If they do so, roll
a dice. On a 4+, pick 1
friendly IRONJAWZ unit
wholly within 12" of this

WARCHANTER. In that

phase, you can attempt to
charge with that unit if it
is within 18" of the enemy
instead of 12". Roll 3D6
instead of 2D6 when making
the charge roll for that unit.

Fixin’ Beat: Even the most

grievous wounds can be fixed
by this magical beat.

3

Killa Beat: This mesmerising
beat reduces a foe to a
near-catatonic state.

At the start of the combat
phase, 1 model that knows
this warbeat can use it. If
they do so, pick 1 enemy
unit within 12" of this

WARCHANTER and roll a

dice. On a 4+, add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target
that unit in that phase.

In your hero phase, 1 model
that knows this warbeat can
use it. If they do so, pick 1
friendly model within 12" of
this WARCHANTER and roll
a dice. On a 4+, you can heal
up to D3 wounds allocated
to that model.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironjawz Spell Lores

IRONJAWZ SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from the following table for each IRONJAWZ WIZARD in an Ironjawz army.

LORE OF THE WEIRD

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Brain-bursta: The shaman glowers at their target
before letting loose a bolt of brain-melting force.

4

Brain-bursta has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
16" of the caster and visible to them, and roll
2D6. If the roll is greater than that unit’s
Bravery characteristic, that unit suffers D6
mortal wounds; if not, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Mighty ’Eadbutt: This wave of green energy
seeks out enemy bosses, and it is especially
harmful to wizards.

Mighty ’Eadbutt has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HERO within
16" of the caster and visible to them. That HERO
suffers D3 mortal wounds. If that HERO is a
WIZARD, they suffer D6 mortal wounds instead
of D3.

Da Blazin’ Eyes: Mork (or possibly Gork) gives
the shaman the ability to project beams of
coruscating energy from their eyes.

Da Blazin’ Eyes has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick a point on the battlefield
within 4D6" of the caster that is visible to them.
Then draw an imaginary straight line 1mm wide
between that point and the closest part of the
caster’s base. Roll a dice for each enemy model
passed across by this line. On a 4+, that model’s
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

5

6

Da Great Big Green Hand of Gork: A ghostly

green hand picks up a mob of Ironjawz and
plonks them back down where most needed.

Da Great Big Green Hand of Gork has a casting
value of 7. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly
IRONJAWZ unit wholly within 24" of the caster
that is visible to them and more than 3" from
any enemy units. Remove that unit from the
battlefield and set it up again anywhere on
the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy
units. It may not move in the subsequent
movement phase.

Bash ’Em, Ladz!: The shaman leaks fighty energy
that boosts the prowess of nearby Ironjawz mobs.

Bash ’Em, Ladz! has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, until your next hero phase,
you can add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made
by friendly IRONJAWZ units while they are
wholly within 16" of the caster.

Wrath of Gork: The shaman draws on the
energy of the boyz around them and uses it to
conjure up a mighty fist to pound the foe.

Wrath of Gork has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 16"
of the caster and visible to them, and then roll
2 dice for each friendly IRONJAWZ unit with
2 or more models that is wholly within 16" of
the caster. For each 2+, you can inflict 1 mortal
wound on that enemy unit.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironsunz

IRONSUNZ

Few warclans are as kunnin’ as the Ironsunz. Led by the most tactically gifted orruks that their Megaboss,
Dakkbad Grotkicker, could bash into submission, the many Brute mobs of the Ironsunz advance at a slow but
unstoppable pace before slamming into their foes with surprising speed.

It is Dakkbad’s aim to one day rise to become the boss
of the Great Waaagh! – and he may just be able to pull it
off. If he wishes to usurp Gordrakk’s position, however,
the Megaboss knows he wi l l need the biggest and ’ardest
Ironjawz by his side. The ranks of the Ironsunz are
therefore filled with Brutes and Megabosses. Orruks
respect only strength, and the sight of so many battle-
hardened Ironjawz in stark yellow armour is a sure sign
of the Ironsunz might.

Yet despite the straightforward approach to warfare this
assemblage of green muscle would suggest, the greatest
strength of the Ironsunz is their low but deadly kunnin’.
The warclan has devised many ways to disrupt the enemy
and ensure that their hordes can close in for the kill ,
from stomping the ground hard enough to throw even
the most vaunted swordsman off balance to releasing
ravenous squiggly beasts amongst a foe’s ammunition
stores the night before a battle. They have mastered the
Ironjawz art of the surprise attack, namely waiting for
the enemy to come close before charging in when they
least expect it. Dakkbad chooses his bosses not only on
how hard they can hit – though that certainly plays a part
– but also on their strategic capabilities. The cleverest are
given especially strong armour in order to protect them,
for Dakkbad knows just how difficult it can be to find
Ironjawz with a talent for thinking .

ABILITIES
Ironsunz Kunnin’: The Ironsunz know that the less
they get hit, the more hitting they can do, and they have
come up with all manner of methods to ensure they can
get stuck into the fight.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made by enemy
units that target an IRONSUNZ unit in the first
battle round.

COMMAND TRAIT
An IRONSUNZ MEGABOSS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on page 56.

Right Fist of Dakkbad: Ironsunz generals are

carefully selected by Dakkbad from amongst the
cleverest of their kind.

At the start of the first battle round, you receive 1
additional command point.

COMMAND ABILITY
Alright – Get ’Em!: At a bellowed command, the
Ironsunz start to pick up a surprising momentum, their
sudden onslaught catching the foe utterly off-guard.

You can use this command ability at the end of the
enemy charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
IRONSUNZ unit that is within 12" of an enemy unit,
wholly within 18" of a friendly IRONSUNZ HERO, and
more than 3" from any enemy models. That unit can
attempt to charge.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first IRONSUNZ MEGABOSS to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Sunzblessed Armour.

Sunzblessed Armour: The heavy iron plates worn by
this hulking Megaboss are marked with crude sigils of
Gorkamorka and are so tough they can blunt even the
sharpest blade.

Worsen the Rend characteristic of attacks that target
the bearer by 1 (to a minimum of ‘-’).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bloodtoofs

BLOODTOOFS

The Bloodtoofs hold to a simple philosophy: the first orruk into the fight gets to experience the best of the
scrapping. The warclan hurtles across the Eight Realms at a breakneck pace, massed mobs of Gore-gruntas and
their ground-bound kin fearlessly plunging through Realmgates to find new and ever bloodier battles.

A cloud of thick dust covers the horizon as the Bloodtoofs
close in; waves of Grunta-mounted orruks ride at the
vanguard of the horde, followed by charging, war-hungry
Brutes and Ardboys. True nomads, the Bloodtoofs are
well accustomed to living and fighting on the move. Even
the most heavily armoured amongst them is capable
of keeping up a ferocious pace. By the time the enemy
has grasped the true speed with which the warclan
approaches, the Bloodtoofs are already amongst their
ranks and joyously hacking them apart.

In their quest to smash as many enemies as possible as
quickly as possible, the Bloodtoofs utilise all manner of
means to get themselves into chopping range sooner. The
warclan has a knack of emerging through Realmgates
right in the midst of a good scrap, and the very sight
of such a portal – and knowledge of the fights that no
doubt wait on the other side – is enough to energise
the warriors of the Bloodtoofs. Artefacts and arcane
trinkets that contain spells of translocation or raw speed
are particularly prized by the warclan’s leaders, even if
the orruks do not know – or care – precisely how they
work. The greatest asset to the Bloodtoofs’ rapid style of
warfare, however, is the relentless energy of the Ironjawz
themselves. Those mobs that successfully smash through
the foe seem to gain in momentum, soon speeding off to
find new enemies to trample under foot and hoof.

ABILITIES
Hunt and Crush: The Bloodtoofs are always on the
move. They can cover the ground between themselves
and their enemies in a terrifyingly short amount
of time.

Add 1 to run and charge rolls for BLOODTOOF units
(the charge roll modifier is in addition to the Eager for
Battle modifier).

COMMAND ABILITY
Break Through Da Line: Bloodtoofs eagerly smash
their way through anybody foolish enough to stand
before them, their advance swiftly picking up speed once
the enemy have been crushed into the ground.

You can use this command ability at the end of
your combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BLOODTOOF unit that fought in that combat
phase and that is wholly within 24" of a friendly
BLOODTOOF HERO. That unit can make a normal
move, but cannot run or retreat.

COMMAND TRAIT
A BLOODTOOF general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 56.

Get Da Realmgate: The sight of a Realmgate fills the
Bloodtoofs with joy for the promised battles to come.

If there are any Baleful Realmgate terrain features
on the battlefield when this general uses the Ironjawz
Waaagh! command ability, add 2 to the dice roll that
determines the effect of the ability.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first BLOODTOOF MEGABOSS to receive an
artefact of power must be given the Quickduff Amulet.

Quickduff Amulet: Bloodtoof bosses hoard any magic
artefacts they find that get them into the fight quicker.

Once per battle, the bearer can cast the Great Green
Hand of Gork spell from the Lore of the Weird (pg 59).
If they do so, that spell is automatically cast (do not
roll 2D6) and cannot be unbound.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Da Choppas

DA CHOPPAS

There is no length Da Choppas will not go to in their quest to cast down and defile everything they can get their
grubby green hands on. Whooping and howling at the tops of their voices, vast mobs of Ardboys charge across the
battlefield as a scrum of chequered blue armour, worked into a frenzy by the Choppas’ many Warchanters.

There is nothing Da Choppas love more than causing
some good old-fashioned anarchy on the battlefield.
Seeing themselves as being on a mission to knock over
anything that even resembles civilisation, the warclan’s
Ardboy hooligans are forever chomping at the bit to
reduce the realms back to a pure and primal state, just
as Gorkamorka intended. Those who would dismiss Da
Choppas for possessing fewer Brutes or Gore-gruntas
than other Ironjawz soon find themselves set upon by
large mobs of the loutish orruks , for there is little that
can hope to slow a Choppas charge once they have a
target for their destructive appetites in their sight.

The Weirdnob boss of Da Choppas, Ka-rokk, takes this
riotous agenda very seriously – and has the skull of the
warclan’s former Megaboss mounted on the end of his
staff to make sure the lads remember that he’s in charge.
Warriors of Da Choppas who accomplish particularly
awe-inspiring feats of destruction in Ka-rokk’s eyes are
permitted to wear more chequered patterns on their
battered armour plates than their fellows. A sign of the
Weirdnob’s favour has a positively galvanising effect on
the mobs around such an orruk. Many Warchanters are
permitted to wear these marks; such is the talent of these
orruks for causing a destructive ruckus that entire fists
can be whipped into a violent frenzy all at once by the
furious primal drumming of a Choppa’s Warchanter.

ABILITIES
Vandal Hordes: There is nothing a rowdy mob
of Choppas enjoys more than ripping down and
desecrating the monuments and structures of
their enemies.

You can re-roll charge rolls for CHOPPAS units that are
within 12" of a terrain feature that is fully or partially
in enemy territory.

COMMAND ABILITY
Rabble Rouser: Warchanters of Da Choppas are
experts at whipping large mobs of Ardboys and Brutes
into a violent frenzy.

You can use this command ability when you use a
friendly CHOPPAS WARCHANTER’S Violent Fury
ability. If you do so, you can pick up to 3 different

friendly CHOPPAS BRUTES units and/or CHOPPAS

ARDBOYS units to be affected by the ability instead of
1 friendly IRONJAWZ unit.

COMMAND TRAIT
A CHOPPAS general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 56.

Checked Out: Lots of blue and white checks on a
Choppa’s armour denote a reputation for being dead
’ard, anarchic and brutal on the battlefield.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
CHOPPAS units while they are wholly within 18" of
this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first CHOPPAS WEIRDNOB general to receive an
artefact of power must be given the Megaskull Staff.

Megaskull Staff: The skull mounted atop this staff once
belonged to a mighty Megaboss, and it is still capable of
inspiring a full-blooded Waaagh!

The bearer is treated as having the MEGABOSS
keyword for the purposes of the Ironjawz Waaagh!
command ability (pg 55).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Dakkbad Grotkicker and his Ironsunz are renowned for their kunnin’, though they, like all orruks ,
cannot resist the opportunity to have a good old-fashioned scrap from time to time.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Tornado of Destruction

TORNADO OF DESTRUCTION

BATTLEPLAN

The only thing that Ironjawz love
more than a good fight is to inflict
total, wanton destruction. Any
foe who encounters a rampaging
Ironjaw horde has little option but
to stand and fight. Attempting
to flee will only result in the
destruction of all they hold dear,
and in any case, the Ironjawz will
eventually track them to their
hiding place and force them to
do battle anyway. This leaves the
defenders with no choice but to
attempt to defeat the Ironjawz
before they have penetrated too far
into their homeland. With luck,
they will drive the greenskins back
before the brutish horde can reduce
everything to a blasted wilderness.

The Ironjawz have been looking
for a good scrap for ages, and at
last they have found an opponent
willing to put up a fight. What
is more, they seem determined
to protect some of their puny
buildings and idols from the
orruks. The prospect of a good
punch-up and the chance to inflict
a bit of mindless violence has filled
the Ironjawz with glee, and they
can hardly wait to get stuck in!

THE ARMIES
Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Ironjawz player and
their opponent is the Guardian.
The Ironjawz player must use an
Ironjawz army.

THE BATTLEFIELD
You wi l l need at least 6 terrain
features to use this battleplan. Set
the terrain features up so that at
least half are wholly within the
Guardian’s territory. These terrain
features represent the locations that
the Guardian is defending from the
Ironjawz horde.

SET-UP
The Ironjawz player sets up first,
wholly within their own territory.
The Guardian sets up second, wholly
within their own territory.

FIRST TURN
The Ironjawz player takes the first
turn in the first battle round.

COMMAND ABILITY
The Guardian can use the Living
Bulwark command ability.

Living Bulwark: At a command from

their leaders, the Guardian’s warriors
form a protective barrier to block the
progress of the Ironjawz army.

You can use this command ability at
the start of your movement phase.
If you do so, pick up to D3 friendly
units wholly within 18" of a friendly
HERO. Until your next hero phase,
those units cannot make normal
moves or charge moves, but you can
add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by
those units, and add 1 to save rolls
for attacks that target those units.

VANDALISM
In their hero phase, if any models
from the Ironjawz army are within
3" of a terrain feature that is wholly
within the Guardian’s territory, they
can attempt to vandalise it.

If they do so, each player rolls a dice
and adds the number of friendly
models they have within 3" of the
terrain feature to the roll. If the
Ironjawz player rolls higher, then the
feature has been vandalised.

In addition, one WEIRDNOB
SHAMAN in the Ironjawz army
knows The Gorkamorka Stomp!
spell, in addition to any other spells
that they know.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Ironjawz player must say which

WEIRDNOB SHAMAN knows the

spell when they are set up.

The Gorkamorka Stomp: At the

caster’s demand, a gigantic green foot
descends from the skies and proceeds
to smash the terrain beneath it
to dust!

The Gorkamorka Stomp! has a
casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 terrain feature within
12" of the caster and roll 2D6. If the
roll is equal to or greater than the
distance between the caster and
the terrain feature, then it has been
vandalised (see left).

GLORIOUS VICTORY
The Ironjawz player immediately
wins a major victory if all of the
terrain features wholly within
the Guardian’s territory have
been vandalised. The Guardian
immediately wins a major victory if
every unit in the Ironjawz army has
been destroyed.

If neither player has won a major
victory by the end of the fifth battle
round, the Ironjawz player wins
a minor victory if at least half of
the terrain features wholly within
the Guardian’s territory have been
vandalised, and the Guardian wins
a minor victory if fewer than half
of the terrain features wholly within
their territory have been vandalised .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BONESPLITTERZ ALLEGIANCE
ABILITIES

BONESPLITTERZ
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BONESPLITTERZ BATTLE TRAITS

Bonesplitterz Battle Traits

UNSTOPPABLE SAVAGERY

BONESPLITTERZ WARCLANS

Many Bonesplitterz warclans fight
in their own unique fashion.

If your army is a Bonesplitterz
army, you can give your army
the BONEGRINZ keyword,

DRAKKFOOT keyword,

or ICEBONE keyword. All

BONESPLITTERZ units in your

army gain that keyword, and you
can use the extra abilities listed for
that warclan (pages 70-72).

TIRELESS TRACKERS

A Bonesplitterz army moves at
a relentless pace when hunting
its prey, appearing suddenly and
giving the enemy no time in which
to prepare.

After armies are set up, but before
the first battle round begins, half

the BONESPLITTERZ units in a

Bonesplitterz army (rounding up)
can move up to 5". If both players
can move units before the first
battle round begins, they must roll
off, and the winner chooses who
moves their units first.

WARPAINT

Bonesplitterz are daubed with
warpaint that they believe bestows
the favour of Gorkamorka. The
collective belief is so great that these
charms actually do protect them;
arrows, swords and even arcane
fireballs are all deflected by a self-
generated aura of faith.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a
wound or mortal wound to a model
with this battle trait. On a 6, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

If you have a Bonesplitterz
army, you can use the following
command ability:

Bonesplitterz Waaagh!:

Bonesplitterz fight even harder
when their boss bellows out an
almighty ‘Waaagh!’.

You can use this command
ability once per battle, at the
start of the combat phase, if you
have a Bonesplitterz army and
your general is on the battlefield.
If you do so, roll a dice and
add the number of friendly

BONESPLITTERZ units wholly

within 18" of your general to
the roll.

If the roll is up to 11, until the end
of that phase add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons
used by friendly BONESPLITTERZ
units wholly within 18" of
your general.

If the roll is 12 or more, until
the end of that phase add 2 to
the Attacks characteristic of
melee weapons used by friendly

BONESPLITTERZ units wholly

within 18" of your general.

Extra Hits: Several abilities allow
BONESPLITTERZ units to score 2
hits instead of 1 on an unmodified
hit roll of 6. If two or more such
abilities apply at the same time, you
score 1 extra hit for each ability.
For example, if two such abilities
applied to a unit, it would score 3
hits for each unmodified 6 (1 for
the hit, plus 2 for the two abilities).
If three such abilities applied to a
unit, it would score 4 hits for each
unmodified 6, and so on.

MONSTER HUNTERS

Bonesplitterz mobs are adept
at bringing down the many
ferocious monsters that inhabit the
Mortal Realms.

If a friendly BONESPLITTERZ unit
is within 3" of an enemy MONSTER
when it is chosen to fight, before
it piles in, you can pick one of the
following abilities to apply to it
until the end of that phase:

Wild Abandon: That unit can

move an extra 3" when it piles in.

Stab! Stab! Stab!: Add 1 to hit rolls

for attacks made by that unit that
target a MONSTER.

Berserk Strength: If the

unmodified wound roll for an
attack made by that unit that
targets a MONSTER is 6, that
attack inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

SPIRIT OF THE BEAST

The Bonesplitterz are unrelenting
in their desire to slay the greatest
monsters they can find. When
they do so, the released beast spirit
imbues them with primal courage.

Do not take battleshock tests for

a BONESPLITTERZ unit if any

enemy MONSTERS were slain by
wounds inflicted by that unit in the
same turn.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bonesplitterz Command Traits

BONESPLITTERZ COMMAND TRAITS

HERALDS OF THE GREAT GREEN GOD

WURRGOG PROPHET or SAVAGE BIG BOSS only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Killa Instinkt: This keen-eyed orruk knows
exactly where to strike for maximum effect.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this general is 6, that
attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

Waaagh!-monger: This mighty boss is not only
brutal, but very, very cunning.

If this general is part of your army and on
the battlefield at the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

Great Hunter: This tireless orruk drives his
warclan relentlessly onward in pursuit of prey.

If this general is part of your army, when you
use the Tireless Trackers battle trait, you can
move eligible units 8" instead of 5".

4

5

6

Power of the Beast: This huge orruk is filled
with the life-sustaining power of the beasts they
have slain.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Voice of Da Gods: This Bonesplitter speaks with
the bellowing authority of Gork and Mork.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
BONESPLITTERZ units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

Monster Killa : Slaying a great beast of any kind
drives this boss into a ferocious frenzy of killing.

In the combat phase, after this general has
fought for the first time in that phase, this
general can fight for a second time if they are
within 3" of any enemy MONSTERS.

D3

1

Command Trait

Dead Kunnin’: This shaman

is a surprisingly deep thinker
for an orruk, coming up with
all manner of kunnin’ ways
to bash their enemies.

At the start of the first
battle round, you receive D3
additional command points.

SHAMANISTIC QUIRKS

BONESPLITTERZ WIZARDS only.

2

Master of the Weird: This

shaman has learned how
to harness the magical
power of the Waaagh! to
maximum effect.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling
and unbinding rolls for
this general.

3

Fuelled by the Spirits: This

orruk has absorbed so many
beast spirits that he is a wild
font of Waaagh! energy.

This general knows 1 extra
spell from the Lore of the
Savage Beast (pg 69). In
addition, they can attempt
to cast 1 extra spell in your
hero phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bonesplitterz Artefacts of Power

BONESPLITTERZ ARTEFACTS OF POWER

BOSS BONES AND OTHER GUBBINZ

BONESPLITTERZ HERO only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Dokk Juice: A sip of this potent brew
temporarily grants the imbiber the regenerative
qualities of a troggoth – if they are able to keep it
down for long enough, that is.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can
heal D6 wounds allocated to the bearer.

2

Savage Trophy: This bone trophy has an
inspirational effect on the Bonesplitterz.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
BONESPLITTERZ units while they are wholly
within 18" of the bearer.

3

Lucky Bone: Some bones are just lucky.

Once per phase, you can either re-roll 1 hit
roll or 1 wound roll for an attack made by the
bearer, or you can re-roll 1 save roll for an attack
that targets the bearer.

4

5

6

Glowin’ Tattooz: The most potent tattoos
contain the spirits of powerful beasts, their
glowing magic protecting the orruk from harm.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait to
negate a wound or mortal wound for this model,
it negates the wound or mortal wound on a 4+
instead of a 6.

Greatdrake Toof: These dragon fang weapons
are able to hack apart the enemy with ease.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made with
that weapon is 6, double the damage inflicted by
that attack.

Weepwood Big Shiv: This jagged shiv grows
stronger when fed on the spirits of monsters.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of this weapon.

RESERVOIRS OF WAAAGH! ENERGY

BONESPLITTERZ WIZARD only.

2

Mork’s Boney Bitz: These

bits of bone are especially
strong in the power of the
Great Green God.

You can add 1 to casting
rolls for the bearer. If there
are two or more enemy
MONSTERS within 24" of the
caster, add 2 to casting rolls
instead of 1.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Big Wurrgog Mask: By

tapping into this ancient
mask’s power, the wearer
can shoot deadly green bolts
from their eyes – but if they
stare too long, their head
may explode!

In your hero phase, you
can select 1 enemy unit
within 12" of the bearer that
is visible to them and roll
up to 3 dice. If you do so,
each roll of 2+ inflicts D3
mortal wounds on that unit
and each roll of 1 inflicts
D3 mortal wounds on
the bearer.

3

Mystic Waaagh! Paint:

A shaman marked with
this warpaint is a natural
conduit for the wild power of
Waaagh! magic.

At the start of your hero
phase, roll on the Lore of the
Savage Beast table (pg 69).
The bearer can attempt to
cast that spell in that hero
phase, in addition to any
other spells that they can
normally attempt to cast.
If the bearer already knows
that spell, they can attempt
to cast it 1 extra time in that
hero phase, in addition to
any other spells that they can
normally attempt to cast.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bonesplitterz Spell Lores

BONESPLITTERZ SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from the following table for each BONESPLITTERZ WIZARD in a
Bonesplitterz army.

LORE OF THE SAVAGE BEAST

D6

1

Spell

Squiggly Curse: The shaman transforms a
target into a squiggly beast. Scooping up the poor
unfortunate victim, the orruk squeezes the magic
from the tiny creature to boost their spells.

Squiggly Curse has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HERO within 3"
of the caster and roll a dice. That HERO suffers
D3 mortal wounds. If that HERO is slain by
those mortal wounds, you can add 1 to casting
rolls for the caster for the rest of the battle. If the
casting roll was a double, that HERO suffers D6
mortal wounds instead of D3 mortal wounds.

2

Breath of Gorkamorka: Beseeching Mork (or

maybe Gork) for help, the shaman calls down a
blast of arcane power. Nearby Bonesplitterz are
swept off their feet, hurling them through the air
and into the fray.

Breath of Gorkamorka has a casting value
of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 24" of
the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, double that unit’s Move
characteristic. In addition, until your next hero
phase, that unit can fly. If the casting roll was
a double, triple that unit’s Move characteristic
instead of doubling it.

3

Brutal Beast Spirits: The shaman summons

roaring beast spirits to bolster the speed and
fighting prowess of their boys.

Brutal Beast Spirits has a casting value
of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 24" of the
caster that is visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, add 1 to run and charge rolls for
that unit, and add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by that unit. If the casting roll was a double, you
can select 2 different friendly BONESPLITTERZ
units within 24" of the caster to be affected by
this spell instead of 1.

4

5

6

Bone Krusha: A swirl of green energy coalesces
around the shaman’s head before punching
towards the enemy, breaking bones and
rupturing organs.

Bone Krusha has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 24"
of the caster that is visible to them. If the target
is within 6" of the caster, it suffers D6 mortal
wounds. If the target is more than 6" and within
12" of the caster, it suffers D3 mortal wounds.
If the target is more than 12" from the caster, it
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Kunnin’ Beast Spirits: This spell infuses the

shaman’s boys with stealthy predator spirits.
Enemy attacks struggle to bring them down as
the savage warriors close in for the kill.

Kunnin’ Beast Spirits has a casting value
of 6. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 24" of the
caster that is visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target that unit.

Gorkamorka’s War Cry: The shaman takes

a huge gulp of Waaagh! magic before opening
their mouth impossibly wide and letting it out in
world-shaking roar.

Gorkamorka’s War Cry has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Inflict D3
mortal wounds on that unit. In addition, that
unit fights at the end of the next combat phase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bonegrinz

BONEGRINZ

The Bonegrinz insist that they are the best beast hunters around, and anyone who disagrees is likely to get an
arrow in the gob. The warclan swamps the battlefield with massive numbers of Arrowboys and Savage Orruks,
relying on sheer weight of numbers to batter their foes into submission.

The Bonegrinz don’t have time to waste chasing after
their prey. They find it much more fun to fill their
enemies so fu l l of beast-infused stinga arrows that they
are driven into a primal rage and charge right into the
warclan’s waiting spears. Though they are not great at
hitting anything they are actually aiming at, Bonegrinz
Arrowboys fill the sky with so many missiles that it
rarely makes much difference. While the sun is blotted
out by this ongoing barrage, the warclan’s Savage Big
Bosses goad their chompa-wielding boys into battle
with a combination of shouting, weird shuffling and the
occasional punch in the face.

The Prophets and Bosses that lead the Bonegrinz have
battled some of the fiercest monstrosities to be found
in the realms, and they have gained themselves a
particularly brutal reputation. They adorn themselves
with trophies ripped from creatures they have given a
good kicking, and they enjoy bullying and battering
anything they consider puny – which is basically
everything they lay their beady eyes on. Many of the
Bonegrinz’ Big Bosses charge into battle waving totems
made from the carcasses of different beasts. Maw-krusha
bones are particularly prized, for they often resonate with
the hulking creatures’ mean and cruel spirits. It is said
that those wielding such a potent relic can bellow at the
same ear-splitting volume as the colossal reptiles.

ABILITIES
Bring It On!: The stinga arrows and chompas used by
the Bonegrinz are made from amber-tipped bone that
awakens the beast within their victims, causing the
target to charge forward so the Bonegrinz can get ’em.

Enemy units within 12" of any friendly BONEGRINZ
units at the start of their charge phase must attempt to
charge and must make a charge move if it is possible
for them to do so. In addition, any enemy unit within
3" of a friendly BONEGRINZ unit cannot retreat.

COMMAND ABILITY
Feel Da Spirit!: Bonegrinz Big Bosses are expert
at whipping up the furious spirit of Gorkamorka in
their boys.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BONEGRINZ unit wholly within 18" of a friendly

BONEGRINZ SAVAGE BIG BOSS. Until the end of that

phase, if the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
by that unit is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on the target
instead of 1.

COMMAND TRAIT
A BONEGRINZ general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 67.

A Right Monster: This boss’s reputation for carnage
and slaughter strikes terror into the hearts of their foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 12" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first BONEGRINZ SAVAGE BIG BOSS to receive

an artefact of power must be given a Maw-krusha
Beast Totem.

Maw-krusha Beast Totem: Beast totems are made

from the bones of different monsters, each evoking traits
the Bonegrinz seek to emulate. With their foul temper
and crushing strength, Maw-krushas are always a
popular choice.

Once per battle, in your shooting phase, the bearer can
shoot as if they were armed with an Innard-bursting
Bellow from the Megaboss on Maw-krusha warscroll.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Icebone

ICEBONE

The Icebone hail from the frozen tundras of the Realm of Beasts, and Icebone orruks are as hardy and vicious
as any winter beast from that savage land. Rampaging forth on snorting, white-furred war boars, they swing
weapons crafted from supernatural ice that chill their foes’ blood in their veins.

Befitting a warclan that venerates the spirit of the porcine
godbeast Shattatusk, Gork’s favoured mount, the Icebone
make great use of war boars in battle. They take great
care in breeding the most hardy and foul-tempered of
these beasts, those with stark white fur and a penchant
for ripping off limbs. It is tremendously difficult to bring
down an Icebone boar, for their already thick hides are
covered in a thick layer of hard rime ice that deflects all
but the sharpest weapons. Not only this, but the beasts
are terrifyingly fast, used to dashing across the frozen
plains of the Skyblind Tundras in pursuit of fleeing prey.

The warclan’s favoured tactic is to overwhelm their prey
with bounding hordes of Morboys, who circle the foe
as they hack away with their frost-encrusted weapons.
Every blow chills the blood of the unfortunate victim.
The Icebone show a surprising amount of patience for
greenskins, waiting until their quarry is frozen almost
solid before they rush in to smash it apart.

The greatest prey that the Icebone hunt are the kattanaks .
These bear-like monstrosities are the apex predators of
the Skyblind Tundras, with three heads that can breathe
a stream of flesh-shattering cold. To claim the pelt of
one of these beasts is a truly Gork-worthy task, and
those Icebone Big Bosses who swagger about in one are
considered the hardest orruks around.

ABILITIES
Freezing Strike: Icebone warriors are armed with
weapons made from shards of ice infused with Waaagh!
energy that are capable of freezing whatever they hit
right down to the marrow.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made by an
ICEBONE unit is 6, improve the Rend characteristic of
that attack by 1.

COMMAND ABILITY
Freeze and Run: Icebone boarboys circle the foe on
their boars, charging in to hack away at them before
backing off while their weapons slowly freeze it solid.

You can use this command ability at the end of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly ICEBONE
BOARBOYS unit that is within 3" of an enemy unit and
wholly within 18" of a friendly ICEBONE HERO. That
ICEBONE BOARBOYS unit can retreat. In addition,
until your next charge phase, subtract 2 from charge
rolls for enemy units that were within 3" of that
ICEBONE BOARBOYS unit before it retreated.

COMMAND TRAIT

An ICEBONE MANIAK WEIRDNOB general must have

this command trait instead of one listed on page 67.

Pure-bred War Boar: The Icebone warclan is
renowned across the Mortal Realms for breeding some
of the most dangerous and powerful of all war boars.

Add 2" to this general’s Move characteristic. In
addition, add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made
by this model’s War Boar.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first ICEBONE HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given a Kattanak Pelt.

Kattanak Pelt: Kattanaks are enormous ursine
monsters with three heads from the Skyblind Tundras.
Their pelts are considered inspirational artefacts to the
Icebones and are worn by their greatest champions.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
ICEBONE units while they are wholly within 18" of
the bearer.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Drakkfoot

DRAKKFOOT

No warclan channels the weird magic of Gorkamorka with as much potency as the Drakkfoot. Crazed green
zealots, they believe their holy mission is to rid the realms of gheists and daemons. They aim to do this by zapping
the ‘spookz’ with Waaagh! magic and bashing them with enchanted weapons.

In their own strange way, the Drakkfoot see themselves
as crusaders of Gorkamorka, chosen specifically by the
Great Green God to give the boneless abominations that
haunt the Eight Realms a good battering. Such is their
fervent belief in this sacred duty that they have actually
proven rather successful at it. In true orruk fashion, their
stubborn refusal to tolerate the floaty, ethereal nonsense
of daemons and spectres manifests in a strange ability to
render these foes corporeal – at least long enough to hack
the spook to bits with their chompas. In addition to their
hatred of spectral beings, the Drakkfoot have absolutely
no time for any magic that does not come from the great
green hand of Gorkamorka. The warclan’s Prophets and
Wardokks lead their boys in furious war dances and
shouting matches that can disrupt the very fabric of their
enemy’s spells.

True beings of Aqshy, the Drakkfoot have thoroughly
absorbed the raging magic that swells within the Ashland
Gorelakes, where they make their home. They paint their
tattoos using the bubbling blood of the Gorelakes, and
rather than firing crackling bolts of Waaagh! magic, their
mystical leaders instead hurl fiery spheres of greenish-red
energy that explode with tremendous force, scattering
their foes like dust from an erupting volcano.

ABILITIES
Strength of Purpose: The zealous self-belief of
Drakkfoot orruks disrupts the magic of daemons and
turns spirits corporeal just long enough for the orruks
to hit them.

The Ethereal ability has no effect on attacks made
by a DRAKKFOOT unit. In addition, any ability that
negates wounds has no effect on wounds inflicted by a

DRAKKFOOT unit.

COMMAND ABILITY
Shout Down da Magic!: Drakkfoot prophets and
shamans can inspire their lads to shout so loudly that it
unbinds the spells cast by their enemies.

You can use this command ability after an enemy
WIZARD casts a spell. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
DRAKKFOOT unit with 10 or more models that
is wholly within 18" of a friendly DRAKKFOOT

WURRGOG PROPHET or DRAKKFOOT WARRDOKK.

That unit can attempt to unbind that spell (no other
units can attempt to unbind that spell). Add 1 to the
unbinding roll if that unit has 20 or more models.

COMMAND TRA IT
The general of a Drakkfoot army does not receive a
command trait. Instead, all DRAKKFOOT WIZARDS
know the Fireball spell instead of the Arcane Bolt spell.

Fireball: The shaman conjures a ball of greenish flame
that shoots forward and explodes amongst the foe.

Fireball has a casting value of 5. If successfully cast,
pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of the caster and visible
to them. If that enemy unit has 1 model, it suffers 1
mortal wound; if it has 2-9 models, it suffers D3 mortal
wounds; and if it has 10 or more models, it suffers D6
mortal wounds.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first DRAKKFOOT HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given Burnin’ Tattooz.

Burnin’ Tattooz: These tattoos blaze with a fiery red
light when awakened, burning foes that draw too close.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait to successfully
negate a wound or mortal allocated to the bearer, you
can inflict 1 mortal wound on 1 enemy unit within 1"
of the bearer.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Even fellow forces of Destruction, no matter how brutish, are not safe from the manic
monster hunters and raving shamans of the Bonegrinz Warclan.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Beast Hunt

The goal of the Bonesplitterz is
a straightforward one. Driven
mad by the raging power of
Gorkamorka, they seek to hunt
and kill the mightiest monsters,
harnessing the spirits of these
beasts to bolster their own strength.
In many cases, they will prey on
wild creatures found roaming the
blasted landscapes of each realm,
yet on occasion a warclan will be
fortunate enough to chance upon
an army replete with monstrous
beasts. When such a force is
located, the orruks will hunt it
down with relentless vigour, closing
on their bestial prey with the
certainty of a speeding arrowhead.

This battleplan tells of one such
beast hunt. The Bonesplitterz have
cornered an enemy force that has a
large monstrous contingent upon
the wild plains of Ghur, and now
they are closing in for the kill.
Their foes must try to slow down
the onrushing mobs of orruks
by sacrificing the lives of their
own troops before even the most
ferocious beasts they can muster
are overrun and dragged down by
the frenzied Bonesplitter hordes.

FIRST TURN
The Bonesplitterz player takes the
first turn in the first battle round.

THRILL OF THE HUNT
The Bonesplitterz are filled with the
thrill of the hunt, which has driven
any thoughts of self-preservation
from their minds.

Do not take battleshock tests for
units in the Bonesplitterz army.

SAVAGE BEASTS
The monsters in the Hunted army are
particularly aggressive and savage
examples of their kind.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by
MONSTERS in the Hunted army.

GHUR!
This battle takes place in Ghur, the
fearsome Realm of Beasts.

The following Realm of Battle rules
apply to this battle:

Wildform: The wizard transforms
their allies into swift-moving
bestial forms.

BATTLEPLAN

BEAST HUNT

THE ARMIES
Each player picks an army as described
below. One player is the Bonesplitterz
player and their opponent is the
Hunted. The Bonesplitterz player
must use a Bonesplitterz army. The
following rules and restrictions apply:

Hunted Army: The Hunted army
is chosen first. It must have 1 to 4

MONSTERS. For each MONSTER unit

in the army, it can have up to 2 extra
units that are not MONSTERS.

Bonesplitterz Army: The

Bonesplitterz army is chosen second.
For each MONSTER in the Hunted
army, the Bonesplitterz army can have
up to 3 units, at least one of which
must be a HERO (if available).

SET-UP
The Hunted player sets up first,
anywhere within their territory (see
map). The Bonesplitterz player sets up
second, with all units wholly within 6"
of an edge of the battlefield.

The Bonesplitterz are converging
from several directions at the same
time. Because of this, a maximum of 1
HERO and up to 2 other units that are
not HEROES can be set up within 6" of
each edge of the battlefield.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
GLORIOUS VICTORY
The Bonesplitterz player immediately
wins a major victory if all of the
MONSTERS in the Hunted army
are slain. The Hunted player
immediately wins a major victory if
every unit in the Bonesplitterz army
is destroyed.

If neither player has won a major
victory by the end of the fifth turn,
the Bonesplitterz player wins a
minor victory if at least half of the
MONSTERS in the Hunted army have
been slain, and the Hunted player
wins a minor victory if less than
half of the MONSTERS in their army
have been slain.

WIZARDS know the Wildform spell,
in addition to any other spells that
they know.

Wildform has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit
within 12" of the caster that is visible
to them. Add 2 to run and charge
rolls for that unit until your next
hero phase.

Primal Violence: Here every

creature is red in tooth and claw, and
both predator and prey.

At the end of each combat phase, roll
a dice. On a 6, carry out that combat
phase again before moving on to the
battleshock phase (do not roll again
at the end of the second combat
phase to see if a third combat phase
takes place).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BIG WAAAGH! ALLEGIANCE
ABILITIES

BIG WAAAGH!
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BIG WAAAGH! BATTLE TRAITS

POSSESSED BY THE POWER OF THE WAAAGH!

THE BIG WAAAGH!

When orruks gather together as
part of a Big Waaagh!, the power
of Gorkamorka builds in them over
time, reaching a climax of violent
energy that is eventually unleashed
with utterly destructive results.

The abilities bestowed by the
Big Waaagh! are determined
with Waaagh! points. You
receive Waaagh! points in the
following ways:

D6 pts

At the start of your hero
phase, if your general is
on the battlefield. If your
general is GORDRAKK,
you receive 6 Waaagh!
points instead of D6.

2 pts

1 pt

1 pt

1 pt

1 pt

At the start of your hero
phase, for each friendly

WARCHANTER that is on

the battlefield.

At the start of your hero
phase, for each friendly
friendly WURRGOG

PROPHET and WARDOKK

that is on the battlefield.

In your charge phase, for
each friendly ORRUK unit
with 10 or more models
that makes a charge move.

At
the start of your combat
phase, for each friendly
ORRUK HERO within 3" of
an enemy unit.

At the start of your
combat phase, for each
friendly ORRUK unit
with 10 or more models
that is within 3" of an
enemy unit.

The maximum number of Waaagh!
points you can have is 30. Once your
Waaagh! points reach this total, any
further increases are ignored.

If your Waaagh! points are
subsequently reduced to less than
30, you can start collecting Waaagh!
points once more, but any that were
ignored are permanently lost.

The number of Waaagh! points your
army has determines which of the
following Waaagh! powers your
army receives. Note that the powers
are cumulative – you have all of the
powers that have a Waaagh! power
point requirement that is equal to or
less than your army’s current total.

Pts

4

Waaagh! Power

Zog ’Em: As the power of the
Waaagh! builds, the orruks
close with cowardly enemies
attacking from range.

At the end of any phase, if any
wounds or mortal wounds
have been inflicted in that
phase on an ORRUK unit
that is more than 9" from any
enemy units, that ORRUK unit
can move D6".

6

Zap ’Em: The Waaagh! energy
empowers the magical abilities
of any orruk shaman.

You can use the Waaagh!
Magic battle trait (see right).

8

12

16

20

Get ’Em: The growing power
of the Waaagh! sees the
orruks charge into battle with
renewed haste.

Add 1 to charge rolls for
friendly ORRUK units.

Laugh at ’Em: Surrounded

by a nimbus of green energy,
the orruks shrug off even the
mightiest blows.

Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly ORRUK
model. On a 6, that wound or
mortal wound is negated.

Smash ’Em: As the Waaagh!
pounds through their skulls,
the orruk hordes fight with a
trance-like intensity and focus.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons
used by friendly ORRUK units.

Bash ’Em: As the Waaagh!
begins to reach a crescendo, its
green energy strengthens the
sinews of the orruks .

Add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made with melee
weapons used by friendly
ORRUK units.

24

WAAAGH!: The Waaagh!
becomes barely containable,
and requires just one last push
to reach a critical mass.

Your general can use the Da
Big Waaagh! command ability
(see right).

Big Waaagh! Battle Traits

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WAAAGH! MAGIC

If you have a Big Waaagh! army with
at least 6 Waaagh! points, before
making any casting, dispelling
or unbinding rolls for a friendly
WIZARD, you can say that they wi l l
draw on the power of the Waaagh!
If you do so, you can reduce your
army’s Waaagh! points by D3 points
and add 1 to that casting, dispelling
or unbind roll, or by D6 points and
add 2 to that casting, dispelling or
unbind roll.

You cannot use this battle trait more
than once for the same WIZARD in
the same phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

If you have a Big Waaagh!
army, you can use the following
command abilities.

You can use this command ability
at the start of the combat phase if
you have a Big Waaagh! army with
at least 24 Waaagh! points and
your general is on the battlefield.
If you do so, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used
by friendly ORRUK units until the
end of that phase. You cannot use
this command ability more than
once per phase.

At the end of any phase in which
you use this command ability, you
must roll a dice. On a 1, reduce the
Waaagh! points for your army to 0.
On a 2-5, halve the Waaagh! points
for your army (rounding down). On
a 6, nothing happens.

OTHER BIG WAAAGH!
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
Units in a Big Waaagh! army can
have the following allegiance abilities
in addition to the Big Waaagh! battle
traits. Except where modified below,
the normal rules for taking
allegiance abilities apply (you cannot
give a HERO more than 1 artefact of
power, command traits do not apply
to mounts, and so on).

COMMAND TRA ITS

If your army has an IRONJAWZ
general, you can give them a
command trait from the Ironjawz
Command Traits tables (pg 56).

’Ere We Go, ’Ere We Go, ’Ere We

Go!: The leaders of a Big Waaagh!
know that a rousing chorus of ’Ere
We Go does wonders for stoking the
power of the Waaagh!

If your army has a BONESPLITTERZ
general, you can give them
a command trait from the
Bonesplitterz Command Traits tables
(pg 67).

You can use this command ability
at the start of your hero phase. If
you do so, choose 1 friendly ORRUK
HERO. You receive 1 Waaagh!
point for every 10 ORRUK models
that are within 12" of that ORRUK
HERO, or within 18" of that ORRUK
HERO if they are a general or a
WARCHANTER. You cannot use this
command ability more than once in
the same phase.

Da Big Waaagh!: An Orruk warboss
can unleash the full fury of his
green horde by bellowing out a full-
throated cry of ‘Waaagh!’.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

One HERO in a Big Waaagh! army
can have an artefact of power. You
may choose 1 additional HERO to
have an artefact of power for each
warscroll battalion you include in
your army.

Any artefact of power taken for an
IRONJAWZ HERO must come from
the Ironjawz Artefacts of Power
tables (pg 57).

Any artefact of power taken for a

BONESPLITTERZ HERO must come

from the Bonesplitterz Artefacts of
Power tables (pg 68).

MOUNT TRA ITS

1 IRONJAWZ HERO in a Big Waaagh!
army can have an Ironjawz mount
trait (pg 58). You may choose 1
additional IRONJAWZ HERO to have
a mount trait for each warscroll
battalion you include in your army.

WARCHANTER WARBEATS
1 IRONJAWZ WARCHANTER in

a Big Waaagh! army can have a
Warchanter warbeat (pg 58). You
may choose 1 additional IRONJAWZ
WARCHANTER to have a Warchanter
warbeat for each warscroll battalion
you include in your army.

SPELL LORES
Each IRONJAWZ WIZARD in a Big

Waaagh! army knows 1 spell from
the Ironjawz Spell Lores table (pg 59).

Each BONESPLITTERZ WIZARD in

a Big Waaagh! army knows 1 spell
from the Bonesplitterz Spell Lores
table (pg 69).

Big Waaagh! Example: It is

the start of the Orruk player’s
first hero phase. Their general is
on the battlefield, so they roll a
dice and get a 2, giving them 2
Waaagh! points. They also have
a Warchanter on the battlefield,
which gives them another 2
points, for 4 points altogether.
This is just enough to activate
the Zog ’Em Waaagh! power (see
left), and the power will remain
active as long as the Orruk player
has at least 4 Waaagh! points.

By the end of their second
turn, the Orruk player has
accumulated 10 Waaagh! points,
and so the Zap ’Em and Get ’Em
Waaagh! powers have also been
activated. By the start of the
combat phase in their third turn,
the Orruk player has 26 Waaagh!
points (including the points for
the units within 3" of the enemy),
and decides to use their Da Big
Waaagh! command ability. At
the end of that phase they roll a
dice, getting a 4, which means
they must halve the number of
Waaagh! points they have from
26 down to 13.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband will gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband to
follow their champion into battle.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and you
wi l l be crowned as the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND
In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select your army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that are
used to generate the units in the
warband and the rewards they can
receive for fighting battles. The
warband tables included in this
battletome let you collect an Orruk
warband, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
warbands from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name,
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer, instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes
a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your warband
after a battle (see Rewards of
Battle). In either case, in order to
generate a follower unit from the
table, you must have enough rolls
and/or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory
Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they
can otherwise take any options
allowed by their warscroll. Record
all of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally, give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!
Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use an Orruk warband
in a Path to Glory game, you
can use the Ironjawz battle traits
from page 55 if all the models in
the warband are IRONJAWZ, the
Bonesplitterz battle traits from page
66 if all the models in the warband
are BONESPLITTERZ, and the Big
Waaagh! battle traits from pages
76-77 if the warband has a mix of

IRONJAWZ and BONESPLITTERZ.

You cannot use the Ironjawz or
Bonesplitterz Warclans battle traits
in Path to Glory. You cannot use any
other allegiance abilities that are not
battle traits.


PAGEBREAK
2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on the champion rewards
table for your warband
and note the result on
your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have a Champion’s
Reward you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
their mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster. A
unit can only receive one
Follower’s Reward. If all of
your follower units have
one Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY
There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign : by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win
the campaign . If the next battle
you fight is tied or lost, you do not
receive any Glory Points – just keep
on fighting battles until you win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen
a campaign by lowering or
raising the number of Glory
Points needed to win by Blood
or the number of extra units that
must join a warband to win by
Might. For example, for a shorter
campaign , you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.

Any casua lt ies suffered by a
warband are assumed to have been
replaced in time for its next battle .
If your champion is s la in in a
batt le , it is assumed that they were
merely injured ; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game , th irs ty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY
A l l of the players in the campa ign
are vy ing for glory. The amount
of g lory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumu lated . As
a warband ’s g lory increases , it w i l l
a lso attract additiona l followers,
and a warband ’s champion may be
granted rewards .

Warbands receive Glory Points
after a batt le is complete. If the
warband drew or lost the batt le , it
receives 1 Glory Point. If it won the
batt le , it receives D3 Glory Points
(re-roll a result of 1 if it won a

major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you w i l l have a chance to w in the
campa ign (see Eterna l Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE
After each batt le you can take one
of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take .

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll
that can be used to select a
new unit from a followers
table and add it to your
warband roster. See step 3
of Creating a Warband for
de ta i ls of how to use the
followers table to add a unit
to your warband . Once 5
new units have joined your
warband , you w i l l have a
chance to w in the campa ign
(see Eterna l Glory).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ORRUK WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
that fight at their side, and the rewards they receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Megaboss on Maw-krusha

Orruk Megaboss

Maniak Weirdnob

Savage Big Boss

Wurrgog Prophet

Follower Rolls

1

4

4

4

4

IRONJAWZ BIG ’UNS FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-4

5-6

Followers

5 Orruk Brutes

3 Orruk Gore-gruntas

ORRUK FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-3

4-5

6

Bonesplitterz

10 Savage Orruks

10 Savage Orruk Arrowboys

10 Savage Orruk Morboys

ORRUK HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-2

3-4

5

6

Bonesplitterz

Savage Big Boss

Wardokk

Maniak Weirdnob

Wurrgog Prophet

BONESPLITTERZ BOARBOYS FOLLOWERS
TABLE

D6

1-4

5-6

Followers

5 Savage Boarboys

5 Savage Boarboy Man iaks

Ironjawz

10 Orruk Ardboys

10 Orruk Ardboys

10 Orruk Ardboys

Ironjawz

Orruk Megaboss

Orruk Warchanter

Orruk Weirdnob Shaman

Orruk Weirdnob Shaman

Orruk Warband Tables

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
BONESPLITTERZ ORRUKS AND BOARBOYS FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Freezing Strike: These warriors are armed with
weapons made from shards of ice infused with
Waaagh! energy, and they are capable of freezing
whatever they hit right down to the marrow.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by this unit is 6, improve the Rend characteristic
of that attack by 1.

Strength of Purpose: The zealous self-belief
of this mob disrupts the magic of daemons and
turns spirits corporeal just long enough for the
orruks to hit them.

The Ethereal ability has no effect on attacks
made by this unit. In addition, any ability
that negates wounds has no effect on wounds
inflicted by this unit.

Bring It On!: The weapons used by this mob are
made from amber-tipped bone that awakens the
beast within their victims, causing the target to
charge forward so the orruks can get ’em.

Enemy units within 12" of this unit at the start
of their charge phase must attempt to charge
and must make a charge move if it is possible
for them to do so. In addition, any enemy unit
within 3" of this unit cannot retreat.

4

5

6

Shout Down da Magic!: This mob shouts

so loudly that it unbinds the spells cast by
their enemies.

This unit can attempt to unbind 1 spell in the
enemy hero phase (no other units can attempt to
unbind that spell).

Extra Warpaint: When this mob gathers for
battle, the shamans daub its warriors in an extra
layer of warpaint making them especially lucky.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait for this
unit, you can re-roll the dice that determines if a
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Dead Sneaky: The orruks of this mob can
be surprisingly sneaky when they want to be,
catching out the foe with an unexpected advance
or a sudden surprise attack.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, this unit
can make a normal move or shoot.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

IRONJAWZ CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Hulking Muscle-bound Brute: Even by orruk

standards, your champion is enormous, and
he is ever eager to throw his immense weight
around in battle.

After your champion makes a charge move,
you can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this
champion and roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Brutish Cunning: After countless battles, your
champion has learnt how to get his boys stuck
into the enemy as quickly as possible.

Once per battle round, your champion can
use the Mighty Destroyers command ability
without spending 1 command point.

Ironclad:

Incoming blows bounce harmlessly off
your champion’s impressively robust armour.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
your champion.

4

5

6

Good at Finkin’: Your champion is amongst the
cleverest of his kind.

At the start of the first battle round, you receive
1 additional command point.

The Golden Toof: To acquire this prized fang,
an orruk must first smash it out of the mouth of
its previous owner.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
IRONJAWZ units while they are wholly within
12" of your champion.

Daubing of Mork: The Daubing of Mork
is a mark of great favour bestowed upon a
particularly resilient orruk .

Roll a dice each time a wound or mortal wound
is allocated to your champion. On a 6, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

BONESPLITTERZ CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Waaagh!-monger: This mighty champion is not
only brutal but very, very cunning.

If your champion is part of your army and
on the battlefield at the start of your hero
phase, roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

Power of the Beast: This huge orruk is filled with
the life-sustaining power of the beasts it has slain.

Add 2 to your champion’s Wounds characteristic.

Glowin’ Tattooz: The most potent tattoos
are those that contain the spirits of powerful
beasts, their glowing magic protecting the orruk
from harm.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait to
negate a wound or mortal wound allocated to
your champion, it negates the wound or mortal
wound on a 4+ instead of a 6.

4

5

6

Greatdrake Toof: Weapons fashioned from the
remains of dragons and drakes always stay sharp,
their edges able to hack off limbs from even the
largest creatures.

Pick one of your champion’s melee weapons.
If the unmodified wound roll for an attack
made with that weapon is 6, double the damage
inflicted by that attack.

Mystic Waaagh! Paint: This warpaint

opens your champion’s mind so that more of
Gorkamorka’s power can pour into it.

At the start of your hero phase, roll on the Lore
of the Savage Beast table (pg 69). Your champion
can attempt to cast that spell in that hero phase,
in addition to any other spells that they can
normally attempt to cast.

A Right Monster: Your champion has a
particularly nasty reputation that strikes terror
into the hearts of their foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
your champion.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D3

1

2

3

IRONJAWZ ORRUKS AND BIG ’UNS FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Zog ’Em: These orruks can’t stand cowardly
enemies attacking them from range.

At the end of any phase, if any wounds or
mortal wounds have been inflicted in that phase
on this unit and it is more than 9" from any
enemy units, this unit can move D6".

Up and At ’Em: Urged on by their boss, this
mob is forever rushing forwards to get stuck into
the fight.

Once in each of your hero phases, the leader
of this unit can use the Mighty Destroyers
command ability (pg 55) on this unit without
spending 1 command point.

Weird Mob: This mob is so filled with
Waaagh! energy that it overcharges the spells of
nearby Weirdnobs.

If a friendly WEIRDNOB SHAMAN is wholly
within 18" of this unit while this unit has 10 or
more models, it can use its Brutal Power ability to
attempt to cast Green Puke twice, in addition to
any other spells it can cast, instead of only once.

4

5

6

Hunt and Crush: This mob is always on the
move, and they can cover the ground between
them and their enemies in a terrifyingly short
amount of time.

Add 1 to run and charge rolls for this unit (this
charge roll modifier is in addition to the Eager
for Battle modifier).

Vandal Hordes: There is nothing this rowdy
mob enjoys more than ripping down and
desecrating the monuments and structures of
their enemies.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit if it is
within 12" of a terrain feature that is fully or
partially in enemy territory.

Kunnin’ Plans: This mob has devised all kinds
of cunning plans to avoid getting hit early on in
the battle.

In the first battle round, subtract 1 from hit
rolls for attacks made by enemy units that target
this unit.

ORRUK HERO FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

IRONJAWZ

BONESPLITTERZ

Reward

Hulking Muscle-bound Brute: Even by orruk

standards, this hero is enormous.

After your hero makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this hero and
roll a dice. On a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Brutish Cunning: After countless battles, your
hero has learnt how to get his boys stuck into the
enemy as quickly as possible.

Once per battle round, your hero can use the
Mighty Destroyers command ability without
spending 1 command point.

Ironclad:

Incoming blows bounce harmlessly off
your hero’s impressively robust armour.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
your hero.

D3

1

2

3

Reward

Power of the Beast: This huge orruk is filled with
the life-sustaining power of the beasts it has slain.

Add 2 to your hero’s Wounds characteristic.

Glowin’ Tattooz: This hero’s glowing tattoos
protect them from harm.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait to negate
a wound or mortal wound allocated to your hero,
it negates the wound or mortal wound on a 4+
instead of a 6.

Greatdrake Toof: Weapons fashioned from the
remains of dragons and drakes always stay sharp.

Pick one of your hero’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made with
that weapon is 6, double the damage inflicted by
that attack.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes Orruk warscrolls and warscroll battalions. Updated October 2019; the warscrolls printed
here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BRAWL

The ground shakes under the clanking, shuddering march of an Ironjawz brawl. Filled with mobs of hulking,
bloody-minded orruks smashed together into mighty fists by their bosses, it is a vast green tide that sweeps away
armies, kingdoms and empires in an endless storm of belligerent violence.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Orruk Megaboss

• 1 Orruk Warchanter

• 1 Orruk Weirdnob Shaman

• 3-5 Brutefist, Gorefist, Ardfist,
Weirdfist or Ironfist warscroll
battalions in any combination.

ABILITIES
Boss Waaagh!: The Megaboss that leads a brawl is able to channel and direct
the Waaagh! energy generated by the orruks under his command through his
subordinate war leaders.

Once per battle, if your general is from this battalion and is on the battlefield,
another ORRUK HERO from this battalion can use the Ironjawz Waaagh!
command ability. This does not stop the general from using the Ironjawz
Waaagh! command ability, but you cannot use the command ability more
than once in the same combat phase.

Brawl

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
W ith a rousing battle cry, the brawl impacted the
Khornate line with the force of a stampeding
gargant tribe. Even the maddened blood-frenzy
of the Chaos worshippers could do little to save them
from being dragged down and summarily crushed by the
momentum of the charging Brutefists and Gorefists. Had
anyone asked Grokka, the green-skinned warlord would
no doubt have claimed it was true orruky kunnin’ that
had seen him move his toughest mobs to absorb the wrath
of the Bloodbound. The truth was far simpler. The biggest
and toughest Ironjawz had simply bullied their way to the
front of the brawl’s warpath, and as such had been the
first to crash into combat with the Khornates.

Not that it really mattered, the Megaboss supposed from
atop his Maw-krusha, Godsnappa. A fight was a fight
after all, and you had to give the Khornates credit – they
knew how to scrap. Even now, several mortally wounded
Chaos boys were attempting to hack through Godsnappa’s
thick-scaled hide with their cruel axes. The Maw-krusha
let out a noise that Grokka could have sworn was a
chuckle, before raising one of its huge fists and flattening
the Khornates with a sickening bony crunch.

The endless drumbeats of the brawl’s Warchanters filled
the air as he exhorted his boys to further acts of carnage.
The sound of his pounding heart rang in the orruk’s ears.
Or, at least, Grokka thought it did. As he carved through
a rank of frothing Bloodbound, Grokka realised that the
ground itself seemed to be shuddering and reverberating
in time with the drumming. As he strained his ears to
listen over the clash of blades and cries of the dying, the
Megaboss heard a heavy metallic clang ringing over and
over. He could not help but chortle. The Ardboys that
followed along after his warclan might have been a bit
peculiar, muckin’ about with all that ‘formation ’ and
‘taktikz’ strangeness, but when fury overtook them, they
were as willing to get into a proper scrap as any other
orruk. They stomped their iron-shod feet in time with the
drumming of the brawl’s Warchanters, the sound sinking
into the mind of every greenskin present. Grokka could
feel it spreading through his brutish soul, the pounding
rhythm of Gorkamorka’s war cry driving out what few
rational thoughts the Megaboss could be said to possess.

A green haze had descended over Grokka’s vision, and
not just from the erratic sorceries being hurled around
the battlefield by his Weirdnobs. Godsnappa’s rampage
had taken the Megaboss right to the fore of the heaving
orruk mass, yet even as he put distance between himself

and his Warchanters, the sound of drums did not fade.
Thick ropes of saliva looped from between Grokka’s sharp
tusks as wild battle lust filled him. The sound of choppas
crunching bones and cleaving flesh, the spark of axes
clanging off iron, the guttural bellows of his fellow orruks
– all of it contributed to the crushing tumult of battle that
filled Grokka’s mind. And above it all was the endless
drumming, the voice of his boisterous god that egged the
Ironjawz on to further and further heights of violence.

Amongst the Khornate throng, Grokka spotted a foe that
might provide a worthy challenge. With a bloodthirsty
howl, the Daemon Prince smashed aside its own servants
as it pushed to the forefront of the melee, burning spittle
flying from its mouth. With a wordless cry of his own,
Grokka urged Godsnappa towards the dark champion.

The Daemon Prince’s wings carried it into the air, out
of the immediate warpath of the Maw-krusha’s charge. It
lashed out with its glowing rune-axe, burying the blade
in the thick iron armour that covered Grokka’s chest. The
Megaboss stumbled back a step, blinking in surprise – but
not pain. Even with the daemonic power behind the blow,
it could not penetrate the haze of fury that surged through
Grokka. The orruk boss looked back up at the Daemon
Prince with a grin, wrapping a thick hand around the
shaft of the axe .

‘You ain’t so tough,’ the Megaboss grunted before
yanking the daemon closer and slashing at the creature
with his own blade. A shriek left the Daemon Prince as
it flew back, intending to dive in again and bathe in the
orruk’s blood. But it had underestimated Godsnappa,
who was fully capable of flight. With a howl, the Maw-
krusha reared up, battering the Daemon Prince from the
air and into the ground. The beast’s thick fists smashed
onto the prone daemon over and over, soon reducing it to
little more than an ethereal crimson smear.

A howl of furious denial went up from the Khornate
warhorde as they saw their overlord so brutally
obliterated. Grokka tugged the cruel axe from his chest
with a grunt of effort, tossing the heavy, blood-slicked
weapon away without a second thought. The drumming
in his head had reached a fever-pitch now, Gorkamorka’s
angry shout filling his mind. Throwing back his head, the
Megaboss let loose a primal howl, one that was soon taken
up by every orruk of his raging brawl.

‘Waaagh!’

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ardfist

ORGANISATION

• 1 Orruk Warchanter

• 3-5 Orruk Ardboys units

Brutefist

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ARDFIST

ABILITIES
Drawn to the Waaagh!: The powerful beat drummed out
by a Warchanter draws ever more Ardboys to the fight.

You can use this command ability if the ORRUK
WARCHANTER from this battalion is on the battlefield
when a unit from this battalion is destroyed. If you do so,
roll a dice. On a 4+, a new ORRUK ARDBOYS unit with
10 models is added to this battalion. Set up the new unit
wholly within 6" of the edge of the battlefield and more
than 9" from any enemy units.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BRUTEFIST

ORGANISATION

• 3-5 Orruk Brutes units

Pick 1 Brute Boss from a unit in this battalion to be
the battalion’s Big Boss. That model has a Wounds
characteristic of 5 instead of 3.

Gorefist

ABILITIES

Green-skinned Battering Ram: A Brutefist is a tide of

destruction that can pulverise even the toughest of foes.

After a model from a unit in this battalion makes a
charge move, you can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of that
model and roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy unit suffers
1 mortal wound. If that model’s unit has more than 1
model, roll to determine if a mortal wound is inflicted
each time a model from that unit completes its charge
move, but do not allocate the mortal wounds until all of
the models in that unit have moved.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GOREFIST

ORGANISATION

• 3-5 Orruk Gore-gruntas units

Pick 1 Gore-grunta Boss from a unit in this battalion
to be the battalion’s Big Boss. That model has a
Wounds characteristic of 7 instead of 5.

ABILITIES
Da Boss’s Big Idea: Gore-grunta Big Bosses often come
up with all manner of ‘kunnin’ taktikz’ to ensure their
lads can get into the scrap. Once the battle gets properly
underway, however, such formations invariably break
apart in all the excitement.

In your first hero phase, each unit from this battalion
that is wholly within 18" of the Big Boss from the same
battalion at the start of that hero phase can make a
normal move, but cannot run .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ironfist

WARSCROLL BATTALION

IRONFIST

ORGANISATION

• 3-5 Orruk Brutes, Orruk Gore-gruntas or Orruk
Ardboys units in any combination

Pick 1 Brute Boss or Gore-grunta Boss from a unit in
this battalion to be the battalion’s Big Boss. Add 2 to
that model’s Wounds characteristic.

ABILITIES
Up and At ’Em: Urged on by their Big Boss, the mobs of
an Ironfist are forever rushing forwards to get stuck into
the fight.

Once in each of your hero phases, the Big Boss from
this battalion can use the Mighty Destroyers command
ability (pg 55) as if they were a MEGABOSS and without
spending 1 command point.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WEIRDFIST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Orruk Weirdnob Shaman

• 3-5 Orruk Brutes or Orruk Ardboys units in
any combination

ABILITIES
Weird Energy: The focused Waaagh! energy absorbed by
a Weirdfist’s shaman has a tendency to overcharge their
spells and incantations.

If the WEIRDNOB SHAMAN from this battalion is wholly
within 18" of 2 or more units from the same battalion that
each have 10 or more models, it can use its Brutal Power
ability to attempt to cast Green Puke twice, in addition to
any other spells it can cast, instead of only once.

Weirdfist

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Big Rukk

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BIG RUKK

As the rukks of a Bonesplitterz warclan gather in number, the roiling Waaagh! energy that surrounds them
reaches a fever pitch. The warpaint covering each orruk’s hide glows and squirms with renewed vigour, deflecting
even the most sundering strikes as the savage mobs charge headlong into the fray.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Wurrgog Prophet

• 3-5 Brutal Rukk, Kop Rukk,
Kunnin’ Rukk, Snaga Rukk or
Teef Rukk warscroll battalions
in any combination

ABILITIES
Big Rukk Warpaint: When a Big Rukk gathers for battle, the raging power of
the Waaagh! that surrounds its warriors powers up their warpaint and makes
it even more protective.

When you use the Warpaint battle trait for a unit from this battalion, you can
re-roll the dice that determines if a wound or mortal wound is negated.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
T h e crack of aethershot filled the air as the
Kharadron discharged their firearms. The hail of
projectiles shredded the first rank of the Savage
Orruks . As they slumped to the ground, the other
Bonesplitterz hooted and howled, chanting nonsense war
cries as they surged forth. A few tripped and stumbled
over the bodies of their kin, but the majority of the
warclan continued to advance unbroken.

‘Reload and reform, you wazzocks!’ Midshipman
Krondlsson roared, his aetherflare pistol smoking in
the aftermath of the deadly salvo. Despite the imminent
threat, his Arkanauts responded with the professionalism
Krondlsson demanded, loosing a last few shots before
falling back towards the pair of skyvessels floating over
the craggy plateau. Around them, fellow Companies,
detachments of the Grundstok corps and a few bobbing
Skyriggers retreated in similar good order, though several
of the duardin were spitted by the rain of sharp flint-
tipped arrows shot from the heaving mass of orruks .

Behind his aether-suit’s mask, Krondlsson scowled.
A simple take, the Admiral had said, an easy profit
to be made. The Harkraken graveyard, amidst Ghur’s
Twelve-Tusk mountains, was a treasure trove of amber
realmstone nestled amongst the colossal bones of the
aerial predators. Few ground-dwellers would be mad
enough to trek up the perilous mountains to plunder the
boneyards. The Kharadron had expected to drop in from
above and swiftly make off with the valuable resources,
but it appeared – to the duardins’ misfortune – that the
Bonesplitterz were crazed enough to scale the peak.

‘I want another salvo to drop the next rank on their
green backsides, then prepare to rappel up to the
Grundklaz!’ said Krondlsson, straining to project his deep
voice over the clamour of shot and whooping chants. With
a curse, the duardin had to duck, only narrowly avoiding
one of the many green beams of deadly light that shot
through the air. He had never known orruks to prefer
mysticism to simple violence, but these Bonesplitterz
employed magic with truly reckless abandon. The spell
hit an Endrinrigger who had been hovering just behind
Krondlsson. The Midshipman did not turn, but still
winced as he heard his fellow Kharadron let out a pained
cry before exploding in a blaze of blinding green light.

Shaking off his fellow duardin’s unpleasant demise,
Krondlsson aimed his pistol once more. He sighted
down it, but in truth the Midshipman could hardly
miss. The sea of tattooed green flesh that surrounded the
Kharadron privateers was dense enough to ensure that
accuracy wouldn’t be a problem. With a wordless grunt,
the duardin picked out what looked like a particularly
hulking war leader. The hooting orruk swung its heavy
axe round and round its head, whipping its kin into a wild
frenzy as the mobs came on relentlessly.

‘You’ll do,’ Krondlsson thought in the moments before
he fired. In the same instance, the Grundklaz and its
sister ship, the Skrandunk, unleashed their own barrage
of heavy-calibre aethershot into the Bonesplitterz.
Krondlsson’s chosen target, along with the orruks around
it, disappeared under a brief cloud of raw firepower. The
grin on the duardin’s face faltered as the obfuscation
began to clear. Many orruks had fallen, but many –
including the Bonesplitter champion – also remained
standing. Barely a scratch, or at least new scratches, could
be seen marking their leathery green flesh as their tattoos
glowed and seemed to move of their own accord. The
Savage Orruk boss let out a howling war cry as it raised its
weapon, soon levelling it at the Kharadron holdout.

It was time to go. As rappelling lines descended from the
twin frigates, Krondlsson could only watch as the slowest
Arkanaut Companies to retreat were overwhelmed by a
mass of boar-riding orruks swinging twin weapons with
furious energy. Consoling himself with the time-honoured
principle that those who fell behind were left behind,
Krondlsson attached the cable to his belt and gave it a
tug. The winches mounted upon the Grundklaz heaved for
just a moment before beginning to lift the Midshipman,
as well as those of his crew who had connected themselves
in time. Skyriggers had darted down to recover those
Arkanauts who had lagged, though at least one duo was
brought down by more sustained arrow fire.

As he was lifted into the air, Krondlsson’s eyes were
drawn to the orruks surging across the ground below.
Larger shapes moved through the mobs, bludgeoning
their fellow greenskins out the way. Magnifying the zoom
provided by his helmet, the Midshipman realised that
they were teams of two orruks carrying massive bone-
tipped spears. One of the pairs had crested a small rocky
pile that rose amidst the boneyard. Howling and gibbering
to each other, the Bonesplitterz took a moment to line
themselves up, testing the weight of their weapon just
a little.

‘No,’ whispered Krondlsson, his eyes widening as he
realised what the orruks intended. With a howl, the
Bonesplitterz hurled their spear through the air with
startling accuracy. It slammed into the underside of the
hovering Grundklaz, shearing straight through the metal.
The impact reverberated through the ship, sparks of green
energy coruscating along its superstructure until they
reached the volatile aether-turbines. With an ear-splitting
boom, the magic that had been locked within the bone
spear caused the ship’s endrin to detonate violently,
shredding much of the Frigate – and the attached
rappelling lines along with it.

Krondlsson and his crew barely had time to scream
before they plummeted into the chanting mass of
Bonesplitterz below.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Brutal Rukk

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BRUTAL RUKK

ORGANISATION

• 1 Savage Big Boss

• 2-5 Savage Orruks or Savage Boarboys units in
any combination

ABILITIES
Savage Swiftness: Every Bonesplitter wants to be first
into the scrap, and they will run at breakneck pace to
ensure they get to the most powerful bones first.

Units from this battalion that are wholly within 12" of
the same battalion’s Big Boss at the start of the charge
phase can run and still charge later in the same turn .

Kop Rukk

ORGANISATION

• 2-5 Wardokks

• 2-5 Savage Orruk Morboys units

WARSCROLL BATTALION

KOP RUKK

ABILITIES
Savage Weird Power: The build up of Waaagh! energy in
the presence of so many crazed orruks supercharges the
Wardokks’ power, making them even more dangerous.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
WARDOKK from this battalion that is wholly within
18" of 2 or more units from the same battalion that each
have 10 or more models. That WARDOKK can attempt
to cast the Fists of Gork spell from the Wurrgog Prophet
warscroll in that phase, in addition to any other spells it
can cast.

Kunnin’ Rukk

WARSCROLL BATTALION

KUNNIN’ RUKK

ORGANISATION

• 1 Savage Big Boss

• 2-5 Savage Orruks or Savage Orruk Arrowboys
units in any combination

ABILITIES
Dead Sneaky: The small mobs that make up a Kunnin’
Rukk can be surprisingly sneaky when they want to be,
catching out the foe with a sudden surprise attack.

In your hero phase, pick 1 unit from this battalion that
is wholly within 12" of the SAVAGE BIG BOSS from the
same battalion. That unit can make a normal move or
shoot. Units from this battalion cannot have more than
20 models.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Snaga Rukk

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SNAGA RUKK

ORGANISATION

• 1 Maniak Weirdnob

• 2-5 Savage Boarboy Maniaks units

ABILITIES
Maniak Stampede: Nothing can stop the mobs of a Snaga
Rukk from charging full pelt once they have the enemy
in sight.

You can re-roll charge rolls for units from this battalion
while they are wholly within 12" of the MANIAK
WEIRDNOB from the same battalion.

Teef Rukk

ORGANISATION

• 1 Savage Big Boss

• 2-5 Savage Big Stabbas units

WARSCROLL BATTALION

TEEF RUKK

ABILITIES
We’re Da Best!: The Big Stabbas of a Teef Rukk are
always looking to prove to their boss that they are killier
than any of the other mobs in the warclan.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by units from this battalion while they are
wholly within 12" of the SAVAGE BIG BOSS from the
same battalion.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Gordrakk, The Fist of Gork

WARSCROLL

16

3+

8

GORDRAKK, THE FIST OF GORK

Gordrakk is the mightiest of all orruks, a living embodiment of the power of
Gorkamorka. From atop his armoured Maw-krusha, Bigteef, the Fist of Gork fights at
the head of his Great Waaagh!, brutally crushing the mightiest enemy warriors.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Innard-bursting Bellow

MELEE WEAPONS

Smasha
Kunnin’
Mighty Fists and Tail

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

8"

6

2+

3+

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

5
5

To Hit

2+
2+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1
-2

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1
2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-10
11-13
14+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Mighty Fists and Tail

Massively Destructive Bulk

9
8
7
6
5

9 dice
8 dice
7 dice
6 dice
5 dice

COMMAND ABILITIES

Voice of Gork: Gordrakk’s bellow carries the
elemental force of his god and inspires his forces
to surge into the enemy, hacking, bludgeoning and
stomping with furious abandon.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase. If you do so, pick up to 3
friendly DESTRUCTION units wholly within 24"
of this model. Until the end of that phase, add 1
to hit rolls for attacks made by that unit. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase, and a unit cannot benefit
from this ability and the Go on Ladz, Get Stuck
In! ability in the same phase.

DESCRIPTION

Gordrakk , the Fist of Gork, is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with Smasha
and Kunnin’.

MOUNT: Gordrakk’s Maw-krusha, Bigteef,
attacks with an Innard-bursting Bellow and his
Mighty Fists and Tail.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Massively Destructive Bulk : Bigteef is such an

unstoppable avalanche of ill-tempered muscle that
he turns all in his path into pulverised meat, and
reduces terrain to rubble.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a number of dice equal to the Massively
Destructive Bulk value on this model’s damage
table. For each 5+, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

In addition, after this model makes a charge
move, you can pick 1 terrain feature within 1" of
this model and roll a number of dice equal to the
Massively Destructive Bulk value on this model’s
damage table. If any of the dice are a 6, units no
longer receive the cover modifier to their save
rolls for being on or within that terrain feature.

If the mortal wounds inflicted by this model’s
Massively Destructive Bulk mean there are no
enemy models left within 3" of it, then it can

attempt to make another charge move, and can
make another Massively Destructive Bulk attack
after that move if the charge is successfully
carried out. This model can attempt to make any
number of charge moves in a single turn, so long
as each one results in all enemy models within 3"
being slain.

Kunnin’: Kunnin’ is filled with the power of Mork
and eagerly seeks out enemy wizards to slay.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by Kunnin’ that targets a WIZARD is 4+, that
attack inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target
and the attack sequence ends (do not make a
save roll).

Smasha: Smasha is filled with the brutal
power of Gork, making it especially lethal to
enemy champions.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by Smasha that targets a HERO that is not a
WIZARD is 4+, that attack inflicts D3 mortal
wounds on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a save roll or damage roll).

Strength from Victory: The more fights a

Megaboss wins, the stronger they become.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, add 1
to this model’s Wounds characteristic and
add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of Smasha
and Kunnin’.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, MAW-KRUSHA, IRONJAWZ, MONSTER, HERO, MEGABOSS, GORDRAKK

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Megaboss on Maw-krusha

15

3+

8

WARSCROLL

MEGABOSS

ON MAW-KRUSHA

A charging Maw-krusha is a terrifying force of destruction, capable of pulverising
entire formations single-handedly. The Megabosses that ride these beasts are amongst
the most deadly of their kind, inspiring their lads through feats of excessive brutality.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Innard-bursting Bellow

MELEE WEAPONS

Boss Gore-hacka and Choppa
Boss Choppa and Rip-toof Fist
Mighty Fists and Tail

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

8"

D6

2+

3+

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

8
6

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1
-2

Damage

1

Damage

2
2
2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-10
11-13
14+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Mighty Fists and Tail

Destructive Bulk

8
7
6
5
4

8 dice
7 dice
6 dice
5 dice
4 dice

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Megaboss on Maw-krusha is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Boss Gore-hacka and Choppa; or Boss Choppa
and Rip-toof Fist.

MOUNT: This model’s Maw-krusha attacks with
an Innard-bursting Bellow and its Mighty Fists
and Tail.

FLY: This model can fly.

Destructive Bulk : A Maw-krusha is an

unstoppable avalanche of ill-tempered muscle that
turns all in its path into pulverised meat.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a number of dice equal to the Destructive
Bulk value on this model’s damage table. For
each 5+, that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

If the mortal wounds inflicted by this model’s
Destructive Bulk mean there are no enemy
models left within 3" of it, then it can attempt
to make another charge move, and it can make
another Destructive Bulk attack after that move
if the charge is successfully carried out. This
model can attempt to make any number of
charge moves in a single turn, so long as each one
results in all enemy models within 3" being slain.

Rip-toof Fist: Orruks armed with one of the
jagged gauntlets of heavy pig iron known as a
rip-toof fist can block an enemy’s blow before
launching a deadly counter-attack with the
weapon’s fearsome twin-pronged spikes.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack that
targets a model with a Rip-toof Fist is 6, the
attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound after all of
its attacks have been resolved.

Strength from Victory: The more fights a

Megaboss wins, the stronger they become.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, add 1 to
this model’s Wounds characteristic and add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of this model’s Boss
Choppa and Rip-toof Fist or this model’s Boss
Gore-hacka and Choppa.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Go on Ladz, Get Stuck In!: With a well-timed

punch or ear-splitting bellow, a Megaboss inspires
the Ironjawz under their command to fight all
the harder.

You can use this command ability at the
start of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly IRONJAWZ unit wholly within 12" of
a friendly model with this command ability, or
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability that is a MONSTER. Until the
end of that phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit. A unit cannot benefit from
this command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, MAW-KRUSHA, IRONJAWZ, MONSTER, HERO, MEGABOSS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Orruk Megaboss

7

4"

8

3+

WARSCROLL

ORRUK MEGABOSS

Clad in layers of thick iron and wielding massive weapons, Megabosses lead the charge
of the Ironjaw warclans. The very act of fighting empowers these barbarous warlords.
Once in the midst of combat, they are almost impossible to slay.

MELEE WEAPONS

Boss Choppa and Rip-toof Fist

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

6

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

An Orruk Megaboss is a single model armed
with a Boss Choppa and Rip-toof Fist.

ABILITIES

Rip-toof Fist: Orruks armed with one of the
jagged gauntlets of heavy pig iron known as a
rip-toof fist can block an enemy’s blow before
launching a deadly counter-attack with the
weapon’s fearsome twin-pronged spikes.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack that
targets this model is 6, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Strength from Victory: The more fights a

Megaboss wins, the stronger they become.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, add 1 to
this model’s Wounds characteristic and add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of this model’s Boss
Choppa and Rip-toof Fist.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Go on Ladz, Get Stuck In!: With a well-timed

punch or ear-splitting bellow, a Megaboss inspires
the Ironjawz under their command to fight all
the harder.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, HERO, MEGABOSS

You can use this command ability at the
start of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly IRONJAWZ unit wholly within 12" of
a friendly model with this command ability, or
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability that is a MONSTER. Until the
end of that phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit. A unit cannot benefit from
this command ability more than once per phase.

With a rowdy fist of Ironjawz following in his wake, a Megaboss of the Bloodtoofs searches out new enemies
to smash, bash or otherwise hack into little pieces.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Orruk Warchanter

6

4"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

ORRUK WARCHANTER

The booming rhythm of a Warchanter’s drumming draws orruks to battle from
miles around. As the tempo of violence increases, so does the furious energy of a
Warchanter’s beat, driving those Ironjawz nearby into a destructive frenzy.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gorkstikk and Morkstikk

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

6

4+

3+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

An Orruk Warchanter is a single model armed
with a Gorkstikk and Morkstikk .

ABILITIES

Rhythm of Destruction: The Waaagh! power

coursing through a Warchanter lends their attacks
a boundless, febrile energy that enemies soon
come to fear.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Gorkstikk and Morkstikk is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

Violent Fury: Warchanters excel at stoking a
wanton destructive fury in their lads .

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
IRONJAWZ unit wholly within 15" of this model.
Until your next hero phase, add 1 to the damage
inflicted by attacks made with melee weapons by
that unit. A unit cannot benefit from this ability
more than once per phase.

Orruk Weirdnob Shaman

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, HERO, TOTEM, WARCHANTER

WARSCROLL

6

4"

6

5+

ORRUK WEIRDNOB SHAMAN

With crackling green light spilling from their eyes, Weirdnob Shamans channel the
savage energy of the Waaagh! In battle, they unleash this power with glee, letting loose
blasts of searing force that tear through the enemy ranks like a choppa through flesh.

MELEE WEAPONS

Waaagh! Staff

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

3

4+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

An Orruk Weirdnob Shaman is a single model
armed with a Waaagh! Staff.

ABILITIES

Brutal Power: A Weirdnob Shaman channels the
Waaagh! energy emitted by nearby orruk mobs.

If this model is wholly within 18" of a friendly
IRONJAWZ unit with 10 or more models at the
end of its hero phase, it can attempt to cast the
Green Puke spell in addition to any other spells
it can cast, and even if a WIZARD has already
attempted to cast the Green Puke spell in that
hero phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Green
Puke spells.

Green Puke: The Weirdnob vomits forth a green
river of searing ectoplasm.

Green Puke has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 point on the battlefield
within 2D6" of the caster that is visible to them,
and draw an imag inary straight line 1mm wide
between that point and the closest part of the
caster’s base. Each unit that has models passed
across by this line suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, HERO, WIZARD, WEIRDNOB SHAMAN

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Orruk Brutes

3

4"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

ORRUK BRUTES

Charging into battle with joyous bellows, Brutes seek out the largest enemies to batter
into submission. Wearing the thickest armour and wielding huge weapons, they enjoy
nothing more than dishing out a good and proper bashing.

MELEE WEAPONS

Pair of Brute Choppas
Jagged Gore-hacka
Gore-choppa
Boss Choppa
Boss Klaw and Brute Smasha

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
2"
1"
1"

4
3
3
3
4

3+
3+
4+
3+
4+

3+
3+
3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1
-1
-1

1
1
2
2
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Orruk Brutes has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Pair of Brute
Choppas; or Jagged Gore-hacka. 1 in every
5 models can replace their weapon option with
a Gore-choppa.

BRUTE BOSS: 1 model in this unit can be a
Brute Boss. Replace the Brute Boss weapon
option with a Boss Choppa, or a Boss Klaw and
Brute Smasha.

ABILITIES

Duff Up da Big Thing: Brutes excel at fighting
and killing the most powerful of foes.

Add 1 to the hit rolls for attacks made by
this unit that target a unit with a Wounds
characteristic of 4+.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, BRUTES

Orruk Gore-Gruntas

5

9"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

ORRUK GORE-GRUNTAS

Brutish snorting and ground-shaking hoofbeats herald the approach of the Gore-
gruntas. The charge of these beasts hits home like the fist of Gorkamorka himself,
their orruk riders bellowing war-cries as they add their own might to the slaughter.

MELEE WEAPONS

Pig-iron Choppa
Jagged Gore-hacka
Tusks and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
1"

4
3
4

3+
3+
4+

3+
3+
4+

-1
-1
-

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Orruk Gore-gruntas has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Pig-iron Choppa; or
Jagged Gore-hacka.

MOUNT: This unit’s Gore-gruntas attack with
their Tusks and Hooves.

GORE-GRUNTA BOSS: 1 model in this unit

can be a Gore-grunta Boss. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Pig-iron Choppa or
Jagged Gore-hacka.

Gore-grunta Charge: Even by the destructive
standards of the Ironjawz, a Gore-grunta charge
is horrific to behold. Enemies vanishing under an
unstoppable tide of grunting muscle.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 1" of
a model from this unit after the model from this
unit finishes a charge move. On a 4+, that enemy
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. If this unit has more
than 1 model, roll to determine if mortal wounds
are inflicted after each model completes its charge
move, but do not allocate the mortal wounds until
after all of the models in the unit have moved.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, GORE-GRUNTAS

In addition, add 1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for
attacks made with this unit’s Jagged Gore-hackas
and Tusks and Hooves if this unit made a charge
move in the same turn.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Orruk Ardboys

2

4"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

ORRUK ARDBOYS

Mobs of Ardboys plough into the fray to the sound of booming war-drums and the
clatter of heavy iron plate. Each Ardboy is a ferocious, battle-scarred fighter, smashing
his way through the ranks of the enemy with a variety of crude but deadly weapons.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ardboy Choppas

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

2

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Ardboys has any number of models,
each armed with Ardboy Choppas. Up to 2 in
every 5 models in the unit can each carry an
Orruk-forged Shield.

ARDBOY BOSS: 1 model in this unit can be an
Ardboy Boss. Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Ardboy Choppas.

WAAAGH! DRUMMER: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Waaagh! Drummer. Add
2 to charge rolls for a unit while it includes any
Waaagh! Drummers.

STANDARD BEARERS : 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can either be a Gorkamorka Banner
Bearer or a Gorkamorka Glyph Bearer.

Gorkamorka Banner Bearer: Add 2 to the Bravery

characteristic of this unit while it includes any
Gorkamorka Banner Bearers.

Gorkamorka Glyph Bearer: Subtract 1 from the

Bravery characteristic of enemy units while
they are within 3" of any friendly Gorkamorka
Glyph Bearers.

ABILITIES

Orruk-forged Shields: These bulky shields are

almost as tough as the orruks who carry them.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound to a
model carry ing an Orruk-forged Shield. On a 6,
that wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, ARDBOYS

Ironskull’s Boyz

WARSCROLL

2

4"

6

4+

IRONSKULL’S BOYZ

Everyone agrees that Gurzag Ironskull’s Ardboys are the toughest orruks around.
Anyone foolish enough to challenge this notion is likely to receive a bone-crushing
headbutt from Gurzag, or otherwise be bashed and hacked to pieces by his warriors.

MELEE WEAPONS

’Eadbutt
Pair of Ardboy Choppas
Ardboy Big Choppa

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"

1
2
2

4+
3+
4+

3+
3+
3+

-
-1
-1

D3
1
2

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Ironskull’s Boyz has 4 models. 3 models are each
armed with a Pair of Ardboy Choppas, and 1
model is armed with an Ardboy Big Choppa.

GURZAG IRONSKULL: One of the 3 models

armed with a Pair of Ardboy Choppas is Gurzag
Ironskull. He is also armed with an ’Eadbutt. In
addition, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
his Pair of Ardboy Choppas.

Dead ’Ard: Whether through natural hardiness or
sheer belligerence, Ironskull and his boys fight on
through the most grievous wounds, hollering and
cheering as they batter their foes into the ground.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this unit. On a 6, the wound
or mortal wound is negated. Wounds or mortal
wounds allocated to Gurzag Ironskull are
negated on a 5+ instead of a 6.

Paired Choppas: A pair of choppas can be used
to creating a swirling arc of destruction that is
almost impossible to avoid.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a Pair of
Ardboy Choppas.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, IRONJAWZ, IRONSUNZ, ARDBOYS, IRONSKULL’S BOYZ

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Wurrgog Prophet

7

5"

8

5+

WARSCROLL

WURRGOG PROPHET

Filled with the power of the Waaagh!, the Wurrgog Prophets lead the endless beast
hunts of the Bonesplitter warclans. The magic of these powerful wizards is awe-
inspiring to behold – that is, for those not on the end of their destructive spells.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wurrgog Staff and Bone Shiv
Fanged Maw

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

4
D3

4+
4+

3+
3+

-
-

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Wurrgog Prophet is a single model armed with
a Wurrgog Staff and Bone Shiv.

COMPANION: A Wurrgog Prophet is
accompanied by a Squiggly Beast that attacks
with its Fanged Maw. For rules purposes, it is
treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Beast Mask: The mask of a Wurrgog Prophet
radiates the primal aura of Gorkamorka.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this model.

Prophet of Da Waaagh!: A Wurrgog Prophet’s

visions have a knack of aiding in battle.

Fists of Gork: Great green fists rain down from
the sky to pummel the foe.

If this model is part of your army and on the
battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a
dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 command point.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast 2 spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Fists
of Gork spells.

Fists of Gork has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 24"
of the caster that is visible to them, and roll a
number of dice equal to the number of models
in that unit. For each 6, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If the casting roll was 10+, inflict 1
mortal wound for each 4+ instead of each 6.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, HERO, WIZARD, WURRGOG PROPHET

Savage Big Boss

6

5"

7

6+

WARSCROLL

SAVAGE BIG BOSS

Savage Big Bosses lead by brutal example, carving a bloody path deep into the ranks
of the foe as they sever limbs and hack off heads. At his bellowed command, the
Bonesplitter hordes renew their attack, stampeding forth with howls of battle lust.

MELEE WEAPONS

Boss Chompa

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

6

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Savage Big Boss is a single model armed with a
Boss Chompa.

Let Me At ’Em: A Savage Big Boss cannot wait
to get to grips with the foe, and his manic fervour
inspires any Bonesplitterz nearby to get into the
fight as soon as possible.

After this model has fought in a combat phase
for the first time, you can pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit that has not yet fought in
that combat phase, that is within 3" of an enemy
unit and that is wholly within 12" of this model.
That unit fights immediately, before the opposing
player picks a unit to fight in that combat phase.
That unit cannot fight again in that combat phase
unless an ability or spell allows it to fight more
than once.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Savage Attack: With a guttural bellow and a
swing of their axe, the Savage Big Boss orders an
all-out attack upon the foe.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 12" of a
friendly model with this command ability. Until
the end of that phase, if the unmodified hit roll
for an attack made by that unit is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, HERO, SAVAGE BIG BOSS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Maniak Weirdnob

6

12"

7

6+

WARSCROLL

MANIAK WEIRDNOB

Their minds utterly consumed by furious beast spirits, Maniak Weirdnobs hurtle into
battle atop hulking war boars. Their staffs are carved from the bones of the mightiest
monsters, the caged power within driving Bonesplitter mobs into a deadly fury.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bonebeast Staff
Tusks and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

3
2

4+
4+

3+
4+

-
-

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Maniak Weirdnob is a single model armed
with a Bonebeast Staff.

MOUNT: This model’s War Boar attacks with its
Tusks and Hooves.

ABILITIES

Tusker Charge: The charge of a maddened war
boar is terrifying to behold.

Add 1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks
made with this unit’s Tusks and Hooves if this
unit made a charge move in the same turn .

Weird Squig: A Maniak Weirdnob’s squiggly
beast is filled with Waaagh! energy.

Once per turn, you can re-roll a casting,
dispelling or unbinding roll for this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast
1 spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Bone Spirit spells.

Bone Spirit: The Maniak Weirdnob draws out
the great spirit locked within their bonebeast staff
and infuses nearby mobs of Bonesplitterz with its
bestial fury.

Bone Spirit has a casting value of 7. If this spell
is successfully cast, you can pick 1 friendly
BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 12" of the
caster and visible to them. Until your next hero
phase, if the unmodified hit roll for an attack
made by that unit is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on
the target instead of 1.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, HERO, WIZARD, MANIAK WEIRDNOB

Wardokk

5

5"

7

6+

WARSCROLL

WARDOKK

Each Wardokk is a potent shaman, their maddened capering a tribute to the Great
Green God. The magic of their ritual dances can shield their allies from harm, attract
yet more Waaagh! energy, and even heal the most grievous of wounds.

MELEE WEAPONS

Bonebeast Stikk

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

1

4+

3+

-

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Wardokk is a single model armed with a
Bonebeast S t ikk .

ABILITIES

Ritual Dance: Wardokks perform strange ritual
dances to summon the power of Gorkamorka to
aid them and their allies.

At the start of your hero phase, you can say
that this model is performing one of the
following dances:

Grimdokk Dance: Pick 1 friendly

BONESPLITTERZ model within 12" of this
model and roll a dice. On a 3+, you can heal up to
D3 wounds allocated to that model.

Glyphdokk Dance: Pick 1 friendly

BONESPLITTERZ unit wholly within 12" of
this model and roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to save
rolls for attacks that target that unit until your
next hero phase. A unit cannot benefit from this
ability more than once per phase.

WIZARD until your next hero phase. A unit
cannot benefit from this ability more than once
per phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast
1 spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells.

Weirddokk Dance: Pick 1 friendly

BONESPLITTERZ WIZARD wholly within 12"

of this model and roll a dice. On a 3+, add 1 to
casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls for that

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, HERO, PRIEST, WIZARD, WARDOKK

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Savage Orruks

2

5"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

SAVAGE ORRUKS

Savage Orruks cross the battlefield as a howling tide of tattooed green flesh. As more
of these frenzied greenskins mob together, the Waaagh! energy flowing through them
grows stronger, until they become akin to a raging storm of primal destruction.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Chompa
Savage St ikka

1"
2"

2
2

4+
4+

3+
4+

-
-

1
1

Bone Shield: The primitive shields carried by the
Bonesplitterz offer increased protection in melee.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this unit.

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Orruks has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of
the following weapon options: Chompa; or
Savage S t ikka .

SAVAGE BOSS: 1 model in this unit can be a
Savage Boss. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Chompa or Savage St ikka .

SKULL THUMPER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Skull Thumper. Add 2
to charge rolls for a unit while it includes
any Skull Thumpers.

BONE TOTEM BEARER : 1 in every 10 models

in this unit can be a Bone Totem Bearer. Add 1
to the Bravery characteristic of a unit while it
includes any Bone Totem Bearers.

ABILITIES

Spirit of Gorkamorka: Large groups of

Bonesplitterz are soon filled by a primal battle lust
that sees them strike with increased speed.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by this unit while it has 15 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, SAVAGE ORRUKS

Savage Boarboys

3

12"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

SAVAGE BOARBOYS

Mobs of Savage Boarboys thunder across the land, hunting endlessly for new monsters
to slay. Their sharp, primitive weapons skewer the enemy with ease, while their
snorting war boar mounts trample over any foolish enough to get in their way.

MELEE WEAPONS

Chompa
Savage St ikka
Tusks and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
1"

3
3
2

4+
4+
4+

3+
4+
4+

-
-
-

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Boarboys has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of
the following weapon options: Chompa; or
Savage St ikka .

MOUNT: This unit’s War Boars attack with their
Tusks and Hooves.

SAVAGE BOSS: 1 model in this unit can be a
Savage Boss. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Chompa or Savage S t ikka .

BOAR THUMPER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Boar Thumper. Add 2 to
charge rolls for a unit while it includes any
Boar Thumpers.

BONE TOTEM BEARER : 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Bone Totem Bearer. Add 1
to the Bravery characteristic of a unit while it
includes any Bone Totem Bearers.

ABILITIES

Boarboy Charge: The charge of a mob of boar-
mounted orruks is terrifying to behold.

Add 1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks
made with this unit’s Savage St ikkas and Tusks
and Hooves if this unit made a charge move in
the same turn .

Bone Shield: The primitive shields carried by the
Bonesplitterz offer increased protection in melee.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this unit.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, BOARBOYS, SAVAGE BOARBOYS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Savage Big Stabbas

4

5"

6

6+

WARSCROLL

SAVAGE BIG STABBAS

Carrying Gorktoof spears, massive weapons capable of felling a Stardrake, Big
Stabbas seek to slay the greatest of beasts. Even should these daring orruks be killed,
they will hurl their huge spears to bring down their target in a final act of defiance.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Gorktoof

3"

3

3+

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Big Stabbas has any number of
models, each armed with a Gorktoof.

ABILITIES

Da Final Fling: Should a Big Stabba team be
slain, they will use their final breath to hurl their
Gorktoof spear at the foe.

Each time a model from this unit is slain by an
attack made with a melee weapon, before the
model is removed from play, pick 1 enemy unit
within 3" of the slain model and roll a dice. Add
2 to the roll if that enemy unit is a MONSTER.
On a 4+, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

The Bigger They Are...: A Gorktoof spear is so

large that it can inflict crippling wounds on even
the most monstrous of foes.

The Damage characteristic of an attack
made with a Gorktoof is D6 if the target is

a MONSTER.

Savagely Enthusiastic: The orruks of a Big

Stabba team waste no time in getting to grips with
their prey.

This unit can run and still charge in the
same turn .

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, SAVAGE BIG STABBAS

Savage Orruk Morboys

2

5"

6

6+

WARSCROLL

SAVAGE ORRUK MORBOYS

Roaring unintelligible war cries, the Morboys are amongst a warclan’s deadliest
warriors. Each possesses a deep connection to the wild spirit of Gorkamorka, growing
stronger and more manic as monstrous foes are slain around them.

MELEE WEAPONS

Chompa and Toof Shiv

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

3

4+

3+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Orruk Morboys has any number
of models, each armed with a Chompa and
Toof Shiv.

SAVAGE BOSS: 1 model in this unit can be a
Savage Boss. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Chompa and Toof Shiv.

SKULL THUMPER: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Skull Thumper. Add 2 to
charge rolls for a unit while it includes any
Skull Thumpers.

BONE TOTEM BEARER : 1 in every 10 models

in this unit can be a Bone Totem Bearer. Add 1
to the Bravery characteristic of a unit while it
includes any Bone Totem Bearers.

ABILITIES

Spirit of Gorkamorka: Large groups of

Bonesplitterz are soon filled by a primal battle lust
that sees them strike with increased speed.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by this unit while it has 15 or
more models.

Power of the Beast Spirit: Morboys become even

more brutal as great beasts are slain and their
spirits released.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this unit if any enemy MONSTERS
have been slain.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, SAVAGE ORRUK MORBOYS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Savage Boarboy Maniaks

WARSCROLL

3

12"
6+

6

SAVAGE BOARBOY MANIAKS

Maniaks are amongst the most unhinged of all Bonesplitterz, each one brimming with
the power of the Waaagh! Their mounted mobs hoot and holler as they charge across
the battlefield, smashing into the foe and laying about them with wild abandon.

MELEE WEAPONS

Pair of Chompas
Tusks and Hooves

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

4
2

4+
4+

3+
4+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Boarboy Maniaks has any
number of models, each armed with a Pair
of Chompas.

MOUNT: This unit’s War Boars attack with their
Tusks and Hooves.

SAVAGE BOSS MANIAK : 1 model in this

unit can be a Savage Boss Maniak . Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that model’s Pair
of Chompas.

BOAR THUMPER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Boar Thumper. Add 2 to
charge rolls for a unit while it includes any
Boar Thumpers.

BONE TOTEM BEARER : 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Bone Totem Bearer. Add 1
to the Bravery characteristic of a unit while it
includes any Bone Totem Bearers.

ABILITIES

Maniak Fury: The more Maniaks there are, the
crazier it gets! Waaagh!

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Pairs of Chompas while it has 5 or more models.

Tusker Charge: The charge of a maddened war
boar is terrifying to behold.

Add 1 to hit rolls and wound rolls for attacks
made with this unit’s Tusks and Hooves if this
unit made a charge move in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, BOARBOYS, SAVAGE BOARBOY MANIAKS

Savage Orruk Arrowboys

WARSCROLL

2

5"

5

6+

SAVAGE ORRUK ARROWBOYS

Arrowboys favour Mork’s kunnin’ tactics, and they take joy in pincushioning their
foes while their backs are turned. Mobs of Arrowboys will stick a monster full of sharp
projectiles from a distance before closing in to finish them off with sharp bone shivs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Stinga Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Bone Shiv
Chompa

Range

18"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2

5+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1
3

4+
4+

4+
3+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Savage Orruk Arrowboys has any
number of models, each armed with a Stinga
Bow and Bone Shiv.

SAVAGE ARROW BOSS: 1 model in this unit

can be a Savage Arrow Boss. A Savage Arrow
Boss can be armed with a Stinga Bow and
Chompa instead of a Stinga Bow and Bone Shiv.

SKULL THUMPER: 1 in every 10 models
in this unit can be a Skull Thumper. Add 2

to charge rolls of a unit while it includes any
Skull Thumpers.

BONE TOTEM BEARER : 1 in every 10 models

in this unit can be a Bone Totem Bearer. Add 1
to the Bravery characteristic of a unit while it
includes any Bone Totem Bearers.

Improve the Rend characteristic of an attack
made with a Stinga Bow by 1 if the target is

a MONSTER.

Loadsa Arrows: Large groups of Arrowboys carry
with them a huge stockpile of extra arrows, which
they fire off with boundless enthusiasm.

ABILITIES

Aim Fer Its Eyes: Arrowboys have great
experience in bringing down monstrous beasts at
range with their Stinga Bows.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of missile
weapons used by this unit while it has 15 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

DESTRUCTION, ORRUK, BONESPLITTERZ, SAVAGE ORRUK ARROWBOYS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to
take a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger
units are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied
their size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum
sized unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit
that has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by an Orruk army.
Updated October 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date
or no publication date.

ORRUKS

UNIT

Savage Orruks
Maniak Weirdnob
Orruk Megaboss
Orruk Warchanter
Orruk Weirdnob Shaman
Savage Big Boss
Wardokk
Wurrgog Prophet
Gordrakk , the Fist of Gork
Megaboss on Maw-krusha
Ironskull’s Boyz

Orruk Ardboys

Orruk Brutes

Orruk Gore-gruntas

Savage Big Stabbas

Savage Boarboy Man iaks

Savage Boarboys

Savage Orruk Arrowboys

Savage Orruk Morboys

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

10
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
4

5

5

3

2

5

5

10

10

30
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
4

30

20

12

8

20

20

30

30

120/300
120
150
110
110
100
80
160
540
460
80

90

140

160

100

140

130

120

120

Unique

Unique
Battleline in Ironjawz
or Big Waaagh! army
if unit has 10 or
more models
Battleline in
Ironjawz or Big
Waaagh! army
Battleline in
Ironjawz or Big
Waaagh! army

Battleline in
Bonesplitterz army
Battleline in
Bonesplitterz or Big
Waaagh! army
Battleline in
Bonesplitterz or Big
Waaagh! army
Battleline in
Bonesplitterz army

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ORRUKS

UNIT

Ardfist
Big Rukk
Brawl
Brutal Rukk
Brutefist
Gorefist
Ironfist
Kop Rukk
Kunnin’ Rukk
Snaga Rukk
Teef Rukk
Weirdfist

FACTION

Big Waaagh!
Bonesplitterz
Ironjawz

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-

120
80
140
140
120
130
160
140
140
120
140
140

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

ALLIES

Gloomspite Gitz
Ironjawz, Gloomspite Gitz
Bonesplitterz, Gloomspite Gitz

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
DEATH BATTLETOME:
FLESH-EATER COURTS

Bound by the madness of their kings, the Flesh-eater Courts surge
across the land in search of their next grisly feast.

Once noble denizens of the Mortal Realms, the mordants of the
Flesh-eater Courts now scrabble amongst the ruins of their decayed
civilisations. In their deranged minds they believe themselves to be
knights and men-at-arms, defending their kingdoms against hostile
invaders, but in truth they are savage cannibals, driven by the vampiric
insanity of their abhorrants to depraved acts of slaughter.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY CORE BOOK

From across the Mortal Realms, disparate warbands make the dark
pilgrimage to the Eightpoints. The cursed and the damned are
drawn by the Call of the Everchosen. These cannibal tribespeople,
tyrannical despots and ambitious cut-throats have dedicated their
souls to the Chaos Gods. They now seek to earn the favour of mighty
Archaon, Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse, and a place
within his unholy legions. Yet others also brave the monster-haunted
wilds of this cursed domain – questing knights, tormented spirits,
battle-obsessed brutes and countless more. Some are driven by duty,
others by avarice or an overwhelming desire for revenge.

Warcry is a tabletop skirmish wargame in which two or more players
control rival warbands of Citadel Miniatures, each with their own
unique weapons, warriors and abilities. This book contains the
core rules for Warcry, as well as rules for open play, narrative play,
matched play and more. Inside, you will also find information on
the Eightpoints and its twisted denizens, along with an inspiring
miniatures showcase.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
