
PAGEBREAK
The Ossiarch Bonereapers come forth in
macabre splendour,
for they are Nagash’s will
given form. All
that
they kill becomes theirs,
body and soul.

There is a way to keep these undead horrors
from the gates,
to keep their nadirite blades
from sinking into living flesh. It is an option
the Ossiarch leaders take pains to outline in
dry, sepulchral
tones, negotiating with their
victims-to-be in a morbid mockery of a parley.
The heart turns cold as the true horror of their
proposal becomes clear: by giving unto them a
sufficient offering of bone, the Ossiarch Empire
be can held at bay – but only for a time.

This is a military force like no other.
It is
organised and efficient
to a supernatural degree,
led by generals created by Nagash himself and
lent a measure of his necromantic power. For
time immemorial
the legions of the Bonereapers
lay dormant underground, standing serried in
hidden catacombs created when Nagash and
Sigmar had still called one another allies. Now,
with the echoes of the necroquake invigorating
their cadaverous forms,
they march to war
by the thousands. At their fore is Katakros,
Mortarch of the Necropolis, an undying strategic
genius whose centuries-long existence has been
turned towards perfecting the art of war.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers exist
to conquer.
They seek nothing less than to craft a new
order from the bones of the old. Those who
fail
to meet their tithe, whether through choice
or necessity,
face a terrible fate. They will be
callously torn apart, their flesh sorted from the
skeleton and their body from the soul until
they
become nothing more than raw materials. Then,
from their remains – from the very essence of
who they once were – new Bonereapers will be
made. This is the terrible truth of the Ossiarchs.
They turn their victims into more of their kind,
and like death itself,
they cannot be stopped.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

REAPERS OF THE DEAD. . . .4

THE TITHE OF BONES ..............8

The Ossiarch Necropolises ..........10
The Dread Works of Nagash .......12
Rise of a Mortarch ........................14
Of Bone and Soul ..........................16

War Giants of Ossia ......................44
Mortek Crawlers ...........................46
Gothizzar Harvesters ...................47

IMMORTAL HATRED .......50

DEATHLY SUPREMACY .........64

AN EMPIRE
BEYOND DEATH .......................18

PAINTING YOUR
OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS . . . 66

LANDS OF
DUST AND BONE ......................22

THE LEGIONS IMMORTAL . . . . 24

Mortis Praetorians ........................26
Petrifex Elite ..................................27
Stalliarch Lords .............................28
Ivory Host ......................................29
Null Myriad ...................................30
Crematorians .................................31
Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead .....................................32
Arkhan the Black ..........................33
Katakros, Mortarch of
the Necropolis ...............................34
Arch-Kavalos Zandtos .................36
Vokmortian, Master of the
Bone-tithe.......................................37
Lords of Bone and Conquest .......38
Mortek Guard ................................40
Morghasts .......................................41
Kavalos Deathriders .....................42

THE OSSIARCH
BONEREAPER LEGIONS . . . 72

Allegiance Abilities ......................73
Battle Traits ....................................73
Command Traits ...........................74
Artefacts of Power ........................75
Spell Lores ......................................77
Mortis Praetorians ........................78
Petrifex Elite ..................................79
Stalliarch Lords .............................80
Ivory Host ......................................81
Null Myriad ...................................82
Crematorians .................................83
Bone-tithe Nexus ..........................84
Battleplan: Destroy the Nexus . . . .86

PATH TO GLORY ......................88

Ossiarch Bonereapers
Warband Tables ............................90

Mortek Shield-corps .....................94
Mortisan Trident
..........................94
Katakrosian Deathglaive .............94
Aegis Immortal .............................95
Kavalos Lance ................................95
Mortek Ba l listar i ...........................95
Katakros, Mortarch of
the Necropolis ...............................96
Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead .....................................97
Arkhan the Black, Mortarch
of Sacrament ..................................98
Arch-Kavalos Zandtos .................99
Liege-Kavalos ..............................100
Mortisan Boneshaper .................101
Mortisan Soulreaper ..................101
Mortisan Soulmason ..................102
Vokmortian, Master of the
Bone-tithe.....................................103
Mortek Guard ..............................103
Kavalos Deathriders ...................104
Immortis Guard ..........................105
Necropolis Stalkers .....................106
Morghast Archai .........................107
Morghast Harbingers .................107
Mortek Crawler ...........................108
Gothizzar Harvester ...................109
Nightmare Predator ...................110
Soulstealer Carrion.....................110
Bone-tithe Shrieker ....................111

WARSCROLLS ............................92

Ossiarch Cohort ............................92

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................112

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Death Battletome: Ossiarch Bonereapers © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Death Battletome: Ossiarch Bonereapers, GW, Games Workshop,
Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive
likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.
No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-553-9

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
The Mortis Praetorians march from Gothizzar under the watchful eye of Katakros himself.
They are the death of empires, and all must kneel before them or be claimed, body and soul.


PAGEBREAK
REAPERS OF THE DEAD

REAPERS OF THE DEAD

The Ossiarch legions are an undead force like no other. Created to be autonomous, they are trusted to enact
Nagash’s w i l l on a hundred war fronts at once. Their empire gathers war materiel from the cadavers of each battle,
harvesting bone with which to create new warriors, build fortifications and begin the cycle of death over again.

Across the Mortal Realms there exist
folk tales of undead soldiers who
can speak, reason and even bargain.
With the threat of ten thousand
blades behind them these dead men
exact tithes upon the populations of
townships, cities and nations they
come into contact with, though the
currency they demand is no manner
of coin, nor is it a more esoteric
resource such as realmstone. It is the
very bones of the living, harvested at
the decree of the Mortarch Katakros.

The amount of bone demanded
by the Ossiarch tithemasters is
proportional to the size of the
populace from which they require
it, for they do not wish to exhaust
their sources of supply. Hamlets and
villages may have to deliver only
a few chest-fulls of bone to ensure
the Ossiarchs stay their blades
for another season. Cities that are
subject to the tithe wi l l more likely
be forced to deliver cartloads of bone
or pre-emptively fill mass graves
to be drawn from when the time of
collection arrives.

No idle reason lies behind the taking
of this tithe; rather it is necessity,
for without bone from which to
craft their forms the Ossiarch
legions would falter and fail. Their
Mortisan craftsmen do not use bone
as most Necromancers might, simply
imbuing it with unlife wherever it
lies via the use of Shyishan energy,
but instead process the material
extensively,
for though bone has a
natural resonance with amethyst
magic it can be brittle and porous.
They mould the osseous remains
through arcane means into sculpted
new shapes that are harder, denser
and more suited to war than
their former incarnations. Their
creations invariably retain a morbid
appearance. After all, the masters
of the Bonereapers have also passed
beyond the grave, and the forms
of the skeleton and the skull are as
sacred to Nagash as the hammer and
comet are to Sigmar.

The spirit that animates an Ossiarch
Bonereaper is also manufactured,
making its mind just as much an
artificial creation of the Mortisan
order as its body. Accordingly,
the
Ossiarchs take not only the bones
of their vassals and enemies but
also their souls. These souls are
not simply translocated whole into
a new physical form in order to
provide it with motive power and
will, but are rendered and blended
with elements of others. This process
results in the creation of an animus
tailored specifically to the role of
the construct within which it is to
be interred.

The flask-like soul chamber devices
used by the Mortisan order are
creations of the Shyishan necromantic
ar ts. Those that harbour captive
spirits glow with a baleful
light.

Via the strange necromantic
alchemy of the Mortisans, an
Ossiarch cavalr y officer’s spirit
might be a refined mix of the brash
confidence of a youthful bravo, the
mental surety of a judge and the
predatory instinct of a huntsman.
Nagash and the other masters of the
Ossiarch Empire do not see living
creatures as entities to be valued
and respected in their own right or
even acknowledged; they merely
perceive them as raw materials for
the creation of their realm-spanning
‘necrotopia’. When the Ossiarchs’
demands for the bone-tithe are
refused or ignored, their legions
are despatched to annihilate the
transgressors, a task they accomplish
with supernatural militar y skill and
a complete lack of empathy.

THE WILL OF THE
OSSIARCHS

In battle the infantr y of the Ossiarch
Bonereapers march to war in highly
ordered phalanxes, reforming and
turning on their heels at each harsh
shout from the officers in their
midst. They fight not as unthinking
automatons but as reasoning
soldiers, for their masters know
the value of skill and initiative as
well as mindless obedience. Each
cohort and regiment of Ossiarch
Bonereapers has its own variation
on the core fighting style of their
empire’s military. But, regardless of
role, they each employ precise and
methodical assaults that result in
the interlocking parts of the wider
army crushing the foe with grim
inevitability. To witness the Ossiarch
Bonereapers in battle is to behold a
display of combined-arms warfare
that inspires awe and terror in
equal measure.

Because the rank and file of the
Ossiarch legions can be trusted to do
their masters’ bidding in perpetuity
and without question, they are
allowed a sliver of independence
– though just enough to ensure
they comprehend the spirit of each
command as well as the letter of the
rule. In this way the masters of the
Bonereapers can charge their cohorts
with a long-term goal, such as taking
a strategically important location,
and then leave to pursue their own
agendas. When they return to the
same site years later, a proud and
well-maintained necropolis of bone
wi l l have been erected where once
there was only the devastation left
by conquest. The lands close by wi l l
be likewise ordered, with expertly
built roads finished with a veneer of
bone leading along each geomantic
line as per the dictates known as
the Principia Necrotopia. Like as
not, no living vertebrate wi l l exist
for leagues around, for they wi l l
have been pitilessly harvested for
the creation of the darkly wondrous
vision that is Nagash’s necrotopia.


PAGEBREAK
THE UNDYING COHORTS

To their enemies, the Ossiarch
Bonereapers look and behave as
if they are parts of some gestalt
entity. In appearance their rank
and file are near identical, and this
fact combined with the unnerving
synchrony of their strikes and
battlefield manoeuvres means that
subtler differences between them
go largely unnoticed. Though their
discipline and heraldry might
suggest that they are civilised to
a high degree, they are undead
first and foremost and therefore
abhorred by most living creatures
as blasphemies against the natural
order of things. They are surrounded
by the lingering stink of the open
grave, and the air shimmers
around them with the intensity of
stomach-churning Shyishan magic.
Witchlights glimmer in their hollow
eye sockets, and the clack and clatter
of bone fills the air as they march
forward with gruesome certainty.

The scrolls upon which the
Bonereapers draw up their hellish
contracts can dictate the fate of
generations to come.

A single Ossiarch Bonereaper is a
daunting foe, but in great numbers
they become vir tua l ly unstoppable.
Each regiment is an independent
force that is able to adapt its
formation and even fighting style at
need. Such concerns as the wi l l to
fight or the basic desire for self-
preservation have long been stripped
from their being; they wi l l battle on
even after sustaining horrendous
losses, and in the face of endless
volleys of missile fire or storms of
hostile magic. Should necessity
dictate, a phalanx of Mortek Guard
wi l l grind itself to destruction

against a superior foe that they have
no hope of laying low simply to pin
them in place, or march purposefully
into the firing arc of an ar ti l ler y
battery in order to waste their
enemy’s ammunition. Such wi lfu l
sacrifice frees up their masters to
pursue vital objectives elsewhere,
and is a critical component in the
Ossiarchs’ militar y strategy. It wi l l
be only a matter of time before the
shattered constructs return, their
lords reaping the bone-matter of
fallen allies and slain foes alike,
then using it to replenish their
army’s losses.

The fighting style of the Ossiarch
Bonereapers is more akin to the
instinctive technique of veterans who
have fought together through several
wars than the hollow, clockwork
movements of most undead. Without
prompting they form tight phalanxes
when strength-in-depth is required,

disperse into skirmish formation
when under heavy fire and lock
shields when the enemy comes in
hard. Then, when their opponents
finally tire, each construct reacts
accordingly, mercilessly exploiting
the lapses of the foe as the enemy’s
battleline begins to buckle and their
discipline wavers.

When perfect coordination is
needed, however,
the Ossiarch
Bonereapers act as though they
are one. At a command from their
Hekatos leader, the constructs
reform around their unit’s
standard-
bearer with a precision that even
the most well-drilled soldiers of
the living would be hard-pressed
to match. One might expect no
less given that these are the foot
soldiers of Nagash’s new order – and
the Great Necromancer has taken
great pains to ensure they are never
found wanting.

Lord Luthren of Bharrowhelm led his lance of cavalrymen over the
hill, the banners of the Amethyst Princes fluttering above him.
According to his mages, the thrice-cursed Ossian leg ions had
Luthren’s Dharraghast allies under siege, and Luthren had intended to
break it, Nagash’s will be damned. What he saw on the other side of the
peak made his thoughts of glory turn to ashen darkness.
‘Halt!’ he cried, his mind boggling at the scene before him.
‘Full halt!’
The remains of the Dharraghast Free Army,
thousands of them, were
spread across the open field. Amongst the carnage stalked bulky skeletal
forms, close-ranked and methodical as they cut the armour and clothing
from the corpses of the Dharraghast fallen.
To Luthren’s horror, they didn’t stop there. Black knives glinted in the
gloom as they stripped flesh from bone with the ease of master butchers.
They left behind them great streaks of gore, piles of glistening red flesh
heaped near stacks of bloody bone. Amongst them were skull-faced
g iants, pacing through the carnage like overseers in some hellish factory.
Luthren gagged as he saw some of the Dharraghasti’s
skeletal remains
being taken up and refashioned, melded with strange magic into
defensive structures, walls and statues.
The Ossian undead, thought Luthren. So the legends were real.
In the midst of the vile scene a small knot of bloodied Dharraghast
soldiers fought on, surrounded by a closing noose of Bonereaper
infantry. Even as Luthren watched, his allies made a last charge. The
dead men closed ranks, and the Dharraghasti rebounded from their
shieldwall, only to be punctured by stabbing spears.
Something tw isted in Luthren’s
chest.
‘Retreat, men,’ he said, his tone
as lifeless as the corpses in the valley below.
‘We will not reach them in
time. Word must be spread of this.’
There was a cry of dismay from the rear of his unit. He wheeled his
horse around,
fear thick in his throat, and felt his breath catch. Half a
mile to the east a unit of cadaverous riders had peaked the ridge, stock
still as if waiting for some signal. He looked west, and saw the same.
‘Flee!’ shouted Lord Luthren, spurring his horse hard. It was the last
word he ever said.


PAGEBREAK
These realms w i l l be ours. They are but clay, waiting to be moulded into the deathly paradise of the necrotopia. The
bones of the earth w i l l be ours. The bones of the living – they too belong to us. They w i l l be plucked from the flesh
of the foolish, should they not be offered willingly. With these gifts, freely given or not, we shall fashion wonders.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE TITHE OF BONES

THE TITHE OF BONES

Since their emergence in the Age of Sigmar, the Ossiarch Bonereapers have imposed a horrific toll upon those
they have conquered, for without their grim harvest of bone to sustain them they would fall to attrition just as any
mortal army. Yet so long as they have access to a steady supply of the material, they are nigh unstoppable.

Though Nagash intends to ultimately
repeal sentience from all the
creatures of the realms, he realises
that efficiencies can be had from the
measured distribution of free wi l l in
the meantime. Likewise, although
the destruction of all mortals over
a short span of time would yield
a satisfying upsurge of deathly
energies, in the long run it would
provide a sub-optimal amount of
materials with which Nagash could
build his necrotopia. A farmer does
not slay all his cattle at once for
a single feast, for his fields would
be emptied and he would soon go
hungry. The slow and deliberate
harvest will, over time, provide more
sustenance than the mass slaughter.
It was this realisation that led to the
institution of the bone-tithe.

When an Ossiarch legion encounters
a settlement of the living, they
typically do not attack immediately.

Rather they wait in the distance
arrayed in battle formation, spears
and banners held high, the silent
threat of their presence a potent
weapon in itself. A delegation of
Mortisans, usually led by a Liege-
Kavalos to advise them on matters
military, wi l l then approach the
beings whom they intend to tithe.
They ask not for wealth nor fealty
– only mortal remains, and in very
precise measure.

So long as their victims can provide
the offerings in a timely fashion,
leaving the required materials at a
designated site known as a Bone-
tithe Nexus, the legion wi l l not
attack. Instead it wi l l move on,
seeking further opportunity. The
delegation make their terms clear
and exact. The Mortisans keep
archive phylacteries containing the
souls of those who share cultural
similarities with their prospective

vassals, specifically to learn their
customs and language when
needed. As these imprisoned souls
are often from an earlier era, it is
common for a delegation to speak
in a dialect that is intelligible but
archaic to their recipients. Should
such communication aids prove
insufficient, the Ossiarchs always
find a way to make themselves
understood, even if it means ki l ling
one of the vassals then and there to
use his soul as a translator.

Should the Ossiarch delegation be
attacked by those they treat with,
or should their tithe not be met, a
terrible shriek of indignation wi l l rip
through the air. At this signal the
greater Ossiarch legion wi l l attack.
They wi l l not stop their assault
until the entire settlement has been
destroyed, their defences razed and
their bone harvested in totality. Such
are the consequences of defiance.


PAGEBREAK
The remains of such rebels, shorn of
bone and left as tattered rags of flesh,
wi l l be mounted on long spears and
left to flutter and slap in the wind as
a warning to any others who would
deny the Ossiarchs their due.

In the end it matters not how the
Bonereapers’ tithe is met, provided
they receive the skeletal remains
they deem necessary to expand their
empire. In the wilds of Shyish some
townships practise a grim lottery ;
a proportion of their number are
offered as sacrifices to the Ossiarch
emissaries at the same time every
year. Others give up those who
have reached a certain age; in the
Aqshian wastes some human tribes
reason that to live four decades is
long enough, and that those who
survive into middle age must be
slain prematurely so that a new
generation may live on unharmed.
Still more citizens each surrender
a finger or toe as tithe, cutting the
digit free and then cauterising the
wound on a red-hot blade the night
before the Ossiarch banners grow
close, reasoning that it is better

to live with the mutilation than
to die in a massacre and sacrifice
themselves entire.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers have their
own macabre forms of ar t. They
see these as the glory of Nagash’s
necrotopia made manifest, but to the
mortal races they are dark reflections
of a culture obsessed with death.

THE TERMINUS CONCEPT

Even though the Ossiarch
Bonereapers prefer to give their
supplicants the chance to provide
a constant supply of bone, both
collector and vassal know that the
arrangement can really only end one
way. The Ossiarchs are the agents of
this final state, fashioned by Nagash
for precisely that purpose. They have

no interest in the cycle of life and
renewal that typifies the beliefs of
Alarielle’s
followers, and to some
extent the creed of Nurgle’s flock,
perverse as it is. As pure beings of
Shyish they crave only the end of all
things, when life and freedom are
rendered meaningless.

Ultimately,
the Ossiarch Bonereapers
see all living creatures as bricks
and mortar for the creation of a
great empire of death that wi l l
never falter, never sleep and never
yield to the vagaries of entropy no
matter what may assail it. They are
the nadir of existence, the blade
that cuts the cord, the rattling sigh
of the final breath;
in this they are
the true inheritors of the Realm of
Endings. However,
the Ossiarchs are
not entirely without emotion, nor
are they devoid of human failings.
For despite all his drive and godly
power, even Nagash was once a
living, breathing man. He can never
fully escape the foibles and drives
of the humanity he believes he has
left behind; in truth, he is ruled by
hatred as much as cold ambition.

Lendan Cutter took another swig of dead man’s
brandy from his tureen, still clinging to the hope
he could find courage at the bottom. He forced
some confidence into his walk as he led his guards and
the rest of the parley group to the township’s
limits,
but he didn’t
feel it. The dead men up ahead, those
that Katalia simply called reapers, weren’t proper
spectres, neither were they grave-y ield. The elders
said these ones had been sculpted, fashioned of bone,
magic and hatred to wage war upon the living. Unless
you gave into their damned tithe, that is.
The high-crested revenant at the fore of their
delegation spoke, his voice like rustling leaves.
tithe complete? ’
‘It is,’
said Lendan, fighting the urge to swallow
despite the fact his mouth was as dry as the
Baneland Deser t. He cast a fur tive glance towards
the nearby copse, then the riverbank.
‘You’ll find it
all present and correct.’ He waved the latest batch of
chattelwagons forward, the malnourished cattle that
drew them stumbling and walking as if in a daze.
‘Please take it, Lords of Shy ish, and go.’
The revenant stared at him with empty sockets,
saying nothing. From the delegation behind it, one of
its soldiers marched up to the chattelwagon and threw
back the tarpaulin, exposing heaps of bone. Some of
it was so fresh it was still slick with blood. It made
Lendan’s
stomach churn just to think of it. He prayed
to Sigmar under his breath. Please let this work…

‘Is the

The soldier took up a handful of bones as if they
were no more than firewood and brought them to
the revenant lord. The lord took them delicately,
examined them one by one, and handed them back.
‘Thine offering is found wanting,’
came that aw ful,
rustling voice. ‘These are porcine. They are not tithe.’
‘Some of them, maybe,’
stammered Lendan,
‘if that’s
a problem we can—’
The skull-faced being gave a terrible scream, and a
blast of cerulean magic roared from its mouth towards
him. He dived on instinct, the blast hitting the shield
of one of his guards to splash out in an explosion that
burned his legs and back. The pain was indescribable.
Out from Cutter’s Forest came Lendan’s
scouts
by the dozen, throwing off their leaf-litter cloaks to
draw bows and loose their poisoned arrows. From the
riverbank came Katalia’s greatswords, plate armour
drizzling water as they charged. It was as per fect a
pincer manoeuvre as the Cutters had ever managed.
Then came the thunder of hooves, getting louder
by the moment. Even as the Ossian delegation
unsheathed their weapons and strode forward, a
group of undead riders broke the horizon. The first
rank of them slammed into the greatswords, bowling
them over and trampling the nearest as their spears
impaled those behind. Lendan looked in desperation
to the copse, only to see towering four-headed
creatures standing spattered in the blood of his scouts.
It was true, then. The reapers always had their tithe.


PAGEBREAK
The Ossiarch Necropolises

THE OSSIARCH NECROPOLISES

The Ossiarch Empire is dotted with keeps, fortresses and citadels made as much from human remains as they are
from stone. The stench of death wafts from such places, and balefires glow in the eye sockets of vast, staring skulls.
Truly they are morbid and forbidding, but to Nagash’s chosen they are a glorious aspect of his growing necrotopia.

The fortifications and cities of
the Ossiarch Bonereapers are
built according to a set of designs
contained in the Principia
Necrotopia. These are flexible
in places, with their blueprints
allowing room for interpretation by
the Mortisan order so that optimal
results can be achieved according
to the nature of the landscape.
There are elements of the Ossiarchs’
architectural principles that are
strictly adhered to, however. Being
a resource that the Ossiarchs can
shape and harden at whim, bone
is used skilfully, both to reinforce
and to adorn. Because of their
shared fundamental specifications,
Ossiarch necropolises across the
breadth of the realms bear a definite
resemblance to one another. In
the minds of their creators, this
commonality of form serves not
only to realise Nagash’s vision of
the necrotopia, but also facilitates
efficiency in matters military.

When a new land ripe for tithe
is colonised by the Ossiarch
Bonereapers, the first features to
be constructed wi l l be formal tithe
sites. These are places at which the
Ossiarchs demand a subjugated
people meet them at a specified
time to hand over their payment,
or,
if prior agreement has been
made, leave the offering of bone
for collection. Presided over by
imposing obelisks or statues, the
tithe sites are protected by magical
auras that keep scavengers, vermin
and even flora and fungi from taking
the osseous bounty for themselves.

The next features to be created wi l l
be small fortifications that claim
defensible areas of terrain. As the
Ossiarchs take their tithe year by
year, these form the keeps of a larger
fortress. The Mortisan workshops
are next to be created, the stepped
structures extending as much below
ground as above. They are sometimes

dotted with pyramid-capped braziers
in which the energies of captive souls
can be held indefinitely, and which
act as repositories for this crucial
ingredient of the order’s craft.

More buildings are raised as the
Ossiarch conquests continue, each
new cartload of bone or Gothizzar
Harvester that is filled to capacity
adding its load to the greater
endeavour. Strongholds and forges
are erected that, over time, grow
to incorporate weapons foundries,
storage sepulchres and alchemist
laboratories for the creation of
further war assets. When curtain
walls and gatehouses are completed
that take maximum advantage of the
surrounding terrain, the necropolis
wi l l cease to be built outwards
and begin to climb upwards. The
oldest complexes have spires and
towers that claw at the sky, as
forbidding as any stronghold outside
Nagashizzar itself.

The lands taken as prime territory by the Ossiarchs are soon dominated by forbidding necropolises of bone.


PAGEBREAK
Vast statues, skull-faced and glowing
from within, guard the threshold,
crowned in the manner of the
Mortarchs and emanating waves
of necromantic energy that cast all
around them in a wan light. For all
their terrifying appearance, these
places are centres of culture and
learning in the empire of the dead.
The largest of these necropolises
usually have a permanent garrison
and extensive laboratories for the
Mortisan order. Libraries exist in
each major necropolis, their endless
shelves filled with fastidiously
organised scrolls wound around
femurs, kept next to carefully
calligraphed tomes whose leaves
are made of human skin. These
libraries are tended to by stork-like
creatures of fluted bone known
as bibliopomps; flying on bone-
feathered wings to the relevant
shelves, they pluck out scrolls or
grimoires in their proboscis-like
beaks and bear them down to the
Ossiarch scholars who requested
them. Collectively in these extensive
libraries there exist treatises on
nearly every people and beast of the
Mortal Realms. In this way, when
their negotiations ultimately turn
sour, the leaders of the Ossiarchs can
research the best way to slay any that
choose to rebel against their rule.

The wider vectors of invasion that
spread out from each necropolis
are also bone-wrought according
to a carefully delineated set of
parameters. Roads of bone spread
out across the wastelands, their
surfaces hard as rock yet pliable
enough to ride out the shifting of the
lands, for they incorporate deliberate
networks of cracks that echo the
fissure lines of human skulls. These
highways follow geomantic lines of
power that Nagash has outlined to
his Mortarchs;
their invasion plans
stick closely to the hidden lines of
energy that thrum invisibly across
the Eight Realms, empowering the
works of the Mortisan order and
lending surety to the marching
legions of undead that patrol them.
Where they reach the coast these
roads wi l l terminate in a small
citadel or fortress, a waypoint at
which the Ossiarchs can redress
their ranks and take ship for the next
stage of their journey.

The Ossiarch Empire can muster a
significant navy, each ship grown
from processed bone-matter just
as it is with the ar ti l ler y pieces and
fortresses that serve their wider war
machine. Yet
to enable the empire
to function at maximum efficiency,
the Boneshapers have developed
the art of crafting wide structures
of osseous matter that float, porous
as they are,
in the oceans between
each of the Prime Innerlands. These
form giant pontoons, grown one by
one and linked through the magic
of the Mortisans, that are assembled
much in the manner of the vertebrae
of a spine. When they reach another
underworld, they are bound with
great ritual to become permanent
fixtures of the Ossiarch Empire,
crossing-points that allow whole
legions to simply walk from one
underworld to another.

The society of the Ossiarch Empire
makes great use of beast-bone.
Their animalistic servants are not
resurrected corpses, but strange
creations of necromantic magic
fashioned for specific roles.

The lashing of wind, rain and tide
that accompanies traversal of these
oversea bridges is as nothing to
the Ossiarchs;
in extremis their
Mortisans simply meld the bone
of their cohorts’
feet to that of the
pontoons with pulses of magic and
wait for the storm to pass. By taking
the bones of sea creatures from the
vast rib-like structures they fashion
upon nearby coastlines, and using
them in conjunction with the tithe
supplied by the subjugated nations
inland, the Bonereapers are never
short of raw material. They consider
the fashioning of such wonders no
more remarkable than a mason
would the creation of a simple wa l l.

SOUL-LINKED SPELLS

The apex of Mortisan magic
is of course the creation of the
Ossiarch legions themselves.
However,
the energies of
amethyst magic can be gathered
in any location by one skilled
in its use, for death occurs in
every Mortal Realm. Shields of
shimmering purple force can
turn aside arrows and blades,
whilst bolts of dark energy flash
from empty eye sockets to burn
foes in purple-black fire where
they stand. But it is the casting
of soul-linked spells that is the
most lethal of all the Mortisans’
sorcerous ski l ls.

Soul-linked spells are large
manifestations of death magic
similar in nature to the endless
spells which first appeared
during the Arcanum Optimar.
Unlike the conjurations
of lesser mages that were
given power by the aetheric
aftershocks of the necroquake
– often so wild they can even
turn upon those who cast them
– soul-linked spells are tethered
to the wi l l of the caster. With
a single incantation, arcane
entities known as Nightmare
Predators loom from nowhere
to lacerate and destroy, flensing
flesh from bone with long,
dexterous claws to make the
repurposing of their victims’
bones all the easier. Four-
headed apparitions known
as Bone-tithe Shriekers hunt
down those who would attempt
to escape from the Ossiarch
legions, hovering above the
hiding places of the cowardly
and the treasonous whilst
screaming out their location.
Should a particular victim
be sought, the Mortisans wi l l
conjure Soulstealer Carrion,
incarnations of amethyst
magic that take the form of
massive bone-winged prey-
birds that can rip a mortal’s
soul from their body in a single
swooping pass. Truly there is
no feat of death magic that is
beyond the spellcasters of the
Ossiarch Bonereapers.


PAGEBREAK
The Dread Works of Nagash

THE DREAD WORKS OF NAGASH

Nagash is the Great Necromancer, a jealous and bitter god of undeath who seeks to rule the Mortal Realms. He
commands all things that have risen from the grave, from the lowest shambling corpse to the mightiest vampire
lord. Yet it is those undead warriors he has fashioned with his own hand he values the most.

For aeons beyond reckoning Nagash
has haunted the realms, plotting the
elimination of life and the expansion
of his undead kingdom. In that
time, countless heroes and gods
have sought to strike him down,
but Nagash has achieved mastery
over death. On those few occasions
when he has been laid low by blade
or spell, he has always returned,
for his wi l l is unbreakable and his
resolve limitless.

In conjunction with his magical
power,
it is this eternal patience
that is perhaps Nagash’s greatest
strength. Where his fellow gods
indulge their futile passions, the
Great Necromancer weathers the
ages, sowing the seeds of plots
that may not achieve fruition for
millennia; the creation of the
Ossiarch Bonereapers was once such
endeavour,
the construction of the
Great Black Pyramid another. Such a
span of years is nothing for one who
is immortal. As the endless wars of
the Eight Realms grind on, the ranks
of the unliving wi l l swell until they
can trample all beneath their tireless
tread. Come that day, Nagash wi l l
rule over an empire of Death, a world
free from daemonic corruption and
pitiable mortal weakness. In the
wake of the necroquake, the Great
Necromancer’s horrifying vision
is closer than ever to completion.
For it is not only the grave-risen
that dance to his tune, but also the
unquiet spirits of the Nighthaunt,
the hungering cannibals of the
Flesh-eater Courts, and the merciless
legions of the Ossiarch Bonereapers.

SHYISH RESURGENT

Throughout the long years of the
Realmgate Wars, Nagash bided
his time. While his enemies
expended their fur y upon one
another,
the Great Necromancer
laid the groundwork for a spell of
unimaginable complexity, designed
to ensure his dominance over all
creation. Too late, the leaders of

the mortal races were alerted to the
power that was swelling in Shyish.
In a deranged act that only a being
of immortal patience could have
achieved, Nagash assembled the
mind-bending structure known as
the Great Black Pyramid, which
formed the crux of an impossibly
intricate ritual designed to invert
the energies of the Realm of Death.
As the arcane forces of the realm
began to shift from the edges to the
centre, forming a spiralling vortex
known as the Shyish Nadir, a wave
of amethyst magic crashed across
all of reality. Great hosts of spirits
and immense armies of shambling
Deadwalkers were raised in the
cataclysm’s wake, and soon the
forces of undeath were rampaging in
unprecedented numbers across each
of the Eight Realms. The conflicts
that followed this necroquake were
known collectively as the Soul
Wars. The God-King Sigmar found
his nascent empire assailed on all
fronts, and was forced to ally with
the mysterious Idoneth Deepkin
and the warrior cults of the Khainite
aelves in order to fend off the
relentless assault.

Many blades used by the Ossiarch
legions are made from nadirite, an
alchemically treated metal that can
drain an enemy’s
soul.

Though the Great Necromancer’s
offensive was ferocious, it was not
enough to eradicate the armies
of the living. Soon, the forces of
mortalkind began to strike back,
to retake lands that had fallen to

the undead advance. Of course, the
Great Necromancer had prepared
for this eventuality. The instinctive
malice of the spectral dead,
combined with the sheer scale of
their vast processions, made them
ideal weapons of psychological
torment, but they were only the first
wave in Nagash’s war of conquest.
Long ago, during the Age of Myth,
even as he had feigned allegiance
to the God-King, he had begun
the construction of a grand army
of immortal, utterly loyal soul-
constructs. Nagash had named
these elite warriors his Ossiarch
Bonereapers, and intended them to
be the iron fist that would crush all
who opposed him.

AN ARMY OF CONQUEST

The armies of the Ossiarch
Bonereapers had lain unnoticed
in the deep places of the earth
throughout the Age of Chaos and the
momentous events of the Realmgate
Wars, concealed in mausoleum-cities
and necropolises of astonishing
scale and grandeur, such as the
Heliocarnum in Aqshy, and the Ebon
Citadel in Ossia. While construction
continued upon the Great Black
Pyramid of Nagashizzar, Nagash
laboured away upon his elite legions.

Each warrior and engine of
war was formed purely for the
task of conquest, shaped from
necromantically reinforced bone
and armed with weapons infused
with soul-tearing energies. But
their greatest power came from
the cr ystals of vitrified grave-sand
embedded their ossified forms. Each
of these soultrap gems contained a
host of fragmented souls, the spirits
of great warriors broken up so that
the valuable parts could be reused
and the rest discarded. Valour,
skill
and knowledge were preserved,
for Nagash desired only ruthless
combat prowess and complete loyalty
from his Bonereapers. All else was
callously disposed of, including


PAGEBREAK
the emotions and memories that
soul had once possessed. Only by
shattering this gem could such a
warrior be destroyed; a task easier
said than done, for the stones were
wrought by the most powerful
necromantic magic.

As capable as his Mortarch generals
were, the Great Necromancer lacked
a strategic mastermind to co-
ordinate his militar y campaigns and
make the greatest use of these new
and deadly warriors. Arkhan the
Black’s arcane expertise was too vital
to Nagash’s
sorcerous designs. The
vampiric Mortarchs, Queen Neferata
and Mannfred von Carstein, were
fine strategists, but too engrossed
in their own webs of intrigue to
be trustworthy. Nagash required a
commander of singular purpose and
total
loyalty, one who possessed no
ambition beyond the domination
of his enemies. The only being that
had ever earned Nagash’s
favour
in such regard had been destroyed
centuries ago at Sigmar’s hand. Or so
it was thought.

THE STORMVAULTS

Unbeknownst
to even Arkhan’s
watchful disciples, agents of Chaos
had corrupted Nagash’s grand
spell, causing the necroquake to
destabilise the very foundations of
magic across reality. Enchantments
and illusions that had concealed the
great mysteries of the realms for
centuries were torn apart, revealing
long forgotten secrets. Foremost
amongst these were the Stormvaults,
repositories established by the
God-King during the Age of Myth.
These were built to contain things
far too powerful and dangerous to
be allowed to endanger the Mortal
Realms – magical creatures of
godlike might, devices and artefacts
either too powerful or too valuable
for Sigmar to destroy.

The Penumbral Engines that had
shrouded these hidden vaults were
overloaded by the magical onslaught
of the necroquake. Suddenly, every
dark secret the God-King had
sought to conceal was exposed.
To Nagash, the revelation of the
Stormvaults was further proof of
Sigmar’s duplicity. His fur y was

exacerbated when he sensed a
familiar presence beneath the city of
Lethis, one of the God-King’s major
strongholds in the Realm of Death.
There was hidden the lingering
spirit of Katakros, Mortarch of the
Necropolis, the greatest and most
feared battlefield commander to
ever bestride the realms. Katakros
had been a prodigy of war even in
his mortal life, a strategic genius
born to command. So obsessed
was he with the mastery of warfare
that when Nagash offered him
the gift of immortality, he gladly
accepted. In death he became
the Great Necromancer’s most
feared general, and the first of the
Ossiarch Bonereapers. The Mortarch
was thought to have been destroyed
by vengeful Sigmar when Nagash
refused to come to his aid against
the armies of Chaos. In fact, the

God-King had imprisoned the
Mortarch in the Midnight Tomb, a
Stormvault
that lay below Lethis.

Upon learning this, Nagash sent
forth Lady Olynder,
the spectral
Mortarch of Grief, to break open
Lethis and recover his servant.
Though the Sacrosanct Chambers
of the Anvils of the Heldenhammer
led a spirited defence that saved the
free city,
they were unable to prevent
Lady Olynder from cracking open
the Midnight Tomb and releasing the
raging soul of Katakros. Leaving a
trail of devastation in his wake, the
Mortarch of the Necropolis broke
free of Lethis and returned to the
court of his master. There, Nagash
gave him command of the Ossiarch
Bonereapers so that he might be
revenged upon those who had
humiliated him.

Such is the magnitude of Nagash’s power over Shyish that all things, be they
living or dead, will one day be drawn into the hellish depths of Nagashizzar.


PAGEBREAK
Rise of a Mortarch

RISE OF A MORTARCH

During the Age of Myth, the seeds of the Ossiarch Empire were planted by an intense young warrior known as
Orpheon Katakros. That driven individual was to become a dark-souled demigod, much as his master Nagash had
before him. Under his cruel dominion, the Innerlands of Shyish were remade as a tyrannical land of undeath.

As a young man in the Ghurish free
cities of Fleizch, Katakros was not
well liked. So driven was he by the
pursuit of personal excellence that
he spurned recreation as weakness.
After enlisting in the Fleizch
Echelon he found his true calling
in the arts of tactics and strategy.
Convinced he had been born to
conquer, he rose to power purely so
he could impose his convictions on
every land, people and creed.

Swiftly rising through the ranks
of the Fleizch military, Katakros
had a natural confidence about
him that many took as arrogance.
And perhaps they were right to.
Notions such as compassion and
mercy were all but alien concepts
to him, indulgences that led him
from the true path of his ascension.
In training-duels his perspicacity
saw him analyse, wear down and
defeat all those who challenged him.
At night he pored over atlases and
bestiaries of the native megafauna
of Fleizch. He studied ancient texts
of war, drinking in every iota of
knowledge, and wrote many of his
own texts by the light of long-
burning oxentallow lamps of his
own devising. Katakros valued such
knowledge above all other learnings
– not because it had been won with
the blood of his fellow Fleizchians,
but because it could further his rise
to supremacy. Each barbarian tribe
he defeated and monster he drove
to its death was simply another
vindication of his chosen path.

Katakros brought his lethal talent
for tactics to bear when leading
the Fleizchian Elite against the
beastmen that haunted the outskirts
of the region where he was stationed.
The Allherd of the Gharrack Coast
outnumbered his forces many times
over, but in judging the winds
by reading the flight patterns of
prey-birds and then using fire-flask
catapults to spread wildfires through
the forest, he burned the creatures
out of their lairs and onto his army’s

blades. Seeking to capitalise on
this success, he led a chariot charge
intended to run down the foe as they
fled the treeline, but his men failed
to keep up with his advance. Before
he knew it, Katakros found himself
fighting alone against a Ghorgon.
He was thrown from his chariot
and then scooped up by one of the
beast’s massive hands. Although he
pierced the beast’s heart with his
blade, the creature fought on, bloody
froth spilling from its lips as it tore
Katakros limb from limb.

TWIN UNDERWORLDS

Some time after his death, Katakros’
spectre awoke in the boneyards of
Ossia. A Shyishan domain of order
and purity,
it was populated by
Fleizchians who believed in hard
work and dignity at all times. The
graves of those buried in Fleizch
were mirrored in Ossia, and through
these sites the living from those
Ghurish domains could commune
with the dead in the underworld
without coming to harm. Through
the constant vigilance and
maintenance of Fleizch’s dead, the
sanctity of Ossia was preserved
and its inhabitants knew a quiet
contentment. The people there
understood that death was not to be
feared, and in this they found joy.

The underworld to the north of
Ossia, known as Necros, was the
final destination of Fleizchians
who believed their worldly efforts
would be rewarded with an afterlife
of luxury. They found, to their
delight, that Necros catered to their
every whim. Where the Ossians to
the south worked tirelessly even
in death, the Necrosans ate grapes
and olives in the warm Shyishan
twilight, singing happily and
drinking sweetblack.

Even as a spectre, Katakros felt
the inequities between these two
underworlds grating upon him, and
soon felt the need to fight once more.

He was swift to join the militar y
force known as the Ossian Echelon
under the command of the Graven
Tutors, deceased generals that
believed above all else in the virtue
of hard labour. Even though they
drilled their troops with merciless
intensity,
these tutors recognised
something repellent inside Katakros,
some void in his soul – a lack of
humanity that he filled with the
fanatical pursuit of excellence. They
found it disturbing, for it reminded
them of hated Nagash.

Katakros’ skill in combat saw him
win great honour in the ritual duels
that determined the hierarchy of the
Ossian military. Ultimately,
though,
his true interests lay in the perfection
of conflict. Always he thought of
warfare and how to perfect it. Yet he
did not revel in it, nor feel the guilty
thr i l l of obsession. Instead Katakros
pursued the science of war with a
passionless logic. As he rose from
sergeant to captain to general in the
Ossian military, Katakros’ flair for
martial theory became ever clearer.
He proved able to take on any foe
in any terrain and bring them
to destruction.

Rising finally to the rank of High
General, Katakros devised the
formations known as the Ossian
Shield, the Aegis Immortal and the
Katakrosian Deathglaive, ensuring a
mix of highly specialised and more
flexible forces. Always commanding
whilst surrounded by an entourage
of aides and bodyguards, Katakros
ensured his attention on the battle
at large was not distracted. He
trusted his seconds, knowing their
capabilities as well as he knew his
own blade, for if they failed him – or
worse still, crossed him – they would
be punished severely, and inventively
at that. All knew that Katakros had
no mercy, but at least his callousness
was a known quantity. With
Katakros in command, the Ossian
Echelon never once ceded victory to
the perils of Shyish.


PAGEBREAK
THE WRATH OF GODS

Freed by Sigmar in the Age of Myth
from his incarceration, the Great
Necromancer had claimed all Shyish
as his sovereign territory, and had
begun to consume it. Though the
inhabitants of Ossia and Necros
worshipped no god, Nagash sought
to subsume both regions into his
empire, for they were not too distant
from the heart of the realm, where
Nagashizzar cast its shadow across
the lands. He sent in his numberless
hosts. For a time, Ossia’s expert
militar y held them back. It was
painfully obvious that Necros would
not be able to do the same, however,
for it had no army, devoted as its
people were to the enjoyment of their
paradise. Katakros gave the order
that Necros be annexed for the good
of all, forming a single geopolitical
region from two very different
afterlives as his forces occupied its
lands and raised defences. So long
did the Ossian Echelon hold out, so
many thousands of undead did they
slay,
that they came to the notice of
Nagash. On that day, the doom of
Ossia was sealed.

As soon as he realised that there
could be no victory against the
Supreme Lord of the Undead,
Katakros’ mind was set. Passing in
great ceremony through the gates
of Nagashizzar, he approached the
Great Necromancer with a proposal.
It speaks volumes about Katakros’
reputation and skill that Nagash
not only listened to him, but also
accepted the bargain. In exchange
for eternal servitude, Katakros
would lead Nagash’s
foremost armies
until all the realms were consumed
by death. Katakros’ spectre was led
into the black fires of Nagashizzar,
there to be remade as a towering,
statuesque terror before being given
rulership over the most elite armies
of undeath ever created.

The centuries that followed saw
Nagash devise and create the
Ossiarch Bonereapers, secreting
them beneath the cities of the Mortal
Realms. Katakros, meanwhile,
consolidated his position as newly
anointed Mortarch by conquering a
dozen of the underworlds of Shyish
in Nagash’s name.

It was the God-King Sigmar that was
to prove Katakros’ undoing. Sigmar,
expecting Nagash to honour their
alliance when Archaon assailed
the Mortal Realms, was incensed
to find the Great Necromancer had
focused his efforts only on defending
Shyish. The God-King carved a path
of destruction through the Realm of
Death. Katakros met him on the field
of battle, despite knowing that even
he could not hope to defeat a god –
yet it was his master’s will, and so
it would be done. Sigmar’s raw fur y
saw him smash through Katakros’
ar tfu l envelopments until he stood
before the Mortarch in person.
The resultant duel was intense, but
Sigmar in his rage was unstoppable.
Yet even Ghal Maraz could not
destroy Katakros entirely. So it was
that Sigmar sealed the Mortarch
within a great Stormvault near Lake
Lethis. Katakros languished there,
trapped in the agony of defeat.
Centuries later, at the dawn of the
Arcanum Optimar, he was to be set
free by his fellow Mortarch Lady
Olynder to take command of the
Ossiarch Bonereaper legions.

As the Mortarch Lady Olynder clashed with the Celestant-Prime,
the monstrous spiritual essence of Orpheon Katakros
finally breached its centuries-long confinement
in the Midnight Tomb. So began a new reign of terror for Shy ish.


PAGEBREAK
Of Bone and Soul

OF BONE AND SOUL

The revenge of the Ossiarch legions was slow in coming, for they had been dormant for centuries. But with each
new conquest it gathered pace, as a stone hurled from the top of a mountain gathers its fellows to become an
unstoppable landslide. The Mortal Realms would soon be shaken by the footfalls of a new army on the march.

After being freed by Lady Olynder
from the Midnight Tomb of Lake
Lethis, Katakros’ spirit raged across
Shyish. It howled from Stygxx back
to Nagashizzar, a blistering force of
anger and injured pride so strong
it left the devastation of a raging
cyclone in its wake. Down into the
depths of the Shyish Nadir it went,
screaming all the while. When
it reached the abyssal depths of
Nagashizzar it howled around the
spires and citadels until Nagash
himself returned to the blackness
and silt of that realm. He took the
essence of Katakros and remade it,
taking care to keep every nuance of
hatred for Sigmar intact, including
the knowledge of the God-King’s
war form, right down to each arc
of the hammer swings that had
seen Katakros’
former incarnation
undone. In a dark mirror of Sigmar’s
own reforging process Katakros was
born anew,
invested with every iota
of artifice Nagash could muster. The
glaive Inda-Khaat and the Shield
Immortis were given to the shining
avatar of undeath by the Nighthaunt
handmaidens of Olynder herself.
His raiment of war was enchanted
by Arkhan the Black in a ceremony
of guardianship, and as Nagash
intoned the sixth hexagrammical
rite from the Liber Necros, Katakros
stepped whole from the laboratories
of Nagashizzar once more. Taking
his throne amidst solemn fanfare he
was welcomed by his old title ‘the
Undefeated’ by the Mortisan order,
for they had long awaited his return,
and wished more than ever to be
in his favour. Being as his current
incarnation had indeed been spared
the ignominy of defeat, Katakros did
not see it necessary to correct them.
Internally, he vowed to earn the
epithet across the aeons, for he had
tasted quite enough of physical death
to last a dozen lifetimes.

With the Katakrosian legions
unearthed from their secret
catacombs and marching en masse
at his command, the Mortarch of

the Necropolis was swift to make an
impact across Shyish and beyond.
In the Stormcast Eternals he saw a
new challenge, one against whom
he was keen to test his mettle, for
a strike against them would be a
strike against Sigmar. In learning
all he could of this new foe, he
discovered that the Anvils of the
Heldenhammer boasted some
rivals familiar to him – not from
the current age, but from the Age of
Myth. Those Shyishan warlords had
been given new life, an immortality
of a sort, by the God-King’s hand.
Katakros took direct command of
the legion he considered foremost
amongst the Ossiarch ranks – the
Mortis Praetorians – and marched
out from the Shyish Nadir via the
Nihilaus Realmgate. Guided by his
Aviarch Spymaster, he tracked down
the warrior chamber of Thranus
Greygaunt even as they sought
to banish the Nighthaunt armies
plaguing the city of Sendport.

The Stormcast Eternals fought
bravely, but against Katakros’
merciless cunning, even the
famously battle-wise Anvils were
found wanting. Pushed back to the
shores of the raging Daxamatic
River,
the Greygaunts were trapped
and put to the sword, departing
back to Azyr in flashes of celestial
light until there were none left save
Lord-Celestant Thranus himself.
This one the Mortarch deigned to
duel in person, disarming him first
of his hammer,
then his sword,
before despatching him back to
Sigmar with the name of Katakros
on his lips.

The next to feel Katakros’ wrath
was the Molten Horde of Hagran
Four-Eye, an alliance of Chaos-
worshipping tribes and infernal
duardin that had taken nearby
Praetoris. The Mortarch of the
Necropolis had planned out his
routes of attack across the entirety of
the old Ossian Empire, for to him it
was a point of pride that the swathe

of underworlds he once defended
against Chaos be conquered first.
He summoned the nomadic forces
of the Petrifex Elite, those stone-
hard monstrosities who had been
led only by the Mortisan order on
their eternal quest for petrified bone.
Though they were slow in coming,
they heeded the messages sent by
the Mortarch’s messenger birds, and
fashioned vast bone pontoons as
per Katakros’ request to cross Dead
Man’s Blight and reach the northern
promontory of Praetoris.

In the meantime Katakros had
conquered his way up the Necrarch
Coast, sending his Arch-Kavalos
Zandtos to take the opposite side
of the continent from Nerozzar
in the south via Grandioza to the
Ghodrine Peaks. In taking the
coastal regions, the Mortarch had
cut off any route of reinforcement
from Hagran’s
infamous raiding
fleets, many of which were harr ying
the underworlds of Morthaven and
Splint at that time. Hagran himself
had joined the Khorne-worshipping
invaders of Hallost in an attempt to
win an alliance through brute force,
but in leaving his main recruiting
grounds in Praetoris without his
leadership, he had taken a gamble
that Katakros was soon to exploit.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers made a
methodical advance across Praetoris,
taking back lands that Katakros
saw as his by right. With each new
conquest he harvested a new bounty
of human remains; the Chaos-
worshipping armies of the plains
are strong of limb, and make for
excellent raw materials. So disparate
and disorganised were the barbarian
hosts that by the time they mustered
a significant defence under Hagran’s
Beastlord lieutenant, Garha the
Horned, they were surrounded on
three sides. When the Petrifex Elite
arrived from the north, their fate was
sealed. The Battle of Lake Elverin
saw the Ossiarch forces close in a
grand manoeuvre that cut apart tens


PAGEBREAK
of thousands of Chaos-worshipping
savages, culminating with Katakros
decapitating Garha and impaling his
foe’s horned head on the front of his
own chariot.

On the Plains of Flesh and Blood in
nearby Hallost, Hagran Four-Eye
himself found his armies ground
to nothing. Vokmortian’s host,
bolstered by an influx of bone from
fallen ogors of the Tarkan Warglutt,
was well used to open war against
a barbaric foe. Hagran, with his
armoured tribesmen pinned in a
war of attrition against an endless
host of Mortek Guard, found his
flanks collapsed by serial charges of
Kavalos Deathriders and Morghast
Harbingers that eventually sent his
armies into rout. With nowhere to
hide on the broad Hallost plains,
they were ridden down.

In Anadiria the Chaos-worshipping
duardin of the Strangler’s Peaks met
their match against the Mortisan
adepts of the Null Myriad. The
Mortek Guard occupied the main
body of the duardin on the Fractured

Plains, their legion’s
innate
resistance to magic meaning the
conjured lava of the duardin washed
off them as if it were no more than
seawater. The duardin looked to their
supporting ar ti l ler y emplacements
in the Strangler’s Peaks, but those
were already being attacked from
above by freshly-created Necropolis
Stalkers. The looming constructs had
been fashioned for just that duty by
several Mortisan Tridents that had
infiltrated the mountain passes a
few days earlier. The Mortisans had
sent their Gothizzar Harvesters into
the eyries of several Ghodrine Rocs,
raided their bone-strewn lairs, and
created an army of Stalkers centred
around three Morghast Harbingers.
The resultant constructs were still
faintly aglow with the energies of
their creation when they slashed
apart the duardin ar ti l ler y crews and
climbed inside the corridors of the
mountain to slaughter the unwitting
duardin clansmen inside.

In Equuis Main the Stalliarch Lords
burst from the serried barrows of
the Harshspurs and rode hard to the

Brass Monoliths,
the suddenness of
their assault lending them a critical
advantage against the Khorne
worshippers who dwelt there.
With the supporting fire of Mortek
Crawlers spreading deathly flames
amongst the brazen monuments
and driving their enemies into the
open, it was only a matter of time
before the Kavaloi had their foes on
the run. Those who sought safety
within the Dreadholds of that region
won themselves a brief respite until
a legion of Crematorians crossed the
Mausol Sound via vertebral bridges,
waging a pitiless war of attrition
against the Chaos citadels that saw
them razed to the ground with
punishing balefire.

And so it went, until every land that
had once been part of the Ossiarch
Empire was reconquered. Katakros
had regained his power base, and
with it his pride. More than that,
he had at his disposal the bones of
a hundred thousand corpses to fuel
his empire’s
further expansion. The
stage was set for a conquest that
would span the ages.


PAGEBREAK
AN EMPIRE BEYOND DEATH

AN EMPIRE BEYOND DEATH

The Ossiarch Bonereapers were originally sequestered amongst the cities of the first people to settle the Mortal
Realms. They are Nagash’s
foremost warhost in his necrotopia, though only when Katakros became Nagash’s
principal lieutenant did they march en masse into the realms and change their history forever.

AGE OF MYTH

THE COMING OF NAGASH

Freed by Sigmar from incarceration,
the Great Necromancer claims
Shyish as his sovereign domain. He
devises a plan of dizzying scale set
to span millennia, but Nagash is not
one to shy away from ambition, and
is utterly convinced that the Realm
of Death is his by right. The Great
Necromancer puts in motion plans
to conquer every underworld, be it
hellish or paradisiacal. As he does
so, he wi l l consume every rival death
god that presides over the afterlives
of the faithful, becoming the sole
ruler of Shyish.

THE AZYRITE CITIES

The alliance between Sigmar and
Nagash sees hundreds of cities built
across the Mortal Realms, some of
truly spectacular scale. They are
completed in an impressively short
time frame due to the combined
expertise of man, duardin and
aelf, backed up by tireless legions
of skeletons that work ceaselessly
through the night whilst their
mortal equivalents seek their rest.
Unbeknownst
to Sigmar and his
civic leaders, these undead build
beneath the ground as well as above
it, car ving out catacombs in those
forsaken areas that would prove
deadly to the living.

UNLIFE IN THE DARK

Working in absolute darkness and
saturated with deathly energy,
Nagash creates the first Ossiarch
Bonereapers within his citadels
and laboratories. Though many of
the senior necromancers he uses as
his assistants perish in the process,
the survivors are given new forms.
Their souls are prised from their
bodies, melded into composite
spirits and divided once more,
later
to be installed into sculpted bodies
of living bone. These unfortunates
become the first of the Mortisan
order, given the immortality they
had always craved but possessing

no free wi l l other than that which
Nagash affords them. They begin the
work that the Great Necromancer
commands, a grand act of creation
which sees a new race of undead
grow from scatterings of stolen bone
and lost souls to a militar y nation
that wi l l conquer worlds.

forest. Pitched from his chariot,
he is killed amongst the fires of
the campaign’s final battle by a
rampaging Ghorgon.

AS IN LIFE,

IN DEATH

The spectre of Katakros finds his
place in the Ossian military, rising
through the ranks under the Graven
Tutors to become the master of the
Shyishan underworld’s defences. He
casts an acquisitive eye over Necros
to the north, assessing its defences
and finding them wanting, but stays
his blade for now.

THE CONQUEST OF
THE INNERLANDS

The scourge of Chaos casts its
shadow upon the Prime Innerlands,
the ring of territories that surrounds
the balmy heart of Shyish. Katakros
is more than ready for it. Across
the cliffs and promontories of
Hag’s Claw, Katakros drives the
ratmen infesting Cadavaris into
the sea. His serial pincer attacks
upon the northernmost mountains
of Nightfire Spine see him batter
the proud Darkoath tribes of that
region until they are nothing more
than slaves and broken chattel. All
across the Prime Innerlands, his
newly ordered Echelon wins victory
after rousing victory. Katakros’
name is spoken with reverence
and awe in a score of underworlds
from Satyr’s End to Athanasia.
Gradually, however,
it becomes clear
that Katakros is consolidating his
position in each of the territories
he has ‘liberated,’ and that he has
annexed them on behalf of Ossia in
all but name.

VICTORY, NO MATTER
THE COST

A vast army of warrior tribes from
Morthaven, Hallost and Cadavaris,
forced into an alliance by the
pitiless deconstruction of their
independence as a result of Katakros’
campaigns, descends on the outland
holdings of the foundling Ossian
Empire. At the time, Katakros is

The arcane steles launched by Mortek
Crawlers carry a potent revenge-curse
– to be struck by one is to collapse
into a pile of lifeless dust.

THE TRIBES OF SHYISH

The human subcultures that have
thrived under Sigmar expand, sire
new generations and expand again
across the Mortal Realms. Shyish is
no exception, with Sigmar settling
scores of the most hospitable
underworlds until the living make
their homes alongside the dead.
Some of these afterlives are only too
pleased to welcome in the vibrancy
and colour of the living to their
stately and sombre underworlds,
others see them as transgressors
and usurpers. In Ossia, the spectral
mortician-assassin Zandtos makes a
solemn vow to see every single living
interloper slain.

THE FALL OF KATAKROS

In the Ghurish republic of Fleizch,
the war leader Orpheon Katakros
concludes a mercilessly effective
burn-and-slay campaign against the
beastmen infesting a neighbouring


PAGEBREAK
absent, conquering his way through
the horse tribes of Equuis Main.
Yet via the Aviarchs, a network of
spymasters that use fast-flying birds
to convey information from one
commander to another, a message
is sent winging toward him as soon
as the Cadavaran Alliance’s armies
appear on the borders of Necros.
Katakros sends back a scroll in
return, ordering the Graven Tutors
to put into practice that which they
had taught for so many centuries.
If they did not comply,
it read, their
bodies would be exhumed and their
spirits banished or enslaved by
Katakros’ pet necromancers.

THE STUDENT BECOMES
THE MASTER

The Graven Tutors go to war the
next day, each of the solemn generals
leading a legion of spectres behind
them. They fight hard alongside the
garrison forces left by Katakros,
employing every nuance of their
accumulated experience, but they
are sorely outnumbered. Slowly, over
gruelling months of war, the land
of Ossia is beaten into submission.
Each dawn the Graven Tutors look to
the horizon, hoping to see the sails
of Katakros’ fleet growing near ; each
day they are disappointed.

On the twelfth week, just as the
last Ossian garrison is overrun,
Katakros’ army returns from Equuis
Main, a nation of horsemen at its
back. At fu l l strength – having
replenished its numbers across
Praetoris, the underworld of faithful
guardians – the Katakrosian legion
hits the Cadavaran Alliance with
crushing force. The butcher’s bill
is high indeed, with the alliance’s
army put to rout in a single day
and then hunted to extinction in
the wilderness around Thetzar.
Only one of the Graven Tutors
survives to debrief Katakros on the
war effort, tell the tragic tale of his
fallen brethren. Beset with grief, he
censures Katakros for his late return.

Once he is certain that he has
absorbed all knowledge of import
from his former tutor, Katakros
orders the banishment of the elder
spirit, followed by the systematic
dissolution of the entire Ossian
aristocracy outside the Echelon itself.

He installs his battlefield generals
as the overseers of the underworld,
renaming his ruling body as the
Ossiarchs and staging a militar y
coup that sees him take rulership of
the entire country. Some amongst
his detractors believe he had
deliberately been absent at the time
of the Alliance’s attack, and that he
let his enemies cut down those who
could claim power in his stead, but
with the Graven Tutors gone there
is no one to gainsay him. On that
day Katakros becomes the ultimate
lord of Ossia – yet there is one in
Shyish who claims kingship above
even him.

The war masks and helms worn by the
officer caste of the Ossiarch Empire
are elaborate and richly made, the
better to convey the status of their
wearers in the empire of the dead.

THE FIRST FALL OF OSSIA

Though the cultures of Ossia and
Necros do not have gods from whom
to siphon power, Nagash seeks to
conquer both regions, for they are
not too distant from his power base
of Nagashizzar. As he has done in a
dozen underworlds across Shyish,
he sends in his numberless hosts,
but does not commit to battle in
person. For a time, the spectres
of the Ossian Echelon hold back
the Deadwalkers and Deathrattle
legions that assail them, even
uniting on several occasions with
the living tribespeople that have
made their homes there. So long
does the Echelon hold out, so many
thousands of undead do they destroy,
that the defiant Ossians provoke
a visitation from Nagash himself.
When the Great Necromancer
assumes direct command of the
Nagashizzar army to personally
ensure the conquest of Ossia, even
Katakros’ masterful defences begin
to crumble, and within a month the
High General of the Ossian Echelon
is forced to concede defeat.

A FATEFUL TREATY

In the cold calculus of war, Katakros
sees that he can no more triumph
against Nagash than a sandstone cliff
can remain whole against the eternal
crashing of waves. He approaches the
Great Necromancer with a proposal:
he wi l l fight for rather than against
him, uniting the empires of death.
To hold out for a fu l l month against
the armies of Nagashizzar is unheard
of, and the Great Necromancer is
impressed by Katakros’ skills. He
defers his judgement, sequesters
Katakros’
library and has the
militar y and philosophical treatises
within brought to his throne one
after another. After long nights of
poring over the documents, Nagash
comes to a decision, having reasoned
that the mindset of this Ossiarch
general is very similar to that of
his former mortal self. He grants
Katakros’ request, content that
he has found the general he needs
to lead the finest undead army in
all creation, but whose militar y
obsessions mean that he poses no
real threat to the throne of Shyish.

THE MAKING OF
A MORTARCH

In the dark heart of Nagashizzar the
spectre of Katakros is remade utterly,
his new body of magically sculpted
bone mixed with the finest Shyishan
alabaster to transform him into a
gleaming, statuesque demigod over
twelve feet tall. He strides from the
laboratories of Nagashizzar with
his head held high, clad in the fu l l
raiment of war. No ghastly revenant
has he become but a monarch of the
dead, an emperor and icon for the
new order that Nagash intends to
impose upon the Mortal Realms.

Bestowed the title of Mortarch
of the Necropolis, Katakros is
given the glaive Inda-Khaat and
the Shield Immortis, the former a
blade able to cut through a marble
pillar with a single swing, the latter
an ensorcelled aegis that makes
the bearer almost impossible to
harm. Though his physical form
is changed beyond recognition,
Katakros’ razored mind remains
much the same, its lethal focus
only intensified by the promise of
an eternity in which to perfect his
militar y strategies.


PAGEBREAK
AGE OF CHAOS

UNITED BY WAR

The taint of Chaos infects the Mortal
Realms. Across Shyish corrupted
Realmgates pulse and spit out
legions of daemonic foot soldiers.
Plague fleets of Nurgle sail from the
maelstrom gates of the Black Nihil,
the Sea Maw and Greedmouth,
intent on annexing the grave-rich
lands of Ossia for their own devices.
Ossia’s
spectral militar y is more
than ready,
their walls strong and
their hexes well prepared, when the
sails of the plague fleets appear on
the horizon.

It is clear that Necros to the north
is not nearly so well prepared. It has
no standing army and no fortress
walls, devoted as its inabitants
are to the enjoyment of a restful
afterlife well earned. As the Nurgle
forces encroach and the seas begin
to thicken with stinking algae and
diseased hagfish, Katakros ranges
the coast of Ossia with catapults and
siege engines of his own invention.
His forces occupy the entirety
of Necros and swiftly construct
palisade walls and ditch defences
across its borders.

With this act Katakros effectively
cements his control of the entire
Innerlands region from eastern
Hallost all the way to the furthest
extent of Equuis Main; none
challenge his right to do so, for the
enemy is at the gates.

THE PLAGUEFATHER STRIKES

The armies of Chaos hit Shyish
hard. At first the forces of the dead,
united with the living settlers of
their beloved underworlds, hold out
against the followers of the Dark
Gods. Katakros’ cliff-mounted
ar ti l ler y does significant damage
to the Plague Fleet before a foul-
smelling, green-grey fog obscures
their vision. The first Nurgle armies
to invade the coastlines bring with
them the bone plague, a disease that
infects the marrow of the living
and causes crippling pain within
the limbs and chest. The armies
of the Shyishan settlers fall to this
blight one after another, reduced to
infirmity and despair within days of
each new engagement.

THE GHEISTBANE MIST

The spectral hosts of the Ossiarch
Empire, denied one of their
principal sources of manpower,
are further weakened when they
contract diseases of their own, for
Grandfather Nurgle has gifts for all
within his cauldron,
living or dead.
Amongst them is the Gheistbane
Mist, an airborne pox that can infect
ectoplasm and cause even the most
determined spectre to discorporate
into a stinking cloud of nothingness.
When Katakros sees first-hand this
airborne contagion disintegrate his
prized ethereal hosts, he vows to
have his vengeance.

Each Ossiarch Bonereaper is invested
with not one soul, but many, a
coalescence of immortal
forces
tailored to a specific role. The same
can often be said of their relics.

THE WAR OF BONES

Across the Prime Innerlands, the
legions of Nagash fight against the
combined forces of Khorne and
Nurgle. To his horror,
the Great
Necromancer finds that the seeds
of corruption have grown in the
dark corners of the Realm of Death
for far longer than he suspected.
The tribal heartlands of Hallost
are rife with Khorne worship, and
the debaucheries of Satyr’s End
are revealed to harbour many a
Slaaneshi cult. Those lands that
Nagash considered sacrosanct
– amongst them Athanasia, the
Amethyst Princedoms and Stygxx –
are those most heavily under Chaos
attack. He detects the influence of
a mastermind behind the invasion,
some guiding force that is uniting
the Chaos hosts against him. That
force is Archaon, the Everchosen,
perhaps the only being abroad in

the Mortal Realms who can claim
to be as powerful as Nagash and
as skilled in the ways of war as
Orpheon Katakros. When Archaon
goes to war against Nagash in
person over the cursed undead site
known as the Cage of Bones, the
Great Necromancer is defeated. He
is forced to accede Nagashizzar and
flee, his hatred boiling like a black
mist around him, to a pre-prepared
stronghold in Stygxx .

THE PANTHEON TORN

Shyish is but one of the realms
invaded by Archaon, for in his
Varanguard he has so many
tyrannica l
lords of battle at his
beck and call he is able to launch
hundreds of invasions at once. With
the daemonic invaders of the Chaos
Gods preparing the way – a foe that
none of the mortal empires truly
know how to fight – the hordes of
Chaos force their conquests one by
one. Archaon’s
legions are as a steel
fist crushing all before it.

During the battle for the Shyishan
All-gate, Sigmar Heldenhammer –
expecting his old rival to honour the
alliance upon which he had based
the Pantheon of Order – looks to
Nagash for aid, for together the God-
King and the Great Necromancer
could perhaps put even the
Everchosen to rout. But Nagash’s
forces never arrive. It is the people
of the Sigmarite faith that pay the
price, for on that day, the God-King
chooses revenge over duty, and in
doing so leaves the Allpoints to his
nemesis Archaon.

THE WRATH OF SIGMAR

In his rage, Sigmar abandons his
people and makes haste to the
Realm of Death. He searches the
underworlds one after another for
Nagash, calling out for his own
brand of justice. The God-King slays
many of Nagash’s
emissaries and
captains, and even meets the Great
Necromancer in battle on more than
one occasion. But his hammer never
finds its mark. In time, his quest
brings him to the Prime Innerlands,
the storm of his wrath not yet abated.
There he is confronted by Katakros’
legions. A great battle takes place,
but Sigmar is inviolable in his form
as a god of war ; even spirit blades


PAGEBREAK
and weapons forged with grave-
sand simply shatter upon his skin.
A thousand of the Ossiarch Echelon
are destroyed in the crackling blaze
of the God-King’s wrath. Taking a
calculated risk, the Mortarch of the
Necropolis steps forward to duel the
Heldenhammer in person, reasoning
that the glaive Inda-Khaat is a blade
that can potentially ki l l a god – for
Nagash enchanted it to be just such
a weapon, and used the same secrets
of warpstone in its construction that
laid low the Great Necromancer
himself in aeons past.

In single combat on the shores of
Lake Lethis, Katakros fights well,
second-guessing his wrathfu l
opponent and slowly wearing him
down. But Sigmar’s rage grows as the
duel progresses, and with it swells
the thunderhead of his power. As the
day’s light begins to fade, Katakros
finds himself outmatched, his own
shield wrenched from his undead
hands by his raging foe. Yet even
Ghal Maraz cannot destroy the
Mortarch completely.

A LEGEND LAID LOW

Katakros’ remains are locked away
deep in the Midnight Tomb, a vast,
grandiose Stormvault on the banks
of Lake Lethis. The God-King bids
his duardin smiths install a magical
device of obscurement upon the
site, altering the construction of
a Hyshian enlightenment engine
so that it steals knowledge rather
than confers it to those nearby.
For centuries the imposing edifice
goes unseen by even the citizens
of the sprawling metropolis built
atop it. Locked within, Katakros’
soul broods long on the matter of
revenge, and a hundred thousand
ways to enact it.

Realising he cannot win the wider
war against the Chaos Gods with
his Pantheon fragmented, Sigmar
retreats to the Realm of Heavens,
closing the Gates of Azyr behind
him. With Nagash similarly defeated
and in hiding within the dank
citadels of Stygxx, Shyish slowly but
irrevocably falls to the scourge of
Chaos. A red and violent age passes
where neither the forces of Death nor
Order can break the stranglehold of
their mutual enemy.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE TEMPEST BREAKS

The Stormcast Eternals, forged
across the span of the Age of Chaos
by Sigmar and his duardin allies,
are unleashed with a sky-tearing
thunderclap. They strike hard
against Chaos in every one of the
Mortal Realms, from the Brimstone
Peninsula in Aqshy to Hallost in
Shyish. Nagash resents the intrusion,
but not nearly as much as he resents
the theft of those heroic souls the
God-King snatched from the brink
of death – or,
in the case of the
Anvils of the Heldenhammer,
the
other side of the grave. The ancient
enmity between the two gods is
stoked to new heights, and Nagash
vows to have his vengeance – though
he is not one to turn down an
opportunity. With the forces of the
Dark Gods reeling, Nagash retakes
swathes of Shyish from Chaos.

Black soul-trap gems are used by the
Mor tisans to contain the animus of
their Bonereaper constructs. Each is
made of vitrified grave-sand.

THE SHYISHAN NECROQUAKE

Arkhan the Black completes his great
work, the numberless skeletons at
his command setting the capstone
of the Great Black Pyramid in place
as the runic magic within builds to
the point of no return. Agents of
the skaven Clans Eshin infiltrate
the vast edifice at the last, so that
when Nagash’s
ritual reaches a
crescendo centuries in the making,
it is corrupted by the anarchy of
Chaos. A vast wave of deathly energy
cascades across the Mortal Realms,
empowering legions of Ossiarch

Bonereapers and disrupting the
Stormvault
that holds their master
in stasis.

THE RISE OF A NEW EMPIRE

Whilst besieging the free city of
Lethis with her Nighthaunt hosts,
the Mortarch of Grief, Lady Olynder,
frees Katakros from the Stormvault
that imprisons him. His essence,
though incorporeal, is still powerful,
and he takes his retribution on every
living thing in sight as he returns
to Nagashizzar. There he is remade
by the Great Necromancer and sent
once more into the Mortal Realms to
conquer in the name of Nagash.

DEATH AND DESTRUCTION

In the Shyish Innerlands, the
emissary Vokmortian is given
leave to levy the Ossiarch tithe on
every viable source. The grave-city
of Cartoch echoes to the sound of
marching warriors as the Master of
the Bone-tithe masses an army. As he
sets out into Hallost, several Chaos
warhordes are swiftly and decisively
butchered, their bones used to create
even more skeletal
legionaries. The
Tarkan Warglutt
is next to feel the
bite of their blades when a previously
arranged tithe,
long-standing
between generations,
is forsaken by
the foolhardy Kagruk Kin-eater.

A WAR OF BONE OF SOULS

Katakros is united with the Ossiarch
Bonereapers that Nagash always
intended to serve him. The undying
legions, already formidable, are
transformed into an unstoppable
force by the inspired leadership
and uncanny strategic skill of the
Mortarch. A dozen campaigns begin
at once, with the Mortisan order
creating ever more soldiers from
the remains of those they defeat.
Still reeling from the Nighthaunt
incursions that followed the
necroquake, the nations of man,
duardin and aelf find themselves
under attack from a new deathly foe.
It is not only the scions of order that
suffer under Katakros’ new rule –
for even as Ghur is invaded by the
Ivory Host, with swathes of territory
claimed from the greenskin tribes
that rampage across the Hinterlands,
the Endgate is breached by a sudden
assault, and the Eightpoints invaded
by Katakros himself.


PAGEBREAK
LANDS OF DUST AND BONE

LANDS OF DUST
AND BONE

WARRING NATIONS

The Ossiarch Empire has
already begun expanding
across the neighbouring
Prime Innerlands at
Katakros’ behest.

KEY

Necropolis-level
stronghold
For tress-level stronghold
Geomantic pathway

GOTHIZZAR

Foremost stronghold of the Ossiarch
Empire, Gothizzar is a place of
macabre statues and dizzying spires.

The Shyishan underworlds to the
east of the Prime Innerlands are
together known as the Ossiarch
Empire. These are the origin
point of the Ossiarchs’ extensive
invasions, launched via a network
of fortified Realmgates both on dr y
land and at sea.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers, having
first been sculpted into being on
the border of Ossia and Necros,
have meticulously expanded their
empire around the perimeter of the
Shyish Nadir. They do this not only
to protect the heartlands of Nagash,
but also to draw directly upon the
pulsing deathly energies of the Nadir
itself. Since the Great Necromancer
ordered nearly all of the grave-sand
in Shyish to be taken to the realm’s
heart, it has become the area most
saturated with amethyst magic. So
surreal and twisted is that area that
the Ossiarchs erect their primary
necropolises around the Nadir’s
circumference, ringing that great
yawning pit with an empire of bone
so that even Archaon would struggle
to challenge Nagashizzar’s might.

When the Bonereapers march forth
to war, they do so along pathways
that exploit undercurrents of magical
energy divined by the Mortisans
or the Great Necromancer himself.
These routes are dictated more
by hidden ley lines, the locations
of Realmgates and the celestial
configurations of the Mortal Realms
than the quotidian elements of
physical
landscapes. They wi l l often
cross mountain ranges, sail over
seas of boiling tar and fight across
monster-haunted wastelands as the
crow flies instead of taking safer
but more circuitous routes along
conventional roads. Seen from the
heavens, the lines of conquest these
routes trace, and the necropolises
the Ossiarchs establish on the way,
form a geometric lattice that owes
far more to Nagash’s
implacable
wi l l than to the practicalities which
govern the movements of other,
less
resilient armies.


PAGEBREAK
THE OSSIARCH EMPIRE

THE TRIPT YCH

Towering edifices to the
vanity of the Ossiarch
Lieges, these colossi
dominate the plains
of Praetoris.

GREEDMOUTH

This portal to the
Realm of Beasts is
extensively fortified
by the Ivory Host.


PAGEBREAK
THE LEGIONS IMMORTAL

THE LEGIONS IMMORTAL

Ossiarch society is ordered into several castes, each given its own identity and role by the original dictates of
their creation in Nagash’s citadels. It was Katakros, however, who organised them into a rigid hierarchy that
lent the armed forces of the Ossiarch legions a strict sense of clarity and focus.

The caste system of Ossiarch society,
first established by Nagash during
the Age of Myth, has been further
codified and consolidated over the
centuries. It forms a rigid backbone
from which the militar y formations
of their armies can be drawn.

The highest caste, that which forms
the royalty of Nagash’s new order,
is that of the Mortarchs. Katakros
alone bears the cartouche symbol
that delineates this rank, for Arkhan
the Black predates Ossian symbology
by several ages, and he and his fellow
Mortarchs from the world-that-
was are too proud to bear the icon
of another.

Beneath the Mortarch caste is the
Emissarian caste, that religious
order devoted to the glorification
of Nagash. As well as pursuing the
perfection of Ossiarch magic, they
are the caste that levies the bone-
tithe on the living and ensures
its culmination. Presided over
by Arkhan, they are considered
equal in status to the liege-ranked
commanders of the Panoptic

caste, whose duty it is to oversee
the Katakrosian legions and wage
war upon those who would oppose
the tithe.

The Priad caste contains those
regiments created for a specific role
upon the field of battle. Ranging
from the towering Morghast
Harbingers and Necropolis Stalkers
sent out to eradicate powerful enemy
war assets to the Mortek Crawlers
that support the front line with
ar ti l ler y fire, they are formidable
combatants one and a l l.

The artisans,
labourers and
harvesters that support and
consolidate the wider business of
conquest are collectively known as
the Ossifact caste. These labour night
and day to raise the edifices of the
necrotopia as well as to repair those
Bonereapers laid low on the field of
battle – and create new incarnations
should it be deemed necessary.

The endless ranks of the Ossiarch
legions bear the icon of the
Thorac caste. It is they who march

relentlessly upon the enemy, who
suffer the most casualties in the
business of war, and who strike a
note of fear in the enemy with their
sheer numbers as they raise their
banners on the horizon.

Though a Bonereaper might move
within this organisation, they cannot
rise above their allotted station –
only downward, should they fail, to a
level that reflects their punitive new
status within the hierarchy. A Liege-
Kavalos who is found wanting might
be remade as a Kavalos Deathrider if
his transgression is minor, one of the
servant caste of the Mornial
if it is a
major failure, or even, if it is severe
enough, have his soul-elements
blended with those of a Kavalos
steed. In the worst-case scenario, a
Bonereaper who has been marked for
extreme censure may be broken into
his constituent parts and remade by
the Mortisans as one of the Parrha,
or ‘Shattered’. That caste of Nagash-
forsaken exiles forms the outcasts
of the Ossiarch world, and are
considered to be less than chattel by
the upper echelons of their society.

The royal cartouche is that
of the Mortarchs, highest
rank of Ossiarch society.

The stylised mouth
represents the religious
Emissarian caste.

The Panoptic caste use an
all-seeing eye to represent
their command status.

The many constructors of
the empire are known as
the Ossifact caste.

The specialists of the
Ossiarch Empire are known
as the Priad caste.

The Thorac caste form the
greater military body of the
Katakrosian legions.

Retainers and servants
are together known as the
Mornial caste.

The exiles and outcasts of
the Ossiarch Empire are
known as the Parrha.


PAGEBREAK
The strict hierarchy that governs
Ossiarch society is based
around a pyramidal structure,
with Nagash at the peak. Its
rigid caste system ensures both
loyalty and subserv ience.

ARCH-KAVALOS
ZANDTOS,
Dark Lance of Ossia

NAGASH

ORPHEON

KATAKROS

MORGHAST
ARCHAI

ARKHAN
THE BLACK

VOKMORTIAN,
Master of
the
Bone-tithe

MORTISAN
SOULMASONS

MORTISAN
SOULREAPERS

LIEGE-KAVALOS

LIEGE-MORTEK

LIEGE-IMMORTIS

PRIME HEKATOI

HEKATOI

MORGHAST HARBINGERS

IMMORTIS GUARD

NECROPOLIS STALKERS

KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS

MORTEK CRAWLERS

MORTEK GUARD

PRIME NECROPHOROS

NECROPHOROI

(MORTEK AND KAVALOS)

MORTISAN
BONESHAPERS

GOTHIZZAR
HARVESTERS

AVIARCH
MESSENGERS
AND SPYMASTER

GNOSIS
SCROLLBEARERS

ADDENDANS
AND EXILES


PAGEBREAK
Mortis Praetorians

MORTIS PRAETORIANS

The Necrotopian Guard,

the Ten Thousand Cohorts,

the Katakroi

The legion of Katakros himself, the Mortis Praetorians are the finest militar y force on the far side of the grave.
Wielded as a professional army by the consummate strategic and tactical acumen of their leaders, their lethality
comes not from the fear they strike, nor their baleful magics, but from an innate mastery of the arts of battle.

The Mortis Praetorians’ ability to
wage war with uncanny speed and
efficiency has won them countless
battles since the Age of Myth. The
philosophy of Orpheon Katakros is
embedded in every one of his prized
Mortis Praetorians, a bone-deep
impression of his martial values
that forms an intrinsic part of
their composite souls. These core
principles are bolstered and shaped
by the personalities of the favoured
generals that once served him. Such
was the Mortarch’s need for conquest
that, when Nagash first incepted him
as the master of the Ossiarch legions,
he ripped the souls of the generals
that had served him well in life from
their mausoleums and gave them to
his Mortisans, who painstaking ly
split their souls into their composite
parts through a harrowing process
called spiritual distillation. In doing
so he instilled a tiny part of each
of these officers into each favoured
cohort. Every one of the Jakaqian
Cohort, operating out of Cadavaris,
has a tiny part of Jakaq the Wise still
screaming within them, whereas
the Serpentine Column of Xanda
is governed by the ancient soul of
Djuxanda of the Weaving Blade.

Known to the other Ossiarchs as
the Katakroi or the Ten Thousand
Cohorts, the Mortis Praetorians
keep a constant number of warriors
no matter how violent the tides of
war become. The simplest method
of reinforcement
is for them to
pitilessly slay their enemies to a man,
then recover their fallen – as well as
the choicest bone from the corpses
of their foes – and use those remains
to reform their slain warriors that
they might live again. Should they
suffer extreme losses, and should it
appear that they wi l l be unable to
recover their remains after battle’s
end, they wi l l form new warriors to
replace them almost immediately
– so strong is the necromantic link
between the front-line officer caste

and those Mortisans that work deep
in their necropolises that as one
warrior falls, a replacement is made
and seconded to a new unit ready
to fight once more. Once that new
unit of Katakroi reaches the site of
its previous incarnation, the legion’s
Soulreapers wi l l gather the residual
essences and splintered shards of the
slain Bonereapers, melding them
to infuse the new incumbents with
the same guiding animus. Though
it takes inhuman dedication and
patience to achieve, and though
their cohorts may be widespread, the
Mortis Praetorians are hence always
kept at the same fighting strength –
for determination is something the
dead possess in terrifying measure.

It is the ongoing duty of the
Mortis Praetorians to uphold the
notion that Nagash’s necrotopia
is a place of glory and splendour.
To this end their lower castes
spend the time between battles
raising ever more sophisticated
settlements – at first military, but
then civic and ultimately aesthetic.
Towering statues of Nagash take
form alongside vast gateways,
deathly gardens and morbid feats
of architecture sprout from the
nothingness of the lands they
conquer, each carefully crafted from
the bones of those they slew on the
path to their dominion. To attack
these wonders of Nagash’s
realm is to
invite a cold and terrible vengeance.

The Mortis Praetorians are exper t tithemasters. All know that to transgress
against their contracts is to face a callous and efficient slaughter.


PAGEBREAK
Petrifex Elite

PETRIFEX ELITE

The Bleak Exhumers,

the Stone Colossi,

the Archaeossians

Unrelenting. Monstrous. Tireless and utterly without pity. The Petrifex Elite form a grinding juggernaut of rock-
hard bone, a nomadic force created from the stuff of skeletons turned to stone over aeons spent beneath the earth.
They are the grinding fist of the Ossiarch Empire, set loose crush the fragile nations of their mortal prey.

Those that set themselves against
the Petrifex Elite are matched
not against conventional human
remains, but petrified bone as
unyielding as bedrock. Arrows
rebound harmlessly from the titanic
frames of these giants, swords
shatter and axes are blunted or
broken apart. The return blows,
though ponderous, are devastating –
the metres-long glaives and scimitars
of these creatures shiver upraised
shields and hack right through
the limbs beneath, or else mangle
and maim those foolish enough to
challenge them as their wielders
stride on without pause.

The Petrifex Elite are an anomaly in
Bonereaper society, for they do not
create, construct, nor reshape the
lands they conquer. They exist only
to slay, and to pillage ancient bone
from the civilisations they shatter,
each haul of petrified bone used
to create more of these terrifying
shock-troops so their rampage can
grow ever deadlier. It is rumoured
that the Petrifex Elite once numbered
only twenty, amongst them those
same Mortisans that rule the legion
to this day. In the Age of Myth, they
were given but one command by
Nagash himself, an order rumoured
by the other legions to be no longer
than a sentence. Some say it was to
crush the hopes and dreams of all
those who would stand against him,
others that it was to strike terror into
the hearts of mortals – or perhaps
to take the finest bodily remains for
Nagash, thereby ensuring that no
rival could ever surpass him in the
dark arts of necromancy. That reason
has long been lost to the annals of
history, but the Archaeossians march
onward still.

The leaders of the Petrifex Elite
are a coven of Mortisans who have
long overseen the endless rampage
of their colossal charges. Known
together as the Necrosian Cabal,

they eschew individuality – or so the
Mortisan Order claims. The Grand
Necromystic, most senior of their
number, rides in state surrounded
by a bodyguard of Gothizzar
Harvesters known simply as the
Bleak Guardians; those that dare
stand in his path are swiftly torn to
pieces, their bones left lying in the
dirt for less discerning Ossiarchs to
claim. It is the Grand Necromystic
who believes personal identity to
be a distraction, a sub-optimal
use of the resources allocated to
him. As a result the leaders of the
Petrifex Elite are known by titles
alone – though each title can accrue
a reputation as much as any name.
The Thrice-Sculptor,
for instance,
is

famed for the quality of the gleaming
Necropolis Stalkers he fashions
from the bones of ancient nobility
and bedecks with precious metals
taken from elder graves. Conversely
the Bone Goliaths, an echelon of
Necropolis Stalkers made by the
Sinistral Master, are known for their
dark coloration, the petrified bone
of the constructs near black and the
crimson of their armour so deep it
blends with the gloom to much the
same extent. The favoured tactic of
the Goliaths, that of standing stock
still in the extrapolated path of
their intended victims so their prey
thinks them only statues, has seen
more than one sudden massacre
prosecuted without loss.

The bones used in the construction of the Petrifex Elite are those of ancient
civilisations from the prehistory of the Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
Stalliarch Lords

STALLIARCH LORDS

The Once-Noble, Merciless Riders, Equumortoi

Thunderous is the charge of the Stalliarch Lords, for their vanguard ride massive undead steeds built for the
crashing impact of a mounted assault. Fiercely independent, they hail from the dead of the Equuis horse-tribes,
and hold to a twisted code of their own. One chance they give to their prey, but even that is no chance at all…

Hailing from the horseman’s
paradise of Equuis Main, the
Stalliarch Lords believe themselves
to be warriors of great honour. Yet
they too have been twisted by the
claw of Nagash, and have no real
intention of letting those they come
across live for long.

These cavalr y forces ride down their
opponents with a cold joy in their
hearts, for of all the Bonereapers
they are the most vital – an aspect
they reinforce by using the freshest
bodily remains they can find. This
usually lends each new construct a
gory and blood-flecked appearance;
their bones the slick, almost
pinkish hue of one plucked from
raw meat. Though the Stalliarch
Lords stand tall and proud, their
armour shining green-grey and
their weapons glinting in the sun,
they reek of split corpses and blood
drizzles down their arms and legs
from still-warm marrow. As soon
as they see their strict and often
arbitrary laws transgressed, they
prosecute and harvest their enemies
with a merciless efficiency,
just as an
experienced butcher fillets the meat
of his herd. The post-battle ritual of
resculpting the fallen is done not in a
dusty Mortisan sepulchre, but on the
open field, an improvised abattoir
that stains the earth crimson as the
Stalliarch Lords take their due.

Those who stand in the path of a
Stalliarch Lords invasion are given
an ultimatum before the slaughter
begins. Usually delivered by a lone
rider in the dead of night, this may
be in the form of a challenge, a
dictate or a proviso that must be
fulfilled by the next dawn, and is
usually impossible to achieve. It may
be to provide a tonne of exhumed
bone per capita overnight. It may
be to detail the fu l l lineage of every
member of the city dating back to its
inception, and the condition of every
bone within their bodies. It may

even be to defeat a Liege-Kavalos
in mounted combat, a feat that
has proven beyond even the Blood
Knight Tolurion of the Crimson
Keep. The fact the challenge is all but
impossible to achieve is irrelevant
to the Stalliarch Lords. Provided the
ultimatum is delivered to a living
recipient, they consider their honour
satisfied, for their intended prey has
been given a way out, and if they are
too weak or disorganised to take it
then on their heads be it.

On those extremely rare occasions
that their terms are fulfilled, the
Stalliarch Lords wi l l ride on, leaving
their would-be foes confused and
unhurt behind them. If it is failed,

for whatever reason, those found
wanting are instead considered
worse than beasts. They are nothing
more than an economic resource in
the eyes of the Stalliarchs from that
point on, accorded no more dignity
than stone or mortar. If they refuse
to fight, they wi l l be ridden down in
a series of brutal assaults that pound
through the cities and townships, the
Stalliarchs’ cavalr y sabres flashing
and their spears punching through
unarmoured backs. If the enemy
takes to the field, their battleline wi l l
soon be encircled, outflanked and
charged in an interlocking series of
attacks that display true militar y
genius backed up by a psychopathic
disregard for mortal life.

Of all the Ossiarch legions, the Stalliarch Lords have the most cavalry,
their
necropolises hung with macabre heraldic dev ices to show their warrior pride.


PAGEBREAK
Ivory Host

IVORY HOST

The Ghur-Tamers, the Scrimshawed Legion,

the Teratomortoi

Though they appear polished and gleaming on the outside, bedecked in fine metals and scrimshawed with
beautifully etched runes, the Ivory Host harbour a simmering rage that can explode into berserk violence. These
are the warriors with which Nagash has taken it upon himself to conquer Ghur – no matter the cost…

Marching in tight lockstep from
their bone galleons, their banners
held proudly upright, the Ivory Host
seem the epitome of righteousness
in death. They take pride in their
skills as artisans as well as warriors,
creating necropolises and ships of
war that are possessed of a strange
and morbid beauty. They fastidiously
clean their weapons and armour –
and more than that, burnish and
polish their skeletal forms to a high
sheen. Some amongst their cohorts
spend days on end inscribing their
bones with tessellating designs
or runic script from the Principia
Necrotopia. Seen in this state, the
Ivory Host could be mistaken for
paragons of civilisation. Yet
the
monster within is merely quiescent,
and sure as the darkness of Ulgu
replaces the light of Hysh each
eventide, it wi l l rise to hideous
wakefulness once more.

The role of the Ivory Host is as
simple as it is impossibly ambitious –
to conquer Ghur. This was the dictate
given to the Monarch of Tusks,
known in her former life as Ghuri-
Xza, the Drakeslayer Queen, and she
has bent every iota of her obsessive
nature – and that of her extensive
naval fleet – towards its achievement
ever since. Her Teratomortoi are not
merely invaders, they are usurpers,
for they make their legionaries
from the monstrous foes they
defeat. Their skeletal forms are
each made from the tusks and the
bones of behemoths, processed and
reshaped by the Mortisans that form
Ghuri-Xza’s battlefield generals.
When a great beast is slain, and
the lands about pacified at the edge
of a nadirite blade, the Ivory Host
wi l l build a great necropolis upon
the site of the victory, bedecking
it with the furs and tanned skins
of slain creatures as a reminder
that militar y order and skill wi l l
surpass the strength of even the
fiercest behemoth.

Yet
the primal anger of Ghur cannot
be so easily dismissed. The practice
of using beast-bone, exacerbated
by the tradition of coating their
phylacteries in amberstone, means
that the feral energy of the Realm of
Beasts thrums within the marrow
of every one of the Scrimshawed
Legion. Should the legionaries
have their polished bones cracked
open, the bestial energy within
wi l l pour out, and they wi l l burst
into a vicious state of frenzy that
spreads throughout the army like a
virus. With the monstrous rage of
the Realm of Beasts driving them
forward they commit terrifying
acts of slaughter, all precision and
militar y decorum forgotten as they

slash, bite and scream like rabid
lunatics. This transformation is
horrifying to those that witness
it. The Ivory Host excuse these
excesses by citing their strings of
victories over the predatory beasts
of Ghur, and that without the inner
ferocity they draw upon, they would
instead have a litany of defeats. Yet
in their souls, every one of these
cursed berserkers knows that it is
the beast within that has ultimately
conquered them.

‘To slay a monster, one must become

just as monstrous.

It

is law.’

- Ghuri-Xza

From a cer tain perspective the Ivory Host’s warriors are works of art – though
their finery hides an atavistic secret that runs through each and every bone.


PAGEBREAK
Null Myriad

NULL MYRIAD

The Legion Inimical,

the Magic-Eaters,

the Mortoi Auroris

Cresting the horizon under a shimmering aurora come the Null Myriad. These silent revenants glow with dark
power, for each is dense with the necromantic magic of Shyish. This makes them all but immune to arcane attacks,
whilst their aura of baleful energy can cause mortal foes to quick ly sicken and age around them.

Where mortals fear to tread, there
go the Null Myriad. It is said they
could even invade the hellscapes
of the Realm of Chaos and survive,
for these legionaries have an
unnatural resistance to the baleful
effects of magical energy, and their
leaders have an innate connection
with eldritch forces. These are
Bonereapers saturated in Shyishan
magic, made specifically to venture
into the worst possible environments
and to claim them in the name
of Nagash.

The first of the Ossiarch legions
to take shape, the Null Myriad
were prototypes of a sort, a dark
experiment Nagash performed in
the Age of Myth. The eldest of their
number are so rich in necromantic
energy that even predatory spells
avoid them, and where they walk
amongst the lands of mortals,
graveyards writhe with unlife and
cadavers sit upright in their wake.
Yet
the Myriad was completed
only after the events of the Shyish
necroquake, for that cataclysm
rendered their purpose moot, and
hence saw them reborn.

Having proved so unsettling and
sinister that Nagash’s would-be allies
amongst the Pantheon of Order
reacted with great hostility to their
presence, the first of the Myriad
were exiled to the Realm of Death’s
Perimeter Inimical. They alone
could endure out there, where a
mortal garrison would age unto dust
in a matter of days. These eternal
guardians of Shyish’s most hostile
and flux-wracked outerworlds were
imbued with a power over magic
that made them able to subsist and
endure across the aeons. Despite
being lashed by the howling tides
and gales of arcane power that haunt
each realm’s Perimeter Inimical,
they stood in good order, enduring
magical hurricanes and cutting
down the protean monstrosities that

sought to prey upon them. Whenever
the forces of the Dark Gods strayed
from the penumbra that marked the
borders of the Realm of Chaos and
the material realm, the Null Myriad
stood ready to hurl them back,
and fought them in hundreds of
vicious battles without recognition
or respite. In doing so, they bought
time for Nagash to enact a greater
plan. Arkhan the Black’s Deathrattle
minions had marched out to Shyish’s
perimeter, each returning in single
file with a single grain of grave-sand
held carefully in their bony palms.
When this monumental work was
completed and the Shyish Nadir
created, the Perimeter Inimical
simply ceased to be.

Since that day the Null Myriad
have been given new purpose. At
Gothizzar, Arkhan the Black made a
pact with Katakros, giving countless
thousands of his tainted Deathrattle
skeletons as material with which
to make more magically resistant
legionaries. He asked only for an
alliance in return. Since then a war y
respect has united the two elder
Mortarchs, and the Null Myriad have
been sent out from Shyish to claim
the perimeters of the other realms.
Few can contest them as they build
necropolises amongst the howling
gales of magic. In this way Katakros
intends to take vast swathes of each
realm, and in doing so control the
ultimate source of their magic.

The Null Myriad often spor t a third-eye marking on their skulls, hinting at
their especially strong connection to the mystical energies of the realms.


PAGEBREAK
Crematorians

CREMATORIANS

The Levellers of Cities,

the Wrath of Nagash Incarnate, Ygnimortoi

Should Nagash wish to make an example of those who oppose him, it is the Crematorians he sends to burn them to
the ground. Alight with the dark fires of the Shyish Nadir, they are Nagash’s
ire made real, considered expendable
in the cause of bitter spite. They do not build nor pacify, for they exist only to raze the lands of the living.

Just as a fire ship is launched to
collide with an enemy galleon
and bring about its doom, the
Crematorians are sent marching
towards enemy cities – should the
conflagration of war take hold, none
wi l l survive. When one of these
flaming revenants draws close the
heat of Nagash’s wrath can be felt as
a hideous, inimical agony so strong
it can ignite hair and crackle skin
with its intensity.
In the presence
of the Ygnimortoi, even stone and
metal blackens and flakes away
to ash. These are the statement of
Nagash’s
anger against the living, his
pitiless wi l l given form. Even should
an enemy overcome one of these
horrors, the creature can immolate
itself in a detonation of arcane
energy that takes the foe with it.

The Ygnimortoi are made to kill,
not to persist. The existence of their
rank and file can be measured in
weeks at most. On the attack they
come forth as a numberless horde
of burning, skeletal killers, utterly
heedless of the damage meted out to
them and united by a single deadly
imperative. From the walls of the
city they are to sack, they appear
over the horizon in dribs and drabs,
appearing first as some mournful
procession of torchbearers. Then,
as their true number is revealed,
they come on as a twink ling sea of
flames. Only when they get close is
the truth made horribly clear – they
do not bear fire in their hands, but
within themselves.

Once the Ygnimortoi’s endless
ranks have stormed the walls of the
enemy city, annihilated its defenders
and then been consumed in the
inferno that follows the ransacking,
the next wave wi l l sift through the
ash and cinders that are left. With
nerveless fingers they wi l l pluck out
the red-hot phylactery gems and
blackened splinters of bone, bearing
the remains back to their Mortisans

so another horde of Crematorians
can be fashioned. So volatile is
the wrathfu l magic within them
that should a Crematorian host be
delayed from its intended target,
its
legionaries wi l l begin to blacken and
die, the balefires within consuming
them from the inside out.

The disposable nature of the
Crematorians is a source of great
consternation to their leaders.
Though they themselves were
boneshaped with care enough to see
them survive for centuries before
finally burning out, many of their
number have made pacts to repair
one another, with the Boneshapers
tending to their comrades’ physical

forms to prevent their consumption
by flame even as the Soulmasons
tend to their damaged souls. Their
field commander, Ygnopatris
Xaranos, goes further – oftentimes
he forbids the burning of his victims’
libraries and storehouses of magic
items until he has scoured them for
knowledge that might help preserve
his legion from the balefire that
burns inside them. As yet, he has
found nothing of benefit – or rather
nothing he would reveal to Katakros
and his Mortarch kindred. Yet since
the necroquake’s after-effects showed
that Nagash’s magic is not infallible,
alongside the fire of the Great
Necromancer’s wrath, there burns
something akin to hope in his breast.

The arcane fires of Nagash consume the Crematorians from the inside out, but
not before they ensure they burn his foes to ash alongside them.


PAGEBREAK
Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead

NAGASH, SUPREME LORD OF THE UNDEAD

Nagash is the father of necromancy. By his skeletal hands have countless empires been cast down, their
populations raised with macabre dark magic to join his infinite legions. With a gesture he can send forth an army
of undying soldiers, twist the nature of magic around himself, or rip the souls from a horde of enemy warriors.

The Great Necromancer looms
above the battlefield, borne aloft by
a swirling cloud of shrieking spirits.
These lethal phantasms soar and
spiral around Nagash as he brings
his cold rage to bear upon those
who dare oppose him. A freezing,
ethereal storm envelops his victims,
who scream in agonised horror as
their very essences are consumed.

Nagash is the undisputed master
of all undead creatures. When
he goes to war at the head of his
Ossiarch Bonereaper legions, the
ground trembles beneath the tread
of his endless followers. Would-be

lords of death are brought to their
knees, their armies subsumed
into the grand host. There is no
resisting the power of Nagash. Many
rebellious and vain tyrants have
tried to defy his dominating will,
but all such attempts have ended in
their excruciating and humiliating
torment. The Great Necromancer
never forgets an insult, and has a
thousand ways to repay what he
sees as injustice with a fitting – and
usually twisted – punishment.

Merely to be in the presence of
Nagash is to feel bone-deep terror.
This is not some mundane foe that

can be swept aside with cannon
fire and slashing swords, but a god
of undeath, a being of unstoppable
elemental force. Just as death
cannot be conquered, neither can
its master. Arrows, bullets and
arcane projectiles deflect harmlessly
from Morikhane, the Great
Necromancer’s ensorcelled armour,
even as he unleashes spells that turn
the battleground into a nightmarish
ki l ling field.

Over his impossibly long existence,
Nagash has devoured libraries fu l l
of esoteric texts and forbidden lore.
His mastery of the arcane is rivalled
by only a handful of beings across
the Mortal Realms, and even these
powerful mages would hesitate to
summon the dark sorceries that
Nagash wields without a second
thought. This bottomless reservoir of
knowledge is stored within the pages
of the Nine Books of Nagash. With
a word, Nagash can call one of these
tomes to hand,
intoning the dreadful
invocations within to obliterate his
foes. Indeed, so suffused is Nagash
with necromantic power that his
very touch can turn flesh to dust in
an instant,
leaving nothing but a
leering skeleton behind.

Nagash holds nothing but contempt
for simple-minded barbarians and
brutish warriors who dedicate
themselves to the low arts of combat.
He prefers to exterminate such foes
at range with a cascade of flesh-
withering magic rather than waste
effort crossing blades. However,
should the need arise, he is more
than capable of destroying those
who stray too close. He wields
Alakanash, the Staff of Power, and
Zefet-nebtar, the Mortis Blade.
The former is capped with gems of
vitrified Shyishan realmstone that
allow Nagash to siphon the souls of
the slain. The latter can sweep aside
entire ranks of lesser foes, or hew
even a drake in twain. Truly it is said
that to face Nagash in battle is to face
death incarnate.


PAGEBREAK
Arkhan the Black

ARKHAN THE BLACK

Arkhan the Black is the greatest of Nagash’s
students, an arch-
necromancer whose dominion over the dead would be unrivalled were it
not for the godly power of his master. He serves with unflinching loyalty,
performing those tasks that the Supreme Lord of the Undead would
entrust to no other.

As far as Nagash trusts any
creature, he trusts Arkhan the
Black. Bearing the title Mortarch
of Sacrament, Arkhan has served
the Great Necromancer since time
immemorial, and over the ages has
been privy to many of Nagash’s most
closely guarded secrets.

A native of Nagash’s original
homeland, Arkhan takes great care
that few are aware of his mortal
origins. Knowledge is power,
after all, and Arkhan is obsessed
with both. Since becoming an
undying liche-creature, Arkhan has
considered his mortal life a mere
prelude to a permanent reality of
undeath, for as a faithful servant of
Nagash he has risen high indeed.
In return for his unshakeable
devotion, Nagash has blessed his
favoured vassal with unique power
and responsibility. Only Arkhan has
glimpsed a fraction of the true scale
of his master’s ambition, for it is he
who is ordered to carr y out Nagash’s
most delicate and difficult tasks.

Amongst the sacred crusades
entrusted to Arkhan was the creation
of the Great Black Pyramid of
Nagashizzar.
In sending forth his
pupils, the Necromancers known
as the Black Disciples, and thereby
mustering numberless hordes of
Deathrattle skeletons, Arkhan
amassed the necessary grave-sand
from the Perimeter Inimical of
Shyish one grain at a time. It was
a crusade that only the Mortarch
of Sacrament could have hoped to
complete, and complete it he did.
It led to the creation of the Shyish
Nadir, and the necroquake that saw
Nagash’s power spread across the
lands. Though the ritual of the Great
Black Pyramid was corrupted by the
agents of Chaos at the last, it still had
the desired effect of inverting the
flow of magic in Shyish and sending
a wave of deathly energy crashing
across the realms.

Arkhan’s
reward for this grand
act of cosmic engineering was
to be afforded command of the
Null Myriad, a personal legion of
Ossiarch Bonereapers that not even
Katakros himself could disrupt. The
numberless skeletons that had borne
the grave-sand, grain by grain, were
used as the clay to make them. The
vast majority of the Black Disciples
– gathered together by Arkhan at the
Council of Anadiria – were slain,
rendered down, and used as the
animating souls. With the best of
their number reborn as Mortisans,
they serve Arkhan more fully in
death than they ever did in life.

The Mortarch’s mastery over
death magic is second only to that
of Nagash. Mounted upon the
dread abyssal Razarak, Doom of
Traitors – a previous gift from his
master – he soars ominously across
the battlefield hurling soul-searing
balefire from his skeletal hands.
Armed with Khenash-an, the Staff
of Spirits, Arkhan can cause enemy
warriors to age hundreds of years
in an instant, their fragile bones
collapsing under the weight of their
armour. With a simple command he
can send unliving spirits screaming
forth to slay in his name, or summon
a blizzard of amethyst shards to
tear through his foes. Even as he
unleashes the blackest magics to
obliterate the living, Arkhan feeds
upon the soul-stuff of those he has
killed, restoring and reknitting his
physical form with each death just as
the dread abyssal on which he rides
is healed in turn.

Arkhan snuffs out the life of his
foes with a cold dispassion, for his
belief in Nagash’s ultimate success
is absolute. When that day comes,
when the legions of the dead have
conquered the entirety of the Mortal
Realms, the Mortarch of Sacrament
intends to be standing proud at his
master’s side.


PAGEBREAK
Katakros, Mortarch of the Necropolis

KATAKROS, MORTARCH OF THE NECROPOLIS

Katakros strides the Mortal Realms as a colossus of war. Accompanied by his royal legions, this immortal
strategist coordinates not just the battle before him, but also a sprawling campaign across the lands. Those who
seek to slay him are either despatched by his champions or cut down by the glaive of the Mortarch himself.

Orpheon Katakros is the emperor of
an undying elite, and he goes to war
with all the pomp and circumstance
that befits his station. Distrusting
steeds since the disastrous chariot
charge that cost him his life, he
simply strides to battle with the
surety of a god. It is his wont to take
a commanding vantage point from
which he can look down on the
battlefield, surrounded by his most
valued aides,
just as he did in life –
though, like their master,
they too
are long dead.

The regiments of the Katakrosian
army are the Mortarch’s blade
and shield, for he has no wish to
sully himself with the business of
violence. Instead he focuses on more
cerebral matters, his indomitable
wi l l reaching out to invigorate and
inspire his troops whenever his gaze
passes across them. A Katakrosian
legion is a perfectly honed tool of
war, a militar y body of surpassing
discipline guided by the genius
of a leader steeped in centuries of

experience. His time spent trapped
within the Stormvault of Lake
Lethis did not still his mind; having
dwelt on matters of revenge across
the entirety of the Age of Chaos,
it is now a more sophisticated and
dangerous weapon than ever before.

The supernatural focus Katakros
brings to the art of war is facilitated
by his entourage. At his right hand
is his Liege-Immortis, the high-
helmed champion who commands
the Immortis Guard that protect
him on the field of battle. At his left
is his Prime Necrophoros,
the bearer
of Katakros’ sacred banner. All
creatures,
living or dead, that see the
standard’s glinting black capstone
raised upon the horizon hear the
Mortarch’s
stentorian tones clear in
their mind whenever he speaks.

Oftentimes Katakros wi l l wage
several wars at once. Via the
bird-like messengers of his
Aviarch Spymaster, he coordinates
overlapping campaigns that stretch

across thousands of leagues. Even
as he breaks the foe’s army piece
by piece he dictates documents for
their surrender to his keepers of
knowledge, the Gnosis Scrollbearers
– for should enough of the enemy
survive to provide a profitable
source of tithe, he wi l l seal their
fate by binding them in inescapable
arcane contracts.

In Nagash’s
eyes, Katakros is the
perfect general. He was remade in
the idealised form of an exemplar of
undeath – a fact he knows fu l l well,
further compounding his monstrous
sense of superiority. Should a
supplicant grovel enough or prove to
be particularly silver-tongued, the
Mortarch can be bargained with.
He wi l l just as willing ly subjugate
nations through his own twisted
form of diplomacy to secure a vassal
state – and thereby a steady supply of
bone – as he wi l l crush them through
militar y action. To him, it is one and
the same. Either way, he wi l l have his
victory in the end.

T he change-daemons spilled out by the hundred,
a globular mass of pink and blue flesh pouring
from the Faeros Realmgate. Katakros sent
in another cohor t of Mortek Guard, his lips set in
a disapprov ing frown as their front ranks were
transmuted to scatterings of multicoloured sparks.
The por tal had served him well, but he had already
expended three cohor ts in its reclamation.
The Mortarch glanced at the Necropolis Stalkers
picking their way through the rubble.
‘Contain it,’ he
said, his syllables clipped and precise. The Stalkers
leapt forward, slashing their great blades through the
feather-crowned daemon herald still w idening the rift.
Behind them came a pair of Gothizzar Harvesters,
the bludgeoning blows from their mace-like hands
crushing larger daemons even as their tails and
side-limbs smashed the lesser versions into puffs of
brimstone flame.
A vast avian monstrosity came through the split in
reality, claws ripping the gateway w ide. As it unfurled
its mighty wings it met Katakros’ gaze, and shrieked
a challenge. A doppelganger of the monstrosity
shimmered close by on the Mortarch’s
left, becoming
solid even as the orig inal disappeared entirely.

‘Attend me,’
said Katakros to his retainers as
the daemon came forward, its great taloned foot
descending to crush his aides. The Aviarch sunk a
dagger into its knee, but then both the spymaster and
the Necrophoros were consumed in a burst of energy,
transformed into scattering blue ravens that cawed
‘Tzeentch! Tzeentch!’
in alarm. His Liege-Immor tis
stepped in, blocking the creature’s bladed staff before
stabbing it in the wr ist. The greater daemon simply
leant down and bit his head clean off. It made an
arcane gesture, and the Gnosis scribe Deteshe curled
up into a weird spiral of bone. All inconvenient fates,
thought Katakros, but far from irreparable.
‘So be it,’
sighed Katakros, raising the glaive Inda-
Khaat. The daemon belched a torrent of warpflame,
but Katakros took it on his shield, dispersing it. Had
the creature thought him so ill prepared? He laughed,
flames curling from his lips as he swept Inda-Khaat
around in a per fect arc. The beast raised its staff,
but the glaive cut right through it, sinking into its
serpentine neck. The massive head fell into the dir t.
Katakros snor ted ash. This day would not y ield a
single bone, but the Great Conspirator would know his
name. That, at least, was a star t.


PAGEBREAK
‘I was born to bring the Mortal Realms

to heel.

I died

to defeat Chaos, was remade,

then died again under

the hammer of

the Soul-Thief. But still

I stand, and I

stand tall. By the grace of my master Nagash,

I have

become the doom of empires.’

- Katakros the Undefeated


PAGEBREAK
Arch-Kavalos Zandtos

ARCH-KAVALOS ZANDTOS

Zandtos is a fiercely competent general, second only in martial wisdom to Katakros himself. As the Arch-

Kavalos of the Ossiarch Empire, he leads the charge of the Bonereapers into the era of the Arcanum Optimar. It is
his wish to purify Shyish by eradicating all living things within it, even should it take all eternity.

Patru Zandtos, the Dark Lance, is the
only general from Katakros’
former
existence whom the Mortarch has
allowed to remain whole. He has not
a shred of ambition to rise above his
current rank. Instead, he focuses
his efforts purely on causing the
greatest amount of damage possible
to the living of Shyish, wielding his
armies as extermination forces to
systematically eradicate ever ything
in the realm that draws breath. It is
his fervent belief that the living have
no place in Shyish;
if he has to ensure
their demise in person he wi l l do so,
for his lance arm never tires, and
neither do his extensive armies.

Even in mortal life Zandtos
considered himself a purist,
eschewing distractions for the
single-minded pursuit of the morbid
arts. For over sixty years he served
as an assassin-mortician, revering
death even as he inflicted it on those
he had been employed to ki l l. Riding
his black destrier towards his victim
on a lonely road, he would end them
swiftly,
inflicting the ki l ling blow
with almost loving care. Unusually
for an assassin, he would not flee
the site of the murder but inter the
slain with great honour – despite
the hard labour of digging their
grave, scooping out their offal

and stitching their wounds closed
to make them presentable after
the kill, Zandtos would perform
these tasks professionally and
without complaint.

As with all the stoics of his morbid
home nation, upon his death
Zandtos found himself in the
underworld of Ossia. There, the
credo of hard work being its own
reward meant that the underworld
thrived even in death, and as a
mortician Patru Zandtos found the
neatness, sterility and order of Ossia
very much to his liking .

Then came Sigmar. In settling Ossia,
the God-King seeded the lands with
filthy,
indolent barbarians that would
ki l l their enemies amongst great
nuisance, noise and mess,
leaving the
corpses to be pecked apart by carrion
birds. Zandtos looked upon a new
atrocity each day, and was enraged
to the point of violence. At first he
waged his genocidal war alone, but
as time passed more and more like-
minded spectres joined his cause.
When the great general Katakros
rose to prominence in Ossia and
Necros, Zandtos approached him
with a proposal. Over the course of a
long symposium they made common
cause. With the might of the Ossian

Echelon beside him, Zandtos could
further his goal of eradicating the
living from Shyish ten times faster,
and end the threat their untidy,
unsanitar y and ill-disciplined
savagery posed to the underworlds.

What began as a desire for order
and peace turned into something
far bleaker when Katakros bestowed
upon Zandtos the Dark Lance,
a lethal blade and rod of office
alike. That arcane weapon focuses
the intent of whoever wields it,
reinforcing their conviction with
each life it takes so its wielder can
remain free from human foibles
such as angst or doubt. In Zandtos’
hands,
it has intensified his wish for
death to rule over all, at the cost of
his desire to put all things in their
right place. Since the coming of the
necroquake, the Arch-Kavalos has
forsaken the mortician’s drive to
ensure the dignity and repose of the
dead. Instead he focuses only on the
ending of all living things, on the
bringing of blessed stillness after
the thunder and wrath of battle, and
leaves behind him the same disorder
he once despised. It is quite possible
he wi l l slaughter his way across
all of Shyish, bringing the Realm
of Death one great leap closer to
Nagash’s necrotopia.

‘Shyish, called the Realm of Death. What role do the living have here? Are they not

usurpers in these places, afterlives that only the dead may claim through their ultimate

sacrifice? This is no place for the sweating, grunting haste of mortal creatures. Peace

must be returned to these lands,

the peace of death eternal; and if

it must be won

through the act of war, so be it. It is our duty to slay,

to be the personification of

death, and that is enough,

for it is a fine thing. Let us rejoice,

for Lord Nagash

has given us an eternity in which to make our vision of purity a reality.’

- Arch-Kavalos Zandtos, Dark Lance of Ossia


PAGEBREAK
Vokmortian, Master of the Bone-tithe

VOKMORTIAN, MASTER OF THE BONE-TITHE

Vokmortian is both envoy and overseer, statesman and conqueror. It is his duty to orchestrate the bone-tithe, the
gathering of raw materials from which new Ossiarch armies are fashioned. Many a nation’s first contact with the
Bonereapers is a parley with this hideous revenant, a day they w i l l curse across the generations for evermore.

Across the vast distances of
the Mortal Realms they travel,
the emissaries of Nagashizzar.
To deny their demands invites
annihilation. First amongst their
number is Vokmortian, Master of
the Bone-tithe. This immortal being
has been given licence to utterly
destroy any who defy Nagash,
laying them low with necromantic
powers granted unto him by his
master. By Vokmortian’s wi l l have
sprawling empires been crushed
to dust and entire civilisations
harvested overnight.

When Vokmortian arrives before
the gates of a mortal city to demand
tribute, he does so alongside an
elite retinue of Bonereapers. The
Master of the Bone-tithe unfurls
the Decree of Nagash and reads
it aloud in his terrible, rattling
voice. If bones of sufficient quality
and quantity are proffered, then
the supplicants may be allowed to
live on for another season. If the
inhabitants are belligerent enough
to open hostilities, then the bounty
is simply taken from their ruined
corpses in the aftermath of battle.
In the presence of this terrifying
effigy of death, few mortals are brave
enough to make a stand. The severed
heads of those who have made this
grave error hang from Vokmortian’s
staff, still wailing and bemoaning
their foolishness.

As the foremost emissary of Nagash,
Vokmortian channels a portion of
the Great Necromancer’s
formidable
might. What Vokmortian sees,
so too does Nagash, and through
his servant the Lord of Shyish
can manifest his vengeance. This
connection is so potent that when
the Master of the Bone-tithe is
denied, Nagash’s
lifeless, icy gaze
blazes through the spectral visage
contained within Vokmortian’s
chest, striking those who have
displeased him with heart-stopping
terror. Should further incentive be
required, Vokmortian can unleash

the terrible power of the Shyish
Nadir, and can smite his foes with
life-stealing magic.

As well as his other duties,
Vokmortian acts as a conduit for the
wi l l of the Great Necromancer in
all things. Nagash is the undisputed
master of undeath, but although his
power is that of a god he is not yet
omnipotent. The forces of Death
are disparate and varied in nature,
and many have their own agendas.
Wights, vampires and masters of
necromancy all march beneath
the banners of Nagashizzar when
summoned, but scattered as they

are,
it is not always an easy task for
Nagash to leverage his domineering
will. Given free rein to pursue their
own tyrannica l ambitions, his
lieutenants have proven wi lfu l at
times. As the bearer of the Decree of
Nagash, Vokmortian can command
the obedience of even the mightiest
undead lord simply by raising
aloft his rune-marked scroll and
issuing an imperative that they are
suddenly compelled to obey. It is
this that makes him one of the most
dangerous entities in all Shyish, such
that even the Mortarchs themselves
watch their dust-dry tongues in
his presence.


PAGEBREAK
Lords of Bone and Conquest

LORDS OF BONE AND CONQUEST

The lords of the Ossiarch Bonereapers are each terrifying revenants in their own right, but together they become
a force unstoppable. Between them they form an interlocking command structure that can see the populations of
entire continents enslaved or recycled as raw materials without a shred of regret.

LIEGE-KAVALOI

Thundering into the enemy ranks
atop a massively built Kavalos
steed, the Liege-Kavalos is a warrior
monarch whose blade strikes down
the living every new day. Each
composite soul used in the creation
of these Ossiarch heroes inspired
loyalty and devotion in masses of
followers in life. In death, the lieges’
command over their subordinates is
total and absolute.

In the Ossiarch Empire and beyond,
each Liege-Kavalos has a simple duty
– to ride down and ki l l those who
would escape the Ossiarchs’
fateful
tithe. Should this entail the crushing
of a township, a single day of
carnage might be all that is required
before the errant citizenry are
considered appropriately punished
for their disobedience. Should it
instead involve the suppression or
slaughter of an entire nation, the
Liege-Kavalos’ true qualities come
to the fore. Each liege knows the
capabilities of Kavalos Deathriders
above those of any other martial
asset, and wi l l use them in an
overlapping series of attacks that
takes apart the wayward nation’s
militar y piece by piece.

It is said in the Prime Innerlands that
if a Liege-Kavalos were commanded
to destroy an entire race, they could
achieve it, charge by devastating
charge – so long as members of the
Mortisan priesthood were there to
shore up the numbers of their armies
at each day’s end. It might take a
decade or more to achieve such a
feat, but this is of little import to
the Liege-Kavaloi. They exist only
to be weapons in the hands of their
superiors, and they are expertly
crafted ones at that. They wi l l work
towards their goal ceaselessly, neither
deviating from their assigned task
nor looking back for even a moment.
Each spear thrust or sword blow they
deliver is no more remarkable to
them than the act of drawing breath
is to a living soul.

MORTISAN
BONESHAPERS

Created from the remains of the
finest artisans in all Shyish, each
Mortisan Boneshaper considers
themselves a craftsman even
beyond the veil of death. Many hail
from Anadiria, the underworld
of creative souls whose paradise
is to practise art for its own sake
for the rest of eternity. Nagash has
given these once-peaceful souls
that opportunity, but perhaps not
in the way they might have chosen.
Instead of making sculpted wonders
and complex bas-reliefs, instead of
celebrating beauty and skill, their
talents are bent towards the business
of warfare.

Each of these masters in the art
of ossification can create a new
Bonereaper construct in minutes.
They do so by stripping the bone
of the tithed in great peeling loops,
drawing it forth with a series of
elaborate gestures. They then
reconstitute this basic resource,
via the magic of their craft,
into
the strong yet flexible bone-stuff
of the Ossiarchs. It is they who
repair any damage sustained by
Bonereaper creations; sometimes
a single femur’s worth of bone is
all it takes to reknit a shattered
ribcage or reattach a severed arm.
They keep close company with the
Gothizzar Harvesters that retrieve
bone material after each battle, and
have a steady supply of construction
materials at their beck and call.

When not on the front lines, it is the
duty of the Boneshapers to create
the vast edifices and fortresses that
the Ossiarchs raise to the glory
of Nagash. In this they can revel
in something approaching true
creativity, attempting to outdo
one another in the splendour of
their work. In truth, these too are
distortions of the sculptor’s art into
something warlike, horrific and
morbid,
intended only to venerate an
unending regime of death.

MORTISAN SOULREAPERS

Where the Boneshaper creates, the
Soulreaper destroys. It is the sacred
task of this sinister order to cut
the spirits from the living, for the
Ossiarchs are not given strength by
physical remains alone. Just as their
fellow Mortisans harness the bones
of the dead, the Soulreapers must
harvest their departing animus.

Though they themselves are
fashioned from the souls of beings
learned in necromantic magic, the
Soulreapers are often considered
the least of the Mortisans, for they
cannot create. At one time they
were looked down upon by the
Soulmasons and Boneshapers of
their tripartite organisation. It is said
the first of their kind, the life-witch
Tomar Venta Kheph, screamed
so loud upon her reincarnation as
a Soulreaper that the shadeglass
windows of Nagash’s
sanctum
cracked like fractured skulls, and
that he has never forgotten the slight.
Yet
their potency in times of war has
earned them a fell reputation.

The Soulreapers’ magic, focused
upon destruction rather than
renewal, can tear the spirits from a
distant enemy in a howling vortex
of Shyishan magic. This is then
captured within a hollow soul-
trap for later processing. To steal a
powerful spirit is a risky act indeed.
Long ago, the Soulreaper Tua’ghreph
was possessed by the soul of a


PAGEBREAK
powerful aelven mage he intended
to harvest, and babbled a stream of
devastating spells that caused havoc
amongst his own ranks. Since that
magical calamity, many Soulreapers
have been fashioned without mouths.

lieges are the minds of the greater
organism,
it is the Soulmasons that
are its spiritual heart – a dark and
shrivelled organ indeed, but one that
beats strong even beyond the veil
of death.

At close quarters Soulreapers are
all the more lethal, their scythes
wrenching the animus from their
enemies as their bisected corpse
falls to the ground. All this the
Soulreaper does without a sound, yet
the shriek of the enemy’s soul as it is
ripped from its body speaks for them
well enough.

MORTISAN SOULMASONS

The Mortisan Soulmasons are a vital
aspect of the Ossiarch war machine.
It is they who evaluate and apportion
the spirits of the dead, taking them
from the arcane vials filled by their
Soulreaper brethren then filtering
and combining them into the
gem-like phylacteries of their fellow
constructs. Through the strange
soul alchemy of the Soulmasons are
new Ossiarchs fashioned and lost
souls restored. If Katakros and his

As the highest-ranking Mortisans,
the Soulmasons have authority as to
which spirits are used to replenish
the Ossiarch ranks. They are also the
final arbiters of how these souls are
best re-purposed, whether as tithe
to Nagashizzar’s greater cause or
as immediate assets on the field of
battle. It is their duty to sort weak
souls from those with the strength
to persist. They wi l l often take the
best parts of a spirit for their work
– just as a butcher might pare away
the finest cuts of a carcass – before
rendering the rest into more general
nourishment for the undead ranks
around them.

In the deathly trance of their strange
craft the Soulmasons may appear to
move slowly and deliberately, as if in
a mystical daze. Concentration is of
vital importance when shaping the
stuff of souls, lest the spirit matter

escapes as screaming, tortured
gheists destined to haunt the lands
around. Yet
to a Soulmason, an
entity created specifically to imbue
lifeless objects with animating
spirits,
it is a simple enough matter
to conjure attendant souls to aid
them. Out of a sense of tradition
to the first of their order, most
Soulmasons go to war upon one of
the elaborate bipedal thrones that
once ringed the Grand Audience
Hall of Gothizzar. These pillar-
legged conveyances are given
motion by the cast-off energies of
those spirits the Soulmasons found
lacking in substance. Bound to the
wi l l of their rider, they kick out with
iron-hard claws at any who would
disturb the Soulmason’s work. Each
blow is powerful enough to cave in a
fortress gate, yet delivered with such
precision that the throne’s platform
remains completely level and still.
In this way the Soulmason can
concentrate on his strange alchemy
of the soul even as his conveyance
tramples and kicks to death his
enemies, only for their departing
spirits to sustain the next cycle of the
Mortisan order’s ar t.


PAGEBREAK
Mortek Guard

MORTEK GUARD

The core of the Ossiarch Empire’s armies, the Mortek Guard are superior yet numerous battle-constructs that
wage war with unnatural ski l l. They fight with the vigour of the living, yet without the doubt, fear and confusion
that can plague a normal army when the fog of war descends and the din of battle rages all around.

Each Mortek Guard is a walking
mass grave, a soldier made from
the dense bone that is the Ossiarch
tithe. They are given animus by
the fractured remnants of dozens
of warrior souls, a melange of
warlike personalities that fight as
an exceptionally efficient whole. In
battle they can fight as individuals
acting on their own instincts or act
with unerring synchrony should
their Hekatos leader demand it,
blades striking out with lethal
precision to open throats and pierce
hearts. At a stern order from their
commander,
the Mortek line turns
and reforms in an instant, facing the
enemy with a wall of razor-edged
nadirite weapons.

The Mortek Guard were constructed
to fight Nagash’s wars without
question or hesitation, but its
warriors are not unthinking
automatons. They are capable of
independent thought, albeit limited

to the scope of conflict, and are
granted enough autonomy to ensure
that they can fight on ski lfu l ly
should their Hekatos leaders and
even generals be cut down. This
self-control
is, of course, carefully
tempered during the soul-crafting
process to ensure total obedience
and devotion to Nagash. A Mortek
Guard could no more rebel against
its rulers than it could spontaneously
revert into the disparate flesh-and-
blood entities used to create it.

Mortek warriors famously never
break rank, even as they stride to
war through sucking quagmires
or march across a carpet of slain
foes. Each warrior wields a nadirite
blade or spear in a death grip that is
impossible to break, their weapons
imbued with deadly Shyishan magic
from Nagashizzar. Even a minor
wound from such a weapon can
cause a painful and near-instant
death as the victim’s
soul is devoured

by the voracious necrotic energies of
the Shyish Nadir.

The primary duty of the Mortek
Guard is to defend their masters,
for should the Mortisans and the
lieges that command them fall, the
Ossiarch war machine wi l l be slowed
and robbed of reinforcements. Upon
command the Mortek Guard can
form nigh-impenetrable bulwarks,
locking their heavy shields and even
using their bodies as obstacles if
necessary. Often they wi l l assemble
in shieldwalls around the Mortisans,
so that their superiors can operate
unhindered behind barriers made
from the very troops who serve
them. To draw close to these ad-hoc
defences is to see witch-lights flare
bright in eye sockets, and weapons
lancing forward to impale those who
would harm their lords. For though
the Mortek Guard are a shield,
they are also a blade – one that can
reshape the Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
Morghasts

MORGHASTS

The Morghasts are amongst Nagash’s greatest works – grimly majestic with their tattered wings and finely crafted
armour, they wield spectral weapons that rend soul and flesh alike. They add a fearsome strength to Katakros’
militar y campaigns and ensure the relentless march of his grand legions continues unabated.

The terrible necromantic rituals
that gave rise to the Morghasts bear
many similarities to the processes
of soul-crafting and osseomancy.
These dread creations are intended
to further Nagash’s
rule through
intimidation. They are made as
twisted reflections of the angelic
creatures that wing through the
higher reaches of the Hyshian vaults,
though where those holy eidolons
epitomise light, energy and purity,
the Morghasts embody morbid
malice and inhuman ferocity.
All but impervious to mortal
weaponry, their bone-matter is so
dense their skeletal forms can blunt
even truesteel axes. Within their
cavernous ribcages are the skulls
of slain wizards and seers, each a
repository of arcane power that
allows the Morghasts to draw on a
near-inexhaustible supply of energy.
They have been seen in greater
numbers ever since the formation
of the Shyish Nadir, which has
led many of Sigmar’s generals to
suspect that Nagash has granted the
secrets of their construction to the
Ossiarch Bonereapers. This is a grim
prospect, for even in small numbers,
Morghasts can wreak terrible
slaughter upon their foes.

MORGHAST ARCHAI

The Morghast Archai are bodyguards
and custodians that protect Nagash’s
champions in battle. They wi l l
defend their charge with single-
minded ferocity, closing ranks and
ignoring the rain of blows that
deflects harmlessly from their ebon-
wrought armour,
then lashing out to
lop heads with their spectral blades
in reply. They are silent guardians,
save for those instances where they
speak in a deathly hiss with the voice
of Nagashizzar. For those undead
warlords that grow accustomed
to their presence, they are easy to
underestimate as mere servitors;
standing still as statues, they silently
observe, learning and remembering
every syllable spoken by those nearby
and committing to memory the

words of any whose agenda crosses
that of Nagash himself. At a single
mental impulse from the Great
Necromancer,
they wi l l turn against
their assigned ward at a critical
moment, utterly destroying those
who attempt to subvert or deny the
Great Necromancer’s wi l l.

MORGHAST HARBINGERS

Where the duty of the Morghast
Archai
is to protect, the role of
the Harbinger is to destroy. These
looming creatures range ahead of the
Ossiarch armies,
lancing a cold claw
of fear into the heart of every mortal
that witnesses them. Daunting of

stature and aspect, their appearance
conveys one message above all others
– here, Nagash rules. All who defy
him wi l l be slain and remade as part
of his unliving empire. Wielding
either a spirit halberd or a spirit
sword in each hand, these winged
horrors swoop down onto the enemy
before spinning and leaping in a
whirlwind of slashing blades, a dire
shock to those that considered them
to be slow-moving and deliberate.
As heralds of Almighty Nagash, they
count terror amongst their weapons,
taking a grim and silent delight in
the screams of those living creatures
they were created to destroy.


PAGEBREAK
Kavalos Deathriders

KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS

The foremost cavalr y of Nagash’s new order, the Kavaloi are famed across Shyish for their tireless assaults and
expert riding skills on the field of battle. A regiment of such riders can cave a flank of an enemy army, driving the
wedge of their attack deep into the heart of the foe before withdrawing to charge again.

Far ahead, the heat haze on the
horizon shimmers and resolves into
what appears to be cavalry, riding
hard. Banners snap in the desert-
dr y winds. Wan sunlight glints on
ornate helms and heavy shields.
The sound of nadirite-shod hooves
haunts the cusp of hearing, a rolling
thunder that is soon to break. Only
as they grow steadily closer does
the true import of the situation
become clear – these are no normal
riders, but undead horrors of twisted
bone. These are the shock cavalr y of
Nagashizzar, sent to run down the
foes of the Ossiarch Empire, their
duty to destroy, hack and trample
until there is nothing left of the
enemy but dismembered corpses.

It is rare for the Kavalos Deathriders
to be sighted in times of peace;
typically,
if a mortal sets eyes upon
them his death warrant has already
been signed. They are a favoured
asset when punishing those who
would rebel against the Ossiarchs’
claims of supremacy, especially if the

transgressors choose to flee rather
than to fight. Though their prey may
have a dramatic head start given
the slow but sure cycle of Ossiarch
tithe-collection, they cannot run
forever – not when pursued by the
focused and indefatigable riders
of the Kavaloi. After all, the living
must eat, drink, regroup and sleep,
whereas there is no such hindrance
for the Deathriders. They wi l l find
their prey eventually,
that much
is as certain as death itself. Across
the Shyish Innerlands, to say that
one ‘runs from the Deathrider’ is to
admit to pursuing a task doomed to
inevitable failure.

Using specially crafted carrion birds
lent a portion of their Mortisan
creators’ witchsight, the Kavaloi
track their foe’s
soul-spoor at a
steady canter, crossing open plains
and steaming deltas with equal
ease. Silently they ride through the
darkness, night after night; they
pass day after day under the baking
sun without complaint or pause.

They break into a fu l l gallop only
when their intended victims are
in sight,
lowering the tips of their
nadirite weapons in readiness for the
slaughter to come.

The creatures that carr y the
Deathriders across the Mortal
Realms are far more than mere
beasts of burden; they are weapons
of war in their own right. Just
as an Ossiarch Bonereaper is a
composite creation formed of many
souls and skeletons melded into a
horrendous new form, the Kavalos
steed is a bone-wrought monster
possessed by several blended spirits.
These are animalistic in the main.
The souls of faithful stallions,
untiring carthorses, foul-tempered
rhinoxen, and Ossian creatures
such as bleak lake crocodiles and
the ferocious flightless birds known
as dyatri are all merged to give
the Kavalos steed the right mix
of savagery and determination.
But not all of the spirits that
animate these creatures are those

THE SKULLS WITHIN

The Kavalos Deathriders take great care over their
beasts, especially after their prey have been slain and
their duty hence discharged for a time. Riding them
to the nearest Ossiarch stronghold, they wi l l stable
them behind stout walls, fastidiously cleaning the
gore and dust from every hollow and fissure of their
strange skeletal forms. Even the softly glowing skulls
within – remnants of those who fought well against
the Deathriders that are held as trophies within their
steeds – wi l l be cleansed, their sockets excavated of
dirt and their craniums polished to a high sheen.
Once the work is finished the Kavalos steed wi l l gleam
as fresh as when it was first bone-wrought, yet even
in Arch-Kavalos Zandtos’ cohorts such fastidious
cleanliness is put aside when the chase is at hand. A
formation of Kavaloi that has been riding for months
may be covered in thin strings of rotting flesh and
clotted blood that reeks so badly it can make a man’s
throat fill with bile as his eyes water and swim.

There is method in the Deathriders’ tendency to
restore their mounts to their former glory after
each conquest. First is the matter of pride; as the

elite of Nagash’s new order,
they should be seen as
representative of his vision for a better, more ordered
universe. Second is that of practicality – those same
skulls that grind within the Kavalos steed’s skeletal
body are reservoirs of deathly energy that can be
drawn upon at need to lend a burst of strength or
speed. When the unit’s Necrophoros raises the banner
high and the Hekatos calls out in his harsh, desert-dry
voice, a unit of Kavalos Deathriders wi l l glow from
within, the deathly power of Shyishan magic driving
them forward to leave trails of burning ectoplasm in
their wake.

A variant of the very same technique, known as
skull-sowing to the Mortisan order,
is used on larger
constructs of the Ossiarch Empire. Amongst them are
the Necropolis Stalkers, Gothizzar Harvesters and
even the Morghasts created by the Great Necromancer
himself. The Dread Abyssals ridden by Nagash’s
Mortarchs also harbour such trophy skulls, each with
its own sorry tale of tragedy that leads from the nature
of its owner’s death to the purgatory of being remade
as part of an undead beast.


PAGEBREAK
of beasts. Ossiarch leaders who
cross Nagash, whether by intent
or failure, may have their souls
rendered down to become part of a
Kavalos steed. Though outnumbered
and beaten down by the savage
belligerence of the animal spirits
within the creature, they retain
just enough sentience to realise
their predicament, and are driven
mad with hatred at having been
remade as riding beasts rather than
true warriors.

Kavalos steeds can perform physical
feats that would wound or even
ki l l a living creature. They are able
to change direction with the same
uncanny synchrony as a darting
school of fish, the regiment’s Hekatos
leading manoeuvres that would send
a troop of galloping horses tumbling
to the ground in wild disarray.
Because of this quality of the Kavalos
steed the Deathriders charge in hard,

safe in the knowledge that they can
swiftly withdraw and redress their
ranks before charging in again. So
robust is the steed’s construction
that an enemy who hacks at the legs
of one of these beasts in the hope of
unseating its rider wi l l do little more
than numb his own sword arm with
the impact. Under the exoskeleton
of the steed lie even more layers of
hardened bone, making it vir tua l ly
immune to pain.

Evading a Kavalos steed’s fang-
lined jaws is no true escape, for the
prehensile tails that extend from
its enlarged spine end in jagged
tips. Like the stingers of scorpions,
these barbs can dart forward to stab
those who get around the beast’s
flanks. Even its metal-shod hooves
are powerful weapons,
lashing out
to crack skulls, cave in ribcages and
shiver shields as the Deathrider
presses on into the enemy ranks.

A Deathrider wedge at fu l l charge is
a weapon of war like no other, not
least because of the sheer density
of the Ossiarch riders and steeds.
Those brave enough to stand and
face such a formation may target it
with volleys of missiles in an attempt
to slow the riders’ pace, but most
projectiles simply rebound from
morbid armour or thunk into fused
bone. Even munitions and arcane
bolts do not cause the Deathriders
to flinch, for they have left primitive
concerns such as fear and doubt long
behind. When the charge hits home,
if often does so in two waves. The
first impacts with incredible force,
each steed sending its prey flying as
the rider impales their chosen target
on the tip of a spear. The second
wave follows up hard, hacking down
with their nadirite blades those who
somehow survived the initial assault.
To face such an onslaught is to know
the wrath of Nagash given form.


PAGEBREAK
War Giants of Ossia

WAR GIANTS OF OSSIA

The prime assault assets of the Ossiarch armies are towering, four-armed terrors twice the size of the Mortek
infantr y they support. These are creations of powerful soul magic as well as great physical might, their composite
spirits assembled with painstaking artifice for optimum lethality.

Without
the constraints of human
anatomy to bind them, the Mortisan
priesthood has free rein to make
whatever hideous creatures they
consider most efficacious in the
art of war. So it was the supremely
aggressive Necropolis Stalker and its
defensive incarnation, the Immortis
Guard, were conjured into being.
Originally created at the dawn of
the Ossiarch Empire by the first
Mortisans, they have been employed
as the hard-hitting elite of the
Bonereaper empire ever since.

NECROPOLIS STALKERS

Truly disturbing beings that
represent the apex of the soul-
crafting art, Necropolis Stalkers are
nightmarish, four-faced duellists.
They are utilised as shock troops
by the commanders of the Ossiarch

Bonereapers. Armed with a variety
of blades that they wield in four
dextrous arms, they are an exception
to the implacable style of warfare
practised by the majority of Ossiarch
forces. Instead, they move with
unnerving raptor-like speed, loosing
bone-chilling screeches as they leap
into battle.

size to bastard swords and hit with
as much force. Some amongst them,
in particular those that harbour the
spirits of warriors who favoured
heavy blades, use dread falchions
instead, weapons empowered by so
much spiritual force that they can
cut through stone with a shriek of
displaced energy.

The weapons of the Necropolis
Stalkers are many. These creatures
fight with an eight-foot-long spirit
blade held in each upper arm,
perfectly suited to bisecting a
human-sized foe in a single blow.
Their lower arms hold nadirite
daggers, wielded with the skill a
duellist might use a main-gauche
in their off-hand – though in
comparison to the weapons of mortal
men, these blades are more akin in

Each face of a Stalker’s quadrangular
war-mask is imbued with the
essence of a legendary warrior. These
combine to form a fourfold gestalt,
each aspect of which can assume
control of the Stalker’s body at a
moment’s notice. These aspects are
created from the souls of weapon-
masters, those who possessed a
specialism that has been greatly
enhanced in death. Thus, by the
simple act of rotating its head a


PAGEBREAK
Necropolis Stalker can switch from
a parr ying stance to a frenzy of
whirling blades in the blink of an
eye. Amongst the Mortisan order
this is called the Quadrarch Mask,
and is the hallmark of the Necropolis
Stalker’s enduring success over
the aeons.

The blade-strike aspect of the
Stalker is drawn from the souls of
aggressive yet highly controlled
swordsmen, and is optimised
towards offense, a quartet of blades
weaving a net of razored metal that
is all but impossible to evade. It is
of great use against multiple lesser
opponents that can be hacked down
in short order. The style’s defensive
equivalent is the blade-parry aspect,
harnessing the reaction speed,
economy of motion and riposte
technique of a master fencer. When
facing more martially skilled
foes, such a bulwark of warding
blades can be the keystone of an
immovable defence.

Stalkers facing well-armoured foes,
such as Stormcast Eternals, often
switch to their precision aspect.
Watching every movement of their
enemies with intense focus, they
test and feint left and right, probing
the defences of their opponents
and leading their target’s
sword
arm astray before lancing a ki l ling
blade right into the heart. But it is
the destroyer aspect that is perhaps
the most terrifying to witness.
Harnessing a martial style drawn
from the most furious attackers,
it sees the Necropolis Stalkers
hack repeatedly right through the
defences of the foe with raw strength
and savagery, sparks of hatred
and death-lust flickering from the
creatures’ eyes as they do so.

When not employed at the forefront
of battle, Necropolis Stalkers
maintain a ceaseless vigil over the
Ossiarch Necropolises, prowling
the streets in swift-moving hunting
packs. Woe betide any being foolish
enough to attempt to breach the
walls of such a city by stealth, for
nothing escapes the notice of the
many-eyed Stalkers. Intruders are
summarily dismembered, their
bones removed to craft yet more
undead warriors.

THE ART OF THE BONE-WRIGHT

The osseous matter from which Bonereapers are created is drawn
from many sources, but it must be of a certain quality to survive
the aeons. The skeletal remains of powerful or unusual fauna can be
useful to the Mortisan order ; the hollow bones of birds are excellent
for the formation of lightweight yet strong structures, whereas the
dense bones of behemoths can be of great use in the construction
of large constructs. The remnants of cartilaginous fish and pelagic
mammals, harvested by great rib-like structures that extend from the
Ossiarch naval strongholds, can also be of use to the Boneshapers.
These prove especially useful when flexible parts are needed, such as
in the construction of artillery. Yet
the vast majority of the Ossiarchs’
materials comes from human remains. Human bone is far more
plentiful than the stout duardin equivalent, far quicker to self-replenish
over the generations than that of the aelves, and less coarse and porous
than orruk bone, which can become spontaneously compromised by
fungal growth if not prepared correctly. The souls of human donors are
likewise preferred by the Mortisan priesthood, for they can be malleable
and easily divided, yet they are complex enough to yield a variety
of materials and spiritual qualities for the construction of specialist
warriors. Perhaps it is fitting that the curse of the Ossiarch Bonereapers
should fall primarily on the race that created them. If Nagash secures
the supremacy he desires, it is all too likely the Bonereaper legions wi l l
prove the final destination of mankind’s
journey through the ages.

IMMORTIS GUARD

Darkly magnificent in their fu l l
raiment of war, the Immortis Guard
are the elite constructs that defend
the Ossiarch leadership structure.
It is their duty to ensure no mortal
vermin sully their masters with the
business of violence, nor interfere
with the sacred and complex tasks
of the Mortisans whilst they are
at work. With their tall helms and
broad shields defending a bulky
exoskeleton of layered bone, the
Immortis Guard are grim sentinels
that feel nothing in the way of pain
or doubt. In battle they interpose
themselves between their masters
and the most determined of enemy
assaults, forming shieldwalls and
bracing themselves to take the force
of charges that would bowl aside
or break any conventional defence.
With their dread halberds braced
underfoot, they impale those who
would assault their position, hurling
aside these first ki l ls to sweep their
hooked polearms through the ranks
of those behind.

The first of these undead goliaths
were imbued with the animus of
Katakros’ original Scions Praetoris,
expert defensive fighters who used
tower shields to defend their master
on the field of battle. Picked from

amongst the tallest and strongest of
Katakros’ vassal troops, they were
famous for using their shields not
only for defence, but also as weapons
with which to bludgeon and barge
away their enemies. It is a testament
to the strength of the Scions
Praetoris that they could achieve
this with but one arm, using a blade
held in the other hand to impale
the reeling foe after a shield-strike
in one fluid motion. That strength
has been magnified several times
over in death, and with not two but
four arms to grip their signature
weapons, they are all but impossible
to disarm.

Should the Immortis Guard launch
a counter-attack,
they do so with
a combination of crushing blows
from their massive battle-shields
and follow-up strikes from their
polearms whilst their opponents
are still off balance. When an entire
unit of these constructs attack in
concert they shield-bash, stab, then
stride forward and bludgeon once
more, delivering a synchronised
coup de grâce with their halberds
that has seen even rampaging mobs
of Ironjaw orruks and charging
Gutbuster ogors hurled backwards
and unceremoniously despatched in
a matter of moments.


PAGEBREAK
Mortek Crawlers

MORTEK CRAWLERS

The arcane catapult known as the Mortek Crawler delivers death from afar with terrifying accuracy. Crewed by
four Ossiarchs created from master artillerists, it can fire hails of necrotic skulls that bite and gnaw, send soul-
tearing spirits into the foe, or hurl weighty blocks graven with curses that can k i l l the mighty in an instant.

The Mortek Crawler is a creation
of demented genius. Devised by
Katakros himself, it is an extremely
efficient design, for it is as much
a creature as it is a machine – the
original diagrams still have pride
of place on the scroll-covered
walls of the Mortarch’s Chamber
of Contemplation to this day. Far
more than a simple catapult, the
Mortek Crawler is a self-powered
ar ti l ler y device that has its own
aggressive animus;
it can reload and
fire its arcane payload in a matter
of seconds. It is borne to war upon
dozens of skeletal
legs, rippling
like those of a centipede as it slowly

carries its bulk to war amongst
the Ossiarch legions. Unlike
conventional ar ti l ler y it can fire on
the move without a lack of accuracy,
making it the perfect tool to support
a cohort on the long march of
eternal conquest.

The winch-like apparatus at the
crawler’s side is powered by a
turnwheel of bone, within which
is one of the Mornial caste – those
Ossiarchs who lack a warrior’s skill,
yet who have stamina enough to
work for eternity at the same task
without pause. The war viziers that
lean out from its vertical stanchions

act as spotters. These operatives are
well versed in identifying the weak
spots of armies and the command
structures that form tempting
targets within their ranks. It is they
who decide which of the Crawler’s
esoteric ammunition types the
crew at the machine’s
rear wi l l
load
into the claw at any one time, and
they who give the command for the
torsion to be released, sending the
missiles hurtling through the air to
smash into the enemy.

The Mortek Crawler has three
principal types of ammunition, each
optimised to bring a different kind
of destruction to the foe. The hollow
artefact known as a cauldron of
torment contains those spirits too
tortured by war and death to lend
animus to a Bonereaper construct.
Driven far beyond the edge of sanity,
they scream with soul-chilling
anguish as the cauldron slams
into the greater mass of the enemy,
driving the survivors mad with fear.

The artefact known as a cursed
stele is inscribed with a death hex
that grows more potent whenever
the Mortek Crawler is attacked.
Not only does this graven block
land with bone-crushing force,
it
also discharges this lethal curse on
impact. Should it be well enough
steeped in the energies of vengeance,
anything struck by the stele erupts
in baleful flames and is reduced to
charred bone-dust in moments.

The third ammunition type takes
the form of a cluster of necrotic
skulls. Left to absorb the unholy
energies of the Shyish Nadir in the
laboratories of Nagashizzar, each is
so redolent with morbid magic it is
surrounded by an aura of blackest
aether-smoke. Those struck by
such missiles are subject to the fu l l
measure of those lethal energies,
collapsing to the ground with a
rictus of fear and agony twisting
their features as their vital force
suffers immeasurable damage.


PAGEBREAK
Gothizzar Harvesters

GOTHIZZAR HARVESTERS

A macabre monstrosity from the darkest of nightmares, the Gothizzar Harvester’s existence makes sense only to
the Ossiarchs that created it. The creature is a murderous juggernaut of bone and metal that can smash through a
shieldwall without breaking stride, but also a collector of the dead, its role to provide as well as to destroy.

Massive,
lumbering and surrounded
by the terrible miasma of death, the
Gothizzar Harvester is a many-
limbed beast devised to tear through
infantr y formations and then
collect their remains for later use.
It is often used as a line-breaker by
the commanders of the Ossiarch
military, who see it in terms of
might more than resource. Yet
the Harvester is so redolent with
deathly energy, so loaded with raw
materials for the creation of new
Ossiarchs, that it forms a nexus of
the Mortisan’s
art. As such, these
creatures are in great demand within
the Ossiarch cohorts; where they
walk, victory usually follows.

To witness a Gothizzar Harvester on
the field of battle is to see the sickly
efficiency of the Ossiarchs writ large.
Even as these creatures cut apart
and crush the foe with their primary
limbs and powerful maws, they
gather up the remains of their ki l ls
with the subsidiary arms that line
their chests and flanks. These pass
the remains one hand to another,
stripping away flesh and assessing
the worth of each remnant before
depositing the choicest picks in vast
ribbed baskets atop their backs.
These blood-slicked bones attract
carrion birds that the rearmost
arms wi l l often swat away – or else
capture, tear apart and add to the
grisly heap if its bones are judged
sound enough for re-use.

The mass graves upon the backs
of the Gothizzar Harvesters are
intended to be used once the battle
is over, carried back to Ossiarch
construction nodes or Mortisan
strongpoints so their contents can
be refashioned as new constructs.
However,
in times of need, the
Harvesters’ Mortisan masters may
make use of the fresh bone all the
sooner, drawing forth the bone from
each rib-like feeder heap in mid-
battle, sometimes whilst it is still
warm and slick with fluids, to create
or reinforce their legions.

Though Gothizzar Harvesters fulfil
the double role of destroyer and
creator that typifies the dichotomy
of the Ossiarch race, to the enemy
they are war constructs through and
through. At its fore is a death’s head
maw that can vomit out the spiritual
by-product of the corpses it gathers
in a greenish fireball of tortured
spirit-energy. Trailing behind the
creature is an elongated prehensile
spine intended to gather the remains
of the slain, but which can also swat
a nearby assailant so hard it smashes
their bones to flinders. To be struck
by such discharge is to feel one’s
soul
burned away by the ghastly flames
of Nagashizzar. But it is those who
dare a frontal assault that face the
construct’s
fu l l strength.

Some Harvesters are built with
rune-cut sickles at the ends of their
primary limbs, the better to slash
through the foe and cut their spirits
from their bodies. Kept eternally
sharp by Shyishan magic, these
weapons can hew the legs from a
gargant with no more effort than a
woodsman cutting lumber. The arms
of other Harvesters end in massive
spiked bludgeons, each filled with a
reservoir of magical Chamonite to
ensure that even incorporeal foes are
torn apart by a blow. A strike from
such a weapon can blast the soul
from a mortal’s body,
leaving the
displaced spiritual energy as ready
fodder for nearby Mortisans, while
the corpse itself is torn apart and
stored atop the beast’s broad back.


PAGEBREAK
The Mortis Praetorians march forth from their glorious necropolis,
led not only by Katakros, but
by Nagash himself. They are the doom of the living, and their war will never stop.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
IMMORTAL HATRED

IMMORTAL HATRED

The Ossiarch legions are dark ly magnificent when arrayed for war, a baroque militar y force resplendent in their
serried ranks and supernatural unity. Here we present a showcase of Ossiarch Bonereapers Citadel Miniatures
expertly painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Outside the gates of Nerozzar, Arch-Kavalos Zandtos commands his undying legions forward across a field of monstrous
bones. Rich indeed will be the harvest of the living he takes this day…


PAGEBREAK
Katakros, Mortarch of the Necropolis

Liege-Immortis

Aviarch Spymaster

Gnosis Scrollbearer

Prime Necrophoros


PAGEBREAK
Mortisan Boneshaper

Vokmortian,
Master of the Bone-tithe

Mortisan Soulreaper

Arch-Kavalos Zandtos

Mortisan Soulmason


PAGEBREAK
The Petrifex Elite emerge from the gloom, a Mortisan Soulreaper at the fore. The blades of their Chaos-worshipping foes
find no purchase upon them, for these Ossiarchs are made of ancient fossilised matter as tough as rock.

Necropolis Stalkers are much feared for their swift and sudden attacks; springing into the midst of the foe, they whirl
their great blades around themselves with such force even ten-foot tall ogors are hacked apar t.


PAGEBREAK
Arkhan the Black, Mortarch of Sacrament

Arkhan soars above the field of battle on Razarak, the Doom of Traitors. He rains deadly magic amongst the enemy, only
descending into their midst when he deems a particularly vital kill necessary.


PAGEBREAK
The staff Alakanash

The blade Zefet-Nebtar

Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead


PAGEBREAK
Necropolis Stalker of the Ivory Host

Mortek Guard of the
Null Myriad

Mortek Guard of the
Crematorians

Immortis Guard of the Mortis Praetorians with dread halberds and nadirite battle-shields

Necropolis Stalker with spirit blades

Necropolis Stalker with dread falchions

Necropolis Stalker with spirit blades


PAGEBREAK
Mortek Guard

Mortek Guard with
soulcleaver greatblade

Mortek Hekatos

Mortek Guard

Necrophoros

As a Bonereaper counter-invasion pours into Stormcast-held territory, a Mortisan Boneshaper regenerates his Mortek
Guard as quickly as Sigmar’s warriors can smash them down. Victory is but a matter of time.


PAGEBREAK
Liege-Kavalos


PAGEBREAK
Kavalos Deathrider Mortek Hekatos with
nadirite blade and shield

Kavalos Deathrider Necrophoros

Kavalos Deathrider with
nadirite spear

The charge of the Stalliarch Lords has broken the battlelines of men, aelves, duardin and even
Seraphon,
for it hits home with tremendous force only to burst through,
turn and charge again.


PAGEBREAK
Arch-Kavalos Zandtos sallies forth from the necropolis of Obedia. Swiftly apportioning his hard-hitting troops to the
battle ahead, he prepares the way for his Mortisan allies to rain destructive magic upon those who deny the tithe.

Morghast Archai


PAGEBREAK
Gothizzar Harvester

A Gothizzar Harvester of the Stalliarch Lords lumbers into battle with an orruk Megaboss – should the construct’s
rune-
emblazoned sickles fell the beast and its greenskin rider, a rich harvest of bone will be had from their remains.


PAGEBREAK
Cauldron of Torment

Cursed Stele

Mortek Crawler


PAGEBREAK
Atop a high cliff, an Arch-Kavalos’ battery of Mortek Crawlers hammers distant enemies with
barrages of shrieking skulls and cursed steles that turn the Chaos invaders to dust.


PAGEBREAK
DEATHLY SUPREMACY

DEATHLY SUPREMACY

The Ossiarch Bonereapers fight as a professional army, but rendered through the most maniacal form of
necromancy imaginable. They are the iron fist of Nagash’s will, and very rarely can they be stopped. There are
dozens of ways to collect Ossiarch Bonereapers; this spread offers one such example of a fu l l and coherent army.

When collecting a Warhammer Age
of Sigmar army,
it’s a good idea to
have a plan. How you decide which
units to include in your Ossiarch
legion might be based on the look of
the models, how you envision them
performing during a tabletop battle,
or could follow a narrative found
in a battletome or even one of your
own invention. There is no single
right way to collect your army, only
the way you deem best. The goal is
the same – to field an Ossiarch host
with which to assail the realms! Here
is how we assembled the collection
shown below.

There really was only one choice
when it came to a leader for our force
of Mortis Praetorians – Orpheon
Katakros. The Mortarch is such an
awe-inspiring sight we couldn’t wait
to put him atop a hill in our games
and have him command his troops
to a resounding victory. He is such a
fantastic force multiplier we intend
to keep him out of combat unless
absolutely necessary – though even
if an enemy manages to cut through
his vast store of wounds they are in
for a nasty surprise when Katakros
himself takes up his glaive and shield
to join the fight.

Katakros’ officers are also great at
bolstering the rank and file. Arch-
Kavalos Zandtos wi l l stick with the
Kavalos Deathriders, taking on any
aggressive monsters or heroes that
come hunting for our own characters
– or making a devastating flank
charge that wi l l
likely crumble an
enemy unit or three and take those
objectives we need to secure victory.

The Necropolis Stalkers and
Immortis Guard wi l l anchor
the other flank, with the former
launching a shock assault on
anything they can catch and the

2

7

8

9

3

10


PAGEBREAK
latter responding to anything
that threatens Katakros and his
command staff. With the Mortarch’s
abilities only at fu l l strength when
all his retainers are still intact, they
wi l l respond to any threat to our
main character and his relentless
discipline abilities.

The three large units of Mortek
Guard are used as our main force
for taking objectives and grinding
down enemy infantry. With the
Mortisan characters nearby,
they
can always be regenerated should
they suffer heavy casualties, bogging
down enemy assaults and weathering
the worst that the foe can throw at
them. Should the enemy force send
in something they simply cannot
deal with, the Mortisan Soulreaper
and Boneshaper wi l l use their most
destructive spells to restore parity.

The Gothizzar Harvester wi l l be
placed relatively centrally in our
battleline,
lumbering over to add
some muscle where needed but also
help regenerate those units that have
suffered from the most damage in
the first few turns. With a bit of luck,
where our army is taking casualties
but then restoring them in the next
hero phase, our opponent’s army wi l l
feel every death quite keenly as they
batter themselves to pieces against
an unyielding cliff of bone. No plan
survives contact with the enemy, but
with the command abilities of our
characters able to bolster our units to
impressive levels of strength, we have
an in-built versatility to the force.
As a whole, this Ossiarch legion
presents a collector and painter with
a great variety of elite troops, as well
as a competitive tabletop force with
many exciting gaming options.

1. Katakros, Mortarch of
the Necropolis
2. Arch-Kavalos Zandtos
3. Mortisan Boneshaper
4. Mortisan Soulreaper
5. Immortis Guard
6. Necropolis Stalkers
7. Kavalos Deathriders with
nadirite blades
8. Kavalos Deathriders with
nadirite spears
9. Mortek Guard with nadirite spears
10. Mortek Guard with
nadirite blades
11. Mortek Guard with
nadirite spears
12. Gothizzar Harvester

‘Break them. Break them body and

soul upon the wheel of Nagashizzar’s

immortal

rule.’

- Katakros the Undefeated

5

6

4

12

1

11


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS

PAINTING YOUR
OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

Whether you have never painted a Citadel Miniature in your life or are a master of the brush with decades of
experience, the prospect of painting an Ossiarch Bonereapers army offers a unique and exciting challenge.
Following are some tips and examples to get you started with painting your own deathly cohort.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers are one
of the most detailed and unusual
miniatures ranges produced by
Games Workshop. From relentless
and methodical Mortek Guard to
hulking war constructs such as the
Gothizzar Harvester and elite units
such as the Necropolis Stalkers, there
is an enormous amount of personal
choice in what sorts of aesthetics,
textures and details your collection
wi l l feature. This, coupled with the
heraldic sigils, banners and amazing
centrepieces common to this army,
may seem a little daunting at first.
However, with the help of the tips
and tricks on the following pages you
wi l l soon find yourself building up a
legion that Katakros himself would
be proud to take to war.

Painting your Citadel Miniatures
is an enjoyable part of the Games

Workshop hobby, and a way to truly
personalise your collection. Whether
you choose to copy the colour
schemes shown in this battletome or
to invent your own, wholly unique
legion colour scheme, when you put
a fully painted army on the tabletop
the effect is always spectacular. Some
painters enjoy lavishing hours of
time and attention on each model,
teasing out every last detail to the
highest possible standard. Others
prefer powering through batches of
miniatures, getting them painted
to a neat and basic standard, the
better to quickly finish their army
and start rolling dice. As with all
aspects of this hobby,
there’s
really
no right or wrong way to do things
as long as you’re happy with the end
result. So whether you’re looking to
paint up a bone-crafted selection of
your favourite Ossiarch Bonereapers

miniatures or gather an entire
legion and bring the unruly Mortal
Realms to heel, these pages contain
invaluable information on how to
go about painting ever ything from
dr y bone to nadirite blades, burning
runes and disembodied spirits!

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

BONE

1

2

3

Start with an undercoat of
Wraithbone Spray.

Apply an all-over wash of
Skeleton Horde, ensuring
that the paint doesn’t pool
excessively in the recesses.

Finish with a drybrush of
Wraithbone to pick out the
raised detail.

BONE VARIANTS

TOP TIP

To protect your
models from
wear and tear on
the battlefield,
spray them with
Munitorum Spray
or apply a coat
of Stormshield.

Light Grey : Grey Seer,

Contrast Medium and
Basilicanum Grey mix,
Ulthuan Grey highlights.

Dark Brown: Dryad Bark

and Lahmian Medium mix
over the Bone stage above.
Drybrush Ushabti Bone.

Null Myriad Grey :

Mechanicus Standard Grey
basecoat, Nuln Oil shade,
Dawnstone highlight.

Ivory Host Grey : Basecoat

Abaddon Black, then
highlight Eshin Grey and
Stormvermin Fur.


PAGEBREAK
MORTIS PRAETORIANS PURPLE

1

2

3

4

Start with a basecoat of
Abaddon Black. Apply
two thin coats for an
even finish.

Apply thick highlights of
Phoenician Purple to the
edges of the individual
armour segments.

Paint thin highlights of
Russ Grey on the segment
edges, leaving some of the
purple showing beneath.

Finish with dots of
Ulthuan Grey on the rivets
and on the points where
the light would catch.

BLADE VARIANTS

Apply a Leadbelcher
basecoat, glaze with Coelia
Greenshade, highlight
with Ironbreaker.

Basecoat with Incubi
Darkness, highlight with
Kabalite Green and then
Sybarite Green.

Basecoat with Grey Seer,
wash with Terradon
Turquoise, highlight with
Temple Guard Blue.

Basecoat Leadbelcher,
shade Agrax Earthshade,
stipple on Ryza Rust,
highlight Stormhost Silver.

BLADE RUNES

1

2

3

4

Basecoat Iron Warriors,
wash Nuln Oil, highlight
Ironbreaker and then
Stormhost Silver.

Paint Wild Rider Red into
the runes. Thinning the
paint helps it flow into
the recesses.

Next, paint Fire Dragon
Bright into the runes,
ensuring that the red is left
showing around the edges.

Use Yriel Yellow and a
thin brush such as an S
Layer Brush to pick out the
extremities of the runes.

TEAL CLOTH

1

2

3

4

Apply two thin coats of
Incubi Darkness for a
smooth basecoat.

Apply an all-over wash
of Nuln Oil, making sure
the Shade doesn’t
form
puddles on the flat areas.

Highlight the edges and
folds using Kabalite Green.
Drybrush at this stage for a
quicker result if you wish.

Pick out the sharpest
edges and creases
with highlights of
Fenrisian Grey.


PAGEBREAK
PETRIFEX ELITE ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Start with an undercoat of
Grey Seer Spray.

Apply Flesh Tearers
Red to the armour ; the
Contrast paint wi l l settle
in the recesses.

Using Evil Sunz Scarlet,
highlight the edges of the
armour segments and pick
out the rivets.

To finish, apply fine
highlights of Fire Dragon
Bright to the edges
and rivets.

PETRIFEX ELITE DETAILS

Paint Basilicanum
Grey over Grey Seer.
Drybrush Dawnstone then
Administratum Grey.

Paint Terradon Turquoise
over Thousand Sons Blue.
Highlight Ahriman Blue
then Temple Guard Blue.

Paint Nihi lakh Oxide
into the runes, then pick
out their extremities with
Moot Green.

Paint the energy discharge
with White Scar, then
colour it with Aethermatic
Blue and Iyanden Yellow.

STALLIARCH LORDS ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the parts of
the armour that are not
bone using two thin coats
of Leadbelcher.

Shade with Coelia
Greenshade. Whilst it
dries, draw up plans to
conquer all living things.

Bring the lustre back to
the metal using a layer of
Leadbelcher,
leaving the
shade in the recesses.

Edge highlight the armour
sections and rivets with
Stormhost Silver to
add definition.

STALLIARCH LORDS DETAILS

Carefully paint Blood
For The Blood God into
the recesses between the
model’s bones.

Apply Wyldwood mixed
1:1 with Contrast Medium
over the tips of the bones
in a few careful
layers.

Paint Warpstone Glow
followed by Moot Green
into the recesses of
the glyphs.

Base with Screamer Pink,
use Carroburg Crimson
Shade, then highlight with
Pink Horror.


PAGEBREAK
DISEMBODIED SPIRITS

1

2

3

4

Begin with a basecoat of
Grey Seer.

Paint the spirits all over
with Aethermatic Blue
Contrast paint.

Use Warp Lightning
thinned heavily with
Lahmian Medium to add
some green patches.

Highlight the spirits with
Ulthuan Grey. If you
wish, use the dr ybrushing
technique for faster results.

BANNER DESIGNS

1

2

3

4

Block out the entire design
with a smooth basecoat
of XV-88.

Highlight the individual
elements of the design
using Tau Light Ochre.

Pick out the design’s
extremities with
fine highlights of
Screaming Skull.

To restore some colour,
glaze the design with a 1:1
mix of Lamenters Yellow
and Lahmian Medium.

GLOWING SKULLS

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the skulls with
Celestra Grey,
then
apply an all-over wash of
Hexwraith Flame.

Use Biel-Tan Green to
carefully pick out the eye
sockets, jaw cavities and
deepest recesses.

Using an S Dry Brush,
drybrush the skulls all
over with Celestra Grey to
pick out the raised detail.

Finish with a lighter
drybrush of Ulthuan Grey
for extra definition.

OTHER DETAILS

Bird: Over the ‘Bone’
steps (pg 66), use Abaddon
Black, Eshin Grey,
then
Stormvermin Fur.

Gems: Abaddon Black,
sharp lines of Mechanicus
Standard Grey,
then dots
of Administratum Grey.

Spirit Glow : Paint the

recesses Grey Seer, wash
with Aethermatic Blue,
highlight Moot Green.

Eye Glow : Basecoat with
Warpstone Glow. Pick out
the eyes and lower socket
rims with Moot Green.


PAGEBREAK
CLOTH VARIANTS

Basecoat with Incubi Darkness,
edge highlight with Kabalite Green,
then add another edge highlight
with Dawnstone.

Apply a Khorne Red basecoat, Nuln
Oil recess shade, then successively
finer highlights of Wazdakka Red,
Squig Orange and Cadian Fleshtone.

Basecoat with Rhinox Hide, edge
highlight with Mournfang Brown,
then add another edge highlight
of XV-88.

BURNING BONE

1

2

3

4

Over a Corax White
undercoat, basecoat with
Yriel Yellow. Two thin
coats works best.

Wash the yellow all over
with Fuegan Orange,
mopping up any excess
paint with a clean brush.

Gradually building the
effect, drybrush the area
with Abaddon Black for a
scorched appearance.

Paint thinned-down Yriel
Yellow into some of the
deeper recesses to simulate
an inner glow.

ARMOUR VARIANTS

Null Myriad Green: Use Caliban

Green as a base and Nuln Oil as
a shade. Highlight with Kabalite
Green followed by Sybarite Green.

Ivory Host Bone: Use Wraithbone

as a base and Seraphim Sepia as
a shade. Highlight with Pallid
Wych Flesh.

Blue-grey Armour : Use Night

Lords Blue as a base and Nuln Oil as
a shade. Highlight with Russ Grey
followed by Fenrisian Grey.

Crematorians Bronze: Warplock

Bronze base; Agrax Earthshade Gloss
shade; Hashut Copper highlight;
Nihilakh Oxide in recesses.

Black Armour : Use a base of

Abaddon Black, then highlight the
edges with Dark Reaper followed by
Russ Grey.

Crimson Armour : Use Gal Vorbak

Red as a base and Nuln Oil as a
shade. Highlight with Screamer Pink
followed by Pink Horror.


PAGEBREAK
GRADIENT ON MORTEK CRAWLER CATAPULT ARM

1

2

First, undercoat the arm with Wraithbone Spray. Then,
apply Skeleton Horde Contrast paint. When this is dry,
drybrush the arm with Wraithbone Base paint.

Using a 2:1 mix of Lahmian Medium and Steel Legion
Drab, build up a gradient using several thin coats, each
time focussing more of the mix towards the ‘hand’.

3

4

Repeat this process with a 2:1 mix of Lahmian Medium
and Dryad Bark, but this time concentrating only on the
hand and the end of the arm.

Next,
lightly drybrush the hand with Karak Stone to pick
out the joints. For a crisp finish, apply a final highlight to
the joint edges, again with Karak Stone.

RUBBLE-STREWN BASE

1

2

3

4

Keeping in mind the
model’s placement, glue
sand, stones and skulls
onto the base as you wish.

Undercoat with Chaos
Black Spray. Then, paint
thinned Mournfang
Brown around the details.

Drybrush the base with
Mechanicus Standard
Grey, Dawnstone, then
Administratum Grey.

Use the ‘Bone’ stages
(pg 66) for the skulls.
Finish with some
Middenland Tufts.

BALEFUL GLOW BASE

1

2

3

Paint the flat surface of the
base with Moot Green. A
couple of layers provides a
vibrant finish.

Next, apply a thick coat of
Mordant Earth. Give the
paint plenty of time to dr y
(ideally overnight).

To finish,
lightly drybrush
the crackled paint with
Dawnstone, then paint the
rim Steel Legion Drab.

TOP TIP

Apply ‘crackle effect’
Technical paints straight
out of the pot with a
brush. A thicker coat of
paint tends to give a better
result when it dries, so be
generous when applying
the paint at this stage. It
is worth experimenting
with the amount of paint
you use on a spare base to
ensure that you are happy
with the finish.


PAGEBREAK
THE OSSIARCH
BONEREAPER LEGIONS

THE OSSIARCH
BONEREAPER LEGIONS

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Ossiarch Bonereapers miniatures on the battlefields
of the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to an Ossiarch
Bonereapers army. The rules for
using allegiance abilities can be

found in the Warhammer Age of
Sigmar Core Book .

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in an
Ossiarch Bonereapers army (pg 73).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of
an Ossiarch Bonereapers army if it is
a HERO (pg 74).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in
an Ossiarch Bonereapers army
(pg 75-76).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to MORTISANS in an
Ossiarch Bonereapers army (pg 77).

OSSIARCH BONEREAPER
LEGIONS

Abilities for the six foremost
Ossiarch Bonereaper Legions
(pg 78-83). These rules can be used
by units in an Ossiarch Bonereapers
army that have been given the
appropriate keyword (see the
Ossiarch Bonereaper Legions battle
trait, opposite).

BONE-TITHE NEXUS

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Bone-tithe
Nexus (pg 84-85).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with
an Ossiarch Bonereapers army
(pg 86-87).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using an Ossiarch
Bonereapers unit, along with its
characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 96-109).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

Endless spell warscrolls for the
unique endless spells that can be

summoned by MORTISAN WIZARDS

(pg 110-111).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Ossiarch Bonereapers collection
in Path to Glory campaigns
(pg 88-91).

The rules for playing games with
endless spells can be found in the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core
Book and in Warhammer Age of
Sigmar : Malign Sorcery.

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Ossiarch
Bonereapers miniatures.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 112).

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Ossiarch Bonereapers units
that combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 92-95).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
Allegiance Abilities

BATTLE TRAITS

THE OSSIARCH EMPIRE

LORDS OF THE OSSIARCH EMPIRE

The supreme ruler of the Ossiarch Bonereapers is
Nagash, at whose right hand stands Arkhan the Black
and at whose left hand stands Katakros.

You can include NAGASH and/or ARKHAN in an
Ossiarch Bonereapers army even though they do
not have the OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS keyword on
their warscroll. If you do so, they gain the OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS keyword on their warscroll, but you
cannot include any mercenary units in your army.

OSSIARCH BONEREAPER LEGIONS

Ossiarch Bonereaper warriors are organised into
mighty legions that fight in their own unique ways.

In addition, if your army is an Ossiarch Bonereapers
army, you cannot use command points. Instead,
you use relentless discipline points. At the start of
each battle round, before determining who has the
first turn, you receive 1 relentless discipline point

for each friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS HERO

that is on the battlefield. You receive 1 additional
relentless discipline point for each warscroll battalion
in your army and each friendly LIEGE that is on the
battlefield, and 3 additional relentless discipline points
if KATAKROS is your general and is on the battlefield.
Then, roll a dice for each friendly OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS unit on the battlefield (including the
HEROES above). For each 6, you receive 1 additional
relentless discipline point.

If your army is an Ossiarch Bonereapers army, you
can give it an Ossiarch Bonereaper Legion keyword
from the list below. All OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS
units in your army gain that keyword, and you can
use the extra abilities listed for that Legion on the
page indicated.

Battle Traits

Relentless discipline points are used in the same
manner as command points, but can only be used for
command abilities that appear on a warscroll that has
the OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS keyword, for Ossiarch
Bonereaper Legion command abilities and for the
Unstoppable Advance command ability below.

• MORTIS PRAETORIANS (pg 78)
• PETRIFEX ELITE (pg 79)
• STALLIARCH LORDS (pg 80)
•
IVORY HOST (pg 81)
• NULL MYRIAD (pg 82)
• CREMATORIANS (pg 83)

When you generate your relentless discipline points at
the start of the battle round, any that you had left over
from the previous battle round are lost.

Unstoppable Advance: Ossiarch Bonereapers advance
upon the foe at a remorseless pace.

If a model already has an Ossiarch Bonereaper Legion
keyword on its warscroll,
it cannot gain another one.
This does not prevent you from including the unit in
your army.

DEATHLESS WARRIORS

Ossiarch Bonereapers are made more formidable by the
presence of their lords and masters.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly unit that has the HEKATOS
keyword, or is wholly within 6" of a friendly Mortek
Hekatos, or is wholly within 12" of a friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS HERO. On a 6, that wound

or mortal wound is negated.

RANKS UNBROKEN BY DISSENT

The soul-crafting process grants Ossiarch Bonereapers
iron self-control with no room for any fear or doubt.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly OSSIARCH

BONEREAPERS units.

You can use this command ability in your movement
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly unit that has the
HEKATOS keyword, or is wholly within 6" of a friendly
Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within 12" of a friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS HERO. Add 3" to that unit’s

Move characteristic in that phase (it can still run, or
charge if it does not run). You cannot pick the same
unit to benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

Designer ’s Note: Many Ossiarch Bonereapers
command abilities do not require a HERO to be nearby
in order for you to use it. These command abilities
represent orders issued by the leader of the unit. In
addition, some abilities allow you to return slain
models to a unit. When you do so, set up the models one
at a time within 1" of a model from the unit they are
returning to (this can be a model returned earlier in the
phase). Returning models can only be set up within 3"
of an enemy unit if any models from the unit they are
returning to are already within 3" of that enemy unit.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

KAVALOS COMMANDER TRAITS

LIEGE-KAVALOS only.

Command Trait

Ancient Knowledge: This commander has

studied the ways of war for millennia.

You receive 1 additional relentless discipline
point at the start of the battle round if this
general is on the battlefield.

Immortal Ruler : It is nigh impossible to
extinguish the soul of this commander.

The Deathless Warriors battle trait negates
a wound or mortal wound allocated to this
general on a roll of a 5+ instead of 6.

Dark Acolyte: This commander has learnt how
to master the power of magic.

This general is a WIZARD that knows 1 spell
from the Lore of the Mortisans. They can
attempt to cast that spell in your hero phase,
and attempt to unbind 1 spell in the enemy
hero phase.

4

5

6

Peerless Warrior : Few can match this ancient
warrior in the art of combat.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this general is 6, that
attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

Hatred of the L iving: This lord of death loathes
all
living creatures.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this general and their mount unless
the target has the DEATH keyword.

Life-stealer : This general can leech the vital
essence of those they slay.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
general’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to this general.

MORTISAN QUALITIES

MORTISAN only.

Command Trait

Ancient Knowledge: This commander has

studied the ways of war for millennia.

You receive 1 additional relentless discipline
point at the start of the battle round if this
general is on the battlefield.

Immortal Ruler : It is nigh impossible to
extinguish the soul of this commander.

The Deathless Warriors battle trait negates
a wound or mortal wound allocated to this
general on a roll of a 5+ instead of 6.

Dire Ultimatum: This pitiless ruler makes
impossible demands of their v ictims, on pain
of death.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
this general.

4

5

6

Grave-sand Bones: This wizard is constructed
from bone that is heavy with the magic of Shy ish.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore
of the Mortisans (pg 77).

Oathbreaker Curse: Woe betide any who break
a contract brokered by this general.

Roll a dice each time your opponent receives
a command point while this general is on the
battlefield. On a 6, that command point is lost.

Soul Energy : This wizard can draw on the
power of their own soul when they use the
arcane ar ts.

You can re-roll casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for this general. If you do so,
this general suffers 1 mortal wound after the
effects of the spell (if any) are carried out.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

RELICS OF THE KAVALOI

LIEGE-KAVALOS only.

D6

1

2

3

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Mindblade: A shimmering blade that emits a
thin scream when it is drawn, the Mindblade can
sever the intellect
from those whose flesh it cuts.

Pick one of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with that
weapon that targets a HERO is 6, your opponent
loses 1 command point (to a minimum of 0) and
that HERO cannot use command abilities for the
rest of the battle.

Lordly Phylactery : This phylactery harbours a
vast amount of soul energy, granting the bearer
the authority of ten lesser commanders.

Once per battle, at the start of any phase, the
bearer can use this artefact. When they do so,
you receive D3 relentless discipline points.

Scroll of Command: The sacred parchment
carried to war by this liege lends him a part of
Nagash’s
immortal authority.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
the bearer.

4

5

Grave-sand Boneplate: This armour emanates

an aura of morbid energy that can age nearby
mor tals decades in mere moments.

At the end of the combat phase, roll a dice for
each enemy unit within 3" of the bearer. On a
4+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Marrowpact: The glyphs borne to war by this
liege bind those who view them in arcane pacts
that siphon the energy from their bone marrow.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, pick 1
enemy unit within 6" of the bearer that is visible
to them, and roll a dice. On a 3+, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds and you can heal 1
wound allocated to the bearer for each mortal
wound that is inflicted and not negated.

6

Helm of the Ordained: This helmet radiates the
wearer’s will into nearby constructs.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units and their

mounts while they are wholly within 12" of
the bearer.

TOOLS OF THE BONESHAPER

MORTISAN BONESHAPER only.

2

Lode of Saturation: This

ingot of nadirite-iron alloy,
when pressed against a
bone construct, renders its
structure nigh invulnerable.

3

At the start of your hero
phase, pick 1 friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

unit other than the bearer
that is within 1" of them.
Until your next hero phase,
the Deathless Warriors
battle trait negates a wound
or mortal wound allocated
to that unit on a roll of a 5+
instead of 6.

Artefact of Power

Artisan’s Key : This

Boneshaper is gifted indeed,
so much so he has been given
the Artisan’s Key – a relic
that bolsters his ability to
shape and heal constructs.

Before you use the bearer’s
Boneshaper ability, roll a
dice. On a 4+, you can either
pick 2 units within 6" of the
bearer to be affected by the
Boneshaper ability instead
of 1, or you can pick 1 unit
within 6" of the bearer to be
affected by the Boneshaper
ability twice.

The Crafter-gems: This

triad of cut black gems
allows the bearer to siphon
the energies of resurrection
from each stone at the
same time, healing his
physical
incarnation with
incredible rapidity.

In your hero phase, you
can heal up to 3 wounds
allocated to the bearer. Once
the total number of wounds
this artefact has been used to
heal during the battle equals
3, it cannot be used again for
the rest of the battle.


PAGEBREAK
TREASURES OF THE SOULMASON

MORTISAN SOULMASON only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Gothizzar Cartouche:

Inscribed by Nagash himself,
this car touche is made from
the bones of a fallen Chaos
lord. It is emblematic of the
hatred the dead have for the
living, and stokes their desire
for revenge against those who
still remain v ital.

Add 1 to wound rolls for
attacks made with melee
weapons by friendly DEATH
units wholly within 9" of the
bearer if the target does not
have the DEATH keyword.

2

Soul Reservoir : This vial-

like ar tefact is honeycombed
with dozens of tiny
compar tments, each a prison
in which a captive soul can be
stored, granting the owner a
tremendous supply of energy
with which to empower
his spells.

Add 2 to casting rolls for
the bearer. However,
if the
casting roll for the bearer
is an unmodified 10+,
this artefact cannot be
used again for the rest of
the battle.

3

Throne of Dzendt: Crafted

by Dzendt, one of the first
Soulmasons, this throne
has a fierce animus that has
seen it stained by the gore of
countless battles.

Add 2 to the bearer’s
Wounds characteristic,
and add 2 to the Attacks
characteristic of the Ossified
Claws of the bearer’s mount.

WEAPONS OF THE SOULREAPER

MORTISAN SOULREAPER only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Luminscythe: This

legendary ar tefact was made
in the lightless depths of the
Shyish Nadir.
It cuts away
daylight itself, casting palls
of purple-black energy across
the battlefield with each
killing sw ipe.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls
for attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, add 1 to
casting rolls for the bearer
when they attempt to cast
Soul-blast, Pall of Doom or
any spell from the Lore of
the Mortisans.

2

Vial of Binding: This

elongated vial is able to pluck
the soul from an enemy at
range, slaying them with a
single sucking draught of
negative energy.

Once per battle,
in your hero
phase, pick 1 enemy model
within 12" of the bearer that
is visible to them and roll a
dice. If the roll is equal to
or greater than that model’s
Wounds characteristic that
enemy model is slain.

3

Guardian Reavesoul:

This ar tefact contains a
spirit that is kept in a state
of permanent anguish,
forcing it to intercede with
its own tormented spiritual
energy whenever the bearer
is threatened.

The Deathless Warriors
battle trait negates a wound
or mortal wound allocated
to the bearer on a roll of a
5+ instead of 6. Instead of
rolling the dice, you can say
that the bearer wi l l shatter
this artefact. If you do so,
the wound or mortal wound
is negated without a dice
being rolled, but this artefact
cannot be used again for the
rest of the battle.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one of the following spells for each MORTISAN in an Ossiarch Bonereapers army. NAGASH
and ARKHAN know all of the spells from the Lore of Mortisans.

D6

1

Spell

LORE OF THE MORTISANS

Arcane Command: The wizard sends a

simulacrum to issue a command to one of
their subordinates.

4

Reinforce Battle-shields: The caster imbues the

battle-shields carried by Ossiarch Bonereaper
warriors with arcane protective energy.

Arcane Command has a casting value of 5.
If successfully cast, you receive D3 relentless
discipline points.

2

Empower Nadirite Weapons: The caster

imbues the nadirite weapons with deadly power.

Empower Nadirite Weapons has a casting
value of 5. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS unit with the

Nadirite Weapons ability that is wholly
within 24" of the caster and visible to them.
Until the start of your next hero phase, that
unit’s Nadirite Weapons ability causes 2 hits
to be scored on an unmodified hit roll of 5+
instead of 6, or 4+ instead of 6 for a charging

KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS unit attacking with

Nadirite Spears.

3

Protection of Nagash: A barrier of nullifying
energy shields the wizard from harm, and
transpor ts them to safety if it is breached.

Protection of Nagash has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, roll a dice each time a wound
or mortal wound is allocated to the caster. On
a 5+, that wound or mortal wound is negated.
If any wounds or mortal wounds are allocated
to the caster and not negated, and the caster
is not slain, remove them from the battlefield
after all of the wounds or mortal wounds have
been allocated. Then, set them up anywhere on
the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy
units. After setting up the model, this spell
is unbound.

Reinforce Battle-shields has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS unit armed with Shields or
Nadirite Battle-shields that is wholly within 24"
of the caster and visible to them. Until the start
of your next hero phase, roll a dice each time
you allocate a mortal wound to that unit. On a
5+, that mortal wound is negated.

5

Drain Vitality : This cursed spell saps a foe’s
streng th,
leaving them weak and vulnerable.

Drain Vitality has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, re-roll unmodified hit rolls
of 6 for attacks made by that unit, and re-roll
unmodified save rolls of 6 for attacks that target
that unit.

6

Mortal Contract: The caster binds an enemy to
a deadly mystical contract.

Mortal Contract has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster that is visible to them. For the rest
of the battle, roll a dice at the end of each phase
during which any attacks made by that unit
inflicted any damage on a friendly OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS unit. On a 3+, that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. You cannot pick the
same unit to be affected by this spell more than
once per hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
Mortis Praetorians

MORTIS PRAETORIANS

The first amongst all their kind, the Mortis Praetorians are the legion of Orpheon Katakros himself. They are
the most pitilessly effective of all the Ossiarch legions, driven by the cumulative militar y insight of the finest war
leaders in Shyish. In the wake of each successful invasion are raised monuments to the immortal glory of Nagash.

Known as the Ten Thousand Cohorts, the Mortis
Praetorians are always kept at the same numerical
strength, for when one of them is cut down a mental
impulse ensures that the Mortisans of Gothizzar create
a replacement. They are the consummate tithemasters of
the Ossiarch Empire, able to extract every last splinter
of bone from the vassal nations they bring to heel whilst
ensuring the source is able to replenish itself so it is never
exhausted. They farm the living as a callous herdsman
farms cattle, and look upon them in much the same way
– they are but animals, there to be exploited and slain
when their usefulness has run dry.

Conquerors without equal, the Mortis Praetorians have
already made their mark upon the realms. The animating
spirits of their generals each house an echo of Katakros’
original command staff, split apart and reapportioned
to ensure their militar y genius is as multi-faceted as
possible. From their empire in the Innerlands of Shyish
they have marched through a dozen Realmgates and
more to spread the fearsome order of Katakros’s wi l l
across the lands; to know of their coming is to feel a chill
in the soul. Those that charge their line, hoping to secure
victory through speed and brute force, are met by a set-
piece counter-attack that sees them dashed to nothing,
stymied by shieldwalls and impaled by viciously sharp
nadirite weapons and artificer-crafted officer’s blades.

ABILITIES
The Dread Legion: Enemies know that any attempt to
resist the Mortis Praetorians is doomed to fail .

COMMAND TRAIT

A MORTIS PRAETORIANS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on page 74.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 12" of any friendly MORTIS

PRAETORIANS units.

Katakros’ Chosen: The commanders of the Mortis
Praetorians are hand-picked by Katakros, and chosen
for their supreme mastery of the battlefield ar ts.

COMMAND ABILITY
Counter-strike: At a prearranged signal, the Mortis
Praetorians ready their weapons in preparation for an
enemy assault.

You can use this command ability at the end of the
enemy charge phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
MORTIS PRAETORIANS unit that either has the
HEKATOS keyword, or is wholly within 6" of a friendly
Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within 12" of a friendly

MORTIS PRAETORIANS HERO. Until the end of the

turn, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by that
unit that target an enemy unit that made a charge
move in the same turn.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase, if
this general is on the battlefield you can receive D3
additional relentless discipline points.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first MORTIS PRAETORIANS HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given an Artificer’s Blade.

Artificer ’s Blade: This master-crafted weapon can slice
through any armour with ease.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Change the Rend
characteristic of that weapon to -3.


PAGEBREAK
Petrifex Elite

PETRIFEX ELITE

Fashioned from ancient skeletons excavated from the bedrock of the realms, the Petrifex Elite are war constructs
made of fossilised bone. The vast majority of them are massive in construction, going to war as towering statues
brought to life. The dark, dense bone of these giants is proof against any but the most finely crafted blade.

The legion of the Petrifex Elite is not typified by
disciplined ranks, but massive,
lumbering war giants
made of dense fossil rock. Those Mortisans who
command them are no larger than the rest of their kind,
though they do share the same supernatural resilience.
It is whispered that the foremost Archaeossians, as they
are known, have taken armoured forms made not from
the bones of monsters, but of the fabled godbeasts. Those
enemies who find their blades rebounding from these
ancient warriors can well believe the myth is true.

The Petrifex Elite have no fortress or base of operations,
instead continually roaming the lands of the living and
the dead on their single-minded quest to slay ever ything
in their path. They leave trails of deep footprints that
span entire continents, grinding through and pounding
flat anything in their path as they walk the geomantic
lines of magical energy that link the realms. Their
war giants are massively strong, for though they are
relatively few in number,
the Mortisans that create them
ensure each one is built to last millennia. The Mortisans
enchant their fossil warriors with spells of resilience
and repulsion; though they look long dead, the touch of
entropy has little effect upon them. Upon command these
giants bring their colossal weight to bear, bludgeoning
and stomping through the defences of their prey with
force enough to shatter limbs and shiver shields.

ABILITIES

Unstoppable Juggernauts: These grim warriors are

made from petrified bone, granting them exceptional
resilience to physical attacks .

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target PETRIFEX
ELITE units.

COMMAND ABILITY
Bludgeon: Petrifex Elite warriors are capable of
delivering devastating blows that make a mockery of
shields and armour.

You can use this command ability in a combat phase.
If you do so, pick 1 friendly PETRIFEX ELITE unit that
either has the HEKATOS keyword, or is wholly within
6" of a friendly Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within 12"
of a friendly PETRIFEX ELITE HERO. In that combat
phase, improve the Rend characteristic of melee
weapons used by that unit by 1. You cannot pick the
same unit to benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

COMMAND TRAIT

A PETRIFEX ELITE general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 74.

Mighty Archaeossian: The fossilised bone from which
this general
is formed is supernaturally hard.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first PETRIFEX ELITE HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given Godbone Armour.

Godbone Armour : This prized armour was made by
master Petrifex Elite Boneshapers from the remnants of
a mythical godbeast.

The first wound allocated to the bearer in each phase
is negated.


PAGEBREAK
Stalliarch Lords

STALLIARCH LORDS

Where the Stalliarch Lords ride, they leave gory trails behind them. With a far greater proportion of cavalr y in
their ranks than any other Ossiarch legion, they are known for their devastating mounted assaults. Those they slay
are swiftly repurposed to reinforce their numbers, for in fresh bone can be found a desperate and bloody vigour.

The harvest of bone taken by the Stalliarch Lords follows
soon after each slaughter,
for they value fresh remains
above all, reinforcing their physiques and making new
warriors from those cadavers that are only a matter of
hours old. With the rich vitality of the living still pulsing
within this gore-spattered raw material, the Stalliarch
Lords harness a forceful energy and speed that drives
them onwards as they charge again and again through
the enemy lines. Experts in swift and shattering assaults,
the Stalliarch Lords can withdraw in good order from
a swirling melee, reordering their ranks whilst the
enemy is still stumbling in surprise before mounting
another punishing charge until the foe has been
broken completely.

Perhaps there was once something noble about these
Equumortoi, but it has long been cast aside, twisted by
Nagash into a predatory and evil mockery of the martial
codes of warrior cultures. They give their victims a stark
challenge before the ki l ling begins, but it is invariably
one that no mortal creature or society could hope to
meet. When the living are found wanting, the Stalliarch
Lords attack with merciless surety, riding down their
prey atop unnatural steeds imbued with deathly power.
After all, the vermin were given a chance to redeem
themselves; those too weak or stupid to take it deserve
nothing less than callous extermination.

ABILITIES
Equumortoi: The steeds ridden by the Stalliarch Lords
are carefully crafted to be the fastest of their kind.

COMMAND TRAIT

A STALLIARCH LORDS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on page 74.

STALLIARCH LORDS units can run and still charge
later in the same turn.

Twisted Challenge: This warlord will often challenge
an opponent to a duel they cannot hope to w in.

COMMAND ABILITY
Rally Back: Mounted Stalliarch warriors are trained to
swiftly disengage from combat, redress their ranks and
then charge back into the fray.

You can use this command ability in your movement
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly STALLIARCH
LORDS unit that has a mount and either is wholly
within 6" of a friendly Mortek Hekatos or is wholly
within 12" of a friendly STALLIARCH LORDS HERO.
That unit can retreat in that phase and still charge later
in the same turn, as long as it did not run.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy HERO within 3" of this general. Until the end
of that phase, add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by
this general that target that enemy HERO, but subtract
1 from hit rolls for attacks made by this general that
target any other unit.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first STALLIARCH LORDS LIEGE to receive an

artefact of power must be given a Nadir-bound Mount.

Nadir-bound Mount: The steed ridden by this liege is
imbued with the terrible power of the Nadir.

You can roll D3 additional dice when this LIEGE uses
their Unstoppable Charge ability.


PAGEBREAK
Ivory Host

IVORY HOST

The Ivory Host are outwardly the most magnificent of all the Ossiarchs, their polished cream bone a startling
counterpoint to their golden armour and lustrous amber soul-trap gems. Yet their macabre glory hides a howling,
snarling need to k i l l. When wounded, they fight like rabid animals to swiftly overcome even the largest foes.

To the Shyishan mindset, the grandeur of the Ivory
Host is a thing of beauty. Each construct is a work of
necromantic art, each warrior a polished and engraved
specimen that would take pride of place in an Azyrite
museum were it not to have such an aggressive animus
of its own. Yet under the grandeur of this legion lies a
simmering violence. Formed from the bones of Ghurish
monsters and the transformative realmstone known
as amberbone, these warriors are ferocious indeed,
and the beast within is far nearer the surface than the
commanders of the host like to admit. Though they
believe they can temper the underlying rage within their
regiments at will, when their bones are split and the
energy of Ghur runs rampant, even they wi l l succumb
to the savage urges within their bones. Their attack has
more in common with that of the direshark than the
lion of the Shyishan plains. As the battlelines clash the
Ivory Host wi l l surge from disciplined lockstep into a
screaming, violent frenzy of blows that hacks ever ything
in their path into bloody chunks. All defensive discipline
is put aside, shields are used as bludgeons and all
thoughts of parr ying or deflection abandoned. Even
the leaders at the fore, previously priding themselves
on having held back their regiments from the headlong
charge, turn into screaming dervishes that attack with
such speed their enchanted blades form blurring lines in
the air as they ki l l over and over again.

ABILITIES
Simmering Rage: The Ivory Host harbour a deep-
seated rage that can explode into berserk v iolence .

COMMAND TRAIT

An IVORY HOST general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 74.

At the start of the combat phase, each friendly IVORY
HOST unit that is within 6" of a friendly IVORY HOST
model that currently has any wounds allocated to it
becomes subject to rage until the end of that phase.
Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by a unit that is
subject to rage, but subtract 1 from save rolls for
attacks that target a unit that is subject to rage.

Scrimshawed Savage: At first cultured and refined,
as the battle progresses this general becomes
increasingly savage.

In each of your hero phases, roll a dice for this general.
On a 5+, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by this general for the rest of the battle.

COMMAND ABILITY
Temper Fur y : The commanders of the Ivory Host can
order their minions to control their rage.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first IVORY HOST HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given a Beastbone Blade.

You can use this command ability in the combat phase.
If you do so, pick 1 friendly IVORY HOST unit that is
subject to rage and either has the HEKATOS keyword,
or includes a Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within 12"
of a friendly IVORY HOST HERO. In that phase, do not
subtract 1 from save rolls for attacks that target that
unit because of its rage, but still add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit.

Beastbone Blade: This bone-forged weapon thrums
with the bestial energy of Ghur.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Null Myriad

NULL MYRIAD

The Null Myriad are magical creatures, but they have been fashioned in such a way that they are extremely
resistant to baleful forces. Fireballs hurled into their ranks detonate with no more effect than a summer breeze,
death hexes merely cause them to glow a little brighter, and magical storms slow their progress not at al l.

Glowing with baleful energy, the Null Myriad advance.
The skies shimmer above them in abstract patterns that
form howling skulls and raking skeletal claws, for these
are creatures as much of magic as they are of bone. The
legacy of Arkhan’s
centuries-long endeavour to create
the Great Black Pyramid, they are formed from the bone
of those skeletons that painstaking ly conveyed grains
of grave-sand from Shyish’s perimeter to its innermost
point. They have been specifically created to withstand
the worst of magical onslaughts. Katakros sees value in
every land conquered, as does their master Arkhan, and
if they can conquer those parts of the Mortal Realms that
no other force can hope to challenge, so much the better.

The animating souls of the Myriad are dimly aware of
their abilities, but take a quiet pride in resisting even
the predatory sorceries of the Arcanum Optimar. They
know fu l l well of their strange origin; steeped in uncanny
magic, their leaders exude an aura of wrongness that can
unman even the manically brave champions of the Dark
Gods. Some of these ghastly magical revenants wield
weapons so steeped in unnatural energy they can cut
straight through armour as if it were not there. To fight
the Null Myriad is to fight a foe from the worst, most
hazardous battlefields imaginable. To them, even the
horrors of Chaos magic are but another mortal folly to
stride through without pause.

ABILITIES
Eldritch Nulls: Forged to fight in the par ts of the
realms most saturated with magic, the Null Myriad
have an innate resistance to arcane forces .

Each time a friendly NULL MYRIAD unit is affected by
a spell or endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 5+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless spell
on that unit.

COMMAND ABILITY
Holdfast: The Null Myriad can stand firm even when
lashed by a howling gale of arcane power.

You can use this command ability before you use the
Eldritch Nulls ability for a unit that either has the
HEKATOS keyword, or is wholly within 6" of a friendly
Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within 12" of a friendly
NULL MYRIAD HERO ; that unit is not affected by the
spell or endless spell on a roll of 2+ instead of 5+.

COMMAND TRAIT

A NULL MYRIAD general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 74.

Unsettling and Sinister : This general

living creatures, making them recoil

is anathema to
in horror.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this general. In addition, subtract
1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy units while
they are within 3" of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first NULL MYRIAD HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given a Baleful Blade.

Baleful Blade: Blows struck by this inimical weapon
cannot be stopped by armour or magical wards.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Do not make
save rolls for attacks made with that weapon, and
wounds inflicted by that weapon cannot be negated
when they are allocated to a model (the wounds can be
healed later in the battle).


PAGEBREAK
Crematorians

CREMATORIANS

A legion of walking furnaces, the Crematorians burn with dark magic. They are sent against those cities and
strongholds that Nagash would see removed from existence. They are far from eternal, their existence brief but
spectacular – those that strike them down soon find this out as they are consumed in an explosion of balefire.

The Crematorians exist to burn those who have earned
Nagash’s displeasure and raze their works to the ground.
They fight not as a perfectly ordered militar y force, as
with their fellow Bonereapers, but as a horde of relentless
undead that advance slowly but steadily towards the
holdings of their enemies. They are heedless of casualties,
for they have been created purely in order to burn, and
take their enemies with them. Many a city has been
brought down by this legion’s fires. Those Crematorians
that die before they can complete their task are simply
taken up by their Mortisans and reconstituted to fight
again the next day. The leaders of the Crematorians
legion are daunting figures indeed, for they are always
burning with intense fire from the inside out – living
enemies near to them feel their hairs singe and their skin
grow taut as the roaring heat of these walking funeral
pyres threatens to immolate them before a single blade
is even swung. Those who can endure their flames find
that their weapons bear deadly enchantments too, the
metal so infernally hot that those struck by them often
spontaneously combust. Should an enemy warrior strike
down a Crematorian, the magic keeping them aflame
wi l l discharge in a great burst of destructive energy. The
lords of the legion bear such potent curses that to shatter
their forms is to be instantly immolated, the last sound
their killer ever hears a hollow and resounding laugh that
haunts their soul for eternity.

ABILITIES
Immolation: Crematorian warriors are likely to
detonate if they are cut down by an opponent .

COMMAND TRAIT

A CREMATORIANS general must have this command
trait instead of one listed on page 74.

Roll a dice each time a friendly CREMATORIANS
model is slain by an attack made with a melee weapon,
before the slain model is removed from play. Add 1 to
the roll if the slain model is a HERO or MONSTER . On
a 5+, pick 1 enemy unit within 3" of the slain model.
That unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Wrathful Avenger : This general

Nagash’s wrath.

is a blazing avatar of

If this general is slain, add 2 to the Immolation dice
roll instead of 1, and if the roll is successful inflict D3
mortal wounds on the enemy unit instead of 1.

COMMAND ABILITY
Levellers of Cities: Fortifications are of little use
against this fiery legion .

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first CREMATORIANS HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given a Searing Blade.

You can use this command ability in the combat phase.
If you do so, pick 1 friendly CREMATORIANS unit that
either has the HEKATOS keyword, or is wholly within
6" of a friendly Mortek Hekatos, or is wholly within
12" of a friendly CREMATORIANS HERO. Do not
apply the cover modifier to save rolls for attacks made
with melee weapons by that CREMATORIANS unit in
that phase.

Searing Blade: The sur face of this ebon blade is laced
with an arcane filigree that burns red-hot.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to the
Damage characteristic of that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
BONE-TITHE NEXUS

Bone-tithe Nexus

BONE-TITHE NEXUSES must be set

up by the player whose army they
are a part of, before any other terrain
features are set up, more than 3"
from any objectives and more than
6" from the edge of the battlefield.
Set up the rest of the terrain as
described in the core rules. If both
players can set up terrain features
before any other terrain features are
set up, the players must roll off, and
the winner chooses who sets up their
terrain features first.

When you choose an Ossiarch
Bonereapers army, you can include 1

BONE-TITHE NEXUS (pg 85). When

terrain is set up for a battle, any

T arnagar felt his stomach turn sour as he watched the fisher-
people of the coast, bent-backed with despair, carry ing their
offerings of bone to the tithe-point. Under the unflinching stares
of the undead delegation, they were leaving them under one of the
strange four-headed statues the bone-men had erected all along the
coast. Tarnagar snarled, no longer caring if they heard him. He and his
tribal warriors never bend the knee like that, never give up their own
flesh and blood as tithe for the dead. They fought only for the true gods.
He finally got a clear v iew of the monstrosity amongst the bone-
men ranks. A walking abattoir,
surrounded by a thin mist of gore. He
grinned, froth gathering at the corners of his smile as his disgust turned
to battle lust.
‘I will take that one,’ he said to his warriors. ‘To battle!’
The chieftain charged, a roar of exultation bursting from his chest
as he and his clansmen slammed into the dead-men’s
ranks. As if in
answer, a blast of balefire came from the monster’s maw, but he had
seen its tricks before, and rolled beneath it. Swinging his axe in a wide
loop, he all but severed its skull from its spine.
With a bass roar the monster stumbled past, one of its lesser arms
grabbing Tarnagar’s
collarbone. Growling, he ducked beneath it,
hacking at the beast’s knee. Tarnagar parried the creature’s backsw ing,
then got pitched forward as its bony tail slammed into his back. He
got up fast with a bellow of rage, intending to cut the beast’s head off
entirely – only to see its neck was whole and solid, as if it had never
been hewn by his axe moments ago. Sickly light surrounded it, drawn
from the offerings of fisher-people bone around the tithe-point statue to
visibly mend the creature’s bones.
‘Great Pantheon,’ muttered Tarnagar.
‘That cannot be.’
Two more elongated limbs grabbed at his neck and hip, their feeble
appearance belying a horrible streng th. The chieftain tried to hold
onto his rage, but it was slowly replaced by a cold sense of terror. Then
the limbs pulled hard. He felt a hideous tearing sensation, his torso
stretched as if upon a rack. The light of the sun was obscured by a sickle-
shaped blade. As it fell, Tarnagar screamed, hacked almost in two.
As he died, he dimly registered being thrown atop a pile of bone
offerings, the remains of dead fisher-people digg ing into his back. The
towering, four-headed statue gazed down at him with cold indifference.
Then its eyes burned, and he was stripped flesh from bone in an instant.


PAGEBREAK
SCENERY WARSCROLL

BONE-TITHE NEXUS

The Ossiarch tithemasters often demand their grisly bounty be left at designated nexuses of power. The soul energy and
raw bone of these sites can be drawn upon to heal nearby Ossiarch constructs. If the vassals and mortals nearby refuse
the tithe or break contract, the statue at the nexus’ heart lets loose its deadly gaze.

DESCRIPTION

A Bone-tithe Nexus is a single
terrain feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES
Deadly Gaze: The statue that
towers above a Bone-tithe Nexus
can unleash punishing beams of
energy upon those who break an
Ossiarch contract. Each of the
statue’s
four faces can deliver a
different punishment.

In your hero phase, you can choose
for this terrain feature to unleash
one of the following punishments:

Punishment of Agony : Pick 1

enemy unit wholly within 18" of this
terrain feature and visible to it, and
roll a dice. On a 4+, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that unit
until your next hero phase.

Punishment of Death: Pick 1 enemy

unit within 36" of this terrain feature
and visible to it, and roll a dice. On a
2+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Punishment of Ignorance: Pick 1

enemy WIZARD within 36" of this
terrain feature and visible to it, and
roll a dice. On a 2+, subtract 1 from
casting, dispelling and unbinding
rolls for that unit until your next
hero phase.

Punishment of L ethargy : Pick 1

enemy unit wholly within 18" of this
terrain feature and visible to it, and
roll a dice. On a 4+, that unit cannot
run until your next hero phase, and
a D6 is used to make charge rolls for
that unit instead of 2D6 until your
next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, BONE-TITHE NEXUS


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Destroy The Nexus

BATTLEPLAN

DESTROY THE NEXUS

A Bone-tithe Nexus is a stark
reminder to the Ossiarchs’ vassals
of the tribute that they owe and
which must be paid. Sometimes
this burden w i l l become too much
to bear, and a vassal kingdom w i l l
rebel. Its people w i l l refuse any
longer to pay the dues demanded
of them, and march forth to
tear down the hated tithe-point
monument that was built by their
oppressors. However, these plans
w i l l only rarely escape the attention
of their Bonereaper overlords,
and the dissidents w i l l find their
way towards the Bone-tithe Nexus
blocked by a defending army.

This battleplan recreates a battle
that takes place between the
Ossiarch Bonereapers and an army
of rebel vassals for control of a
Bone-tithe Nexus.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Ossiarch Bonereapers
player. Their opponent is the Rebel.
The Ossiarch Bonereapers player
must use an Ossiarch Bonereapers
army. The Rebel cannot include
in their army any units with the
DEATH keyword.

THE BATTLEFIELD

Before terrain is set up, the players
roll off. The winner decides which
territory each player wi l l use. The
territories are shown on the map.

The Ossiarch Bonereapers player
must then set up 1 BONE-TITHE
NEXUS wholly within their territory
and more than 6" from the edge of
the battlefield. Set up the rest of the
terrain as described in the core rules.

Only 1 BONE-TITHE NEXUS can be

used in this battle.

SET-UP

The players alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with the
Ossiarch Bonereapers player.

Units must be set up wholly within
their territory, more than 12" from
enemy territory. The territories are
shown on the map. Continue to set
up units until both players have set
up their armies. If one player finishes
first, their opponent must set up the
rest of the units in their army, one
after another.

FIRST TURN

In this battle, the Rebel must take
the first turn in the first battle round.

REBEL HATRED
The rebels are filled with hatred
brought about by years of Ossiarch
oppression; a rancour which knows
no bounds when they are close to
their oppressors’ Bone-tithe Nexus.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of
units in the Rebel army. In addition,
do not take battleshock tests for
units from the Rebel army while they
are wholly within 12" of the BONE-

TITHE NEXUS.


PAGEBREAK
TEARING DOWN
THE NEXUS
The rebellious army has but one
aim: to pull down their oppressors’
Bone-tithe Nexus and grind it to dust
beneath their feet.

The BONE-TITHE NEXUS can be

chosen as the target of attacks made
with melee weapons by units from
the Rebel army.

A Rebel unit cannot target the

BONE-TITHE NEXUS if that unit

is within 3" of any units from the
Ossiarch Bonereapers army.

When the BONE-TITHE NEXUS

is attacked,
it is treated as having
a Save characteristic of 4+ and a
Wounds characteristic of 12. Once
the number of wounds allocated to it

equals its Wounds characteristic, it is
destroyed and removed from play.

Subtract 1 from the dice roll that
determines if an enemy unit is
affected by one of the BONE-TITHE
NEXUS punishments if 6 or more
wounds are currently allocated to

the BONE-TITHE NEXUS. Subtract 2

instead of 1 if 9 or more wounds are
currently allocated to the BONE-

TITHE NEXUS.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

If the BONE-TITHE NEXUS is

destroyed, the Rebel wins a

major victory.

Starting from the third battle round,
at the end of each battle round, roll
a dice and add the number of the

current battle round to the roll. On
a 9+, the battle ends. On any other
roll, the battle continues.

If the BONE-TITHE NEXUS has

not been destroyed and there
are no Rebel units within 3" of
it at the end of the battle, the
Ossiarch Bonereapers player wins a

major victory.

If neither player has won a major
victor y at the end of the battle, each
player scores a number of victory
points equal to the combined
Wounds characteristics of all
friendly models within 6" of the

BONE-TITHE NEXUS. The player

with the most victory points wins
a minor victory. If neither player
has more victory points, the battle

is a draw.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband w i l l gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband
to follow and fight beside their
champion during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
you wi l l be crowned the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND

In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select your army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect an
Ossiarch Bonereapers warband,
but other Warhammer Age of
Sigmar publications include

warband tables to let you collect
warbands from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer,
instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your warband
after a battle (see Rewards of
Battle). In either case, in order to
generate a follower unit from the
table, you must have enough rolls
and/or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory

Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Record all
of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use an Ossiarch
Bonereapers warband in a Path
to Glory game, you can use the
battle traits from page 73 apart
from the Ossiarch Bonereaper
Legions battle trait. You cannot use
any other Ossiarch Bonereapers
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely


PAGEBREAK
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated.

As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE

After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.
Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on your champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the result
on your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have a Champion’s
Reward, you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster.
A unit can only receive
one Follower’s Reward. If
all of your follower units
have a Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive any
Glory Points – just keep on fighting
battles until you win the campaign…
or another player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Ossiarch Bonereapers Warband Tables

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS
WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the other
units in the warband, and the rewards the warband receives after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Liege-Kavalos

Mortisan Boneshaper

Mortisan Soulreaper

Mortisan Soulmason

Follower
Rolls

3

4

4

4

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-2

3-4

5

6

Followers

3 Immortis Guard

3 Necropolis Stalkers

2 Morghast Archai

2 Morghast Harbingers

MORTISAN FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 1 roll)

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

Mortisan Boneshaper

Mortisan Soulreaper

Mortisan Soulmason

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-4

5-6

Followers

10 Mortek Guard

5 Kavalos Deathriders

CONSTRUCT FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 3 rolls, or 1 roll and 2 Glory Points)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Mortek Crawler

Gothizzar Harvester

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D6

1

2

3

Reward

Immolation: These warriors are likely to
detonate if they are cut down by an opponent .

Roll a dice each time a model from this unit is
slain by an attack made with a melee weapon,
before the slain model is removed from play. If
the roll is less than or equal to the slain model’s
Wounds characteristic, pick 1 enemy unit
within 3" of the slain model. That unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Unstoppable

Juggernauts: These warriors are
exceptionally resilient
to physical attacks .

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
this unit.

Dread Legion: Enemies know that any attempt
to resist these warriors is doomed to fail .

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
this unit.

4

5

Eldritch Nulls: These arcane constructs have an
innate resistance to magical
forces .

Each time this unit is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 5+ ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this unit.

Simmering Rage: These warriors can explode
into berserk violence without warning .

At the start of a combat phase, if any model
from this unit have been slain it becomes
subject to rage until the end of that phase. Add
1 to hit rolls for attacks made by a unit that is
subject to rage, but subtract 1 from save rolls for
attacks that target a unit that is subject to rage.

6

Carefully Trained: You can pick the result you
wish to apply to the unit.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

4

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

LIEGE-KAVALOS REWARDS

Reward

Immortal Ruler : It is nigh impossible to
extinguish the soul of this commander.

The Deathless Warriors battle trait negates
a wound or mortal wound allocated to this
champion on a roll of a 5+ instead of 6.

Dark Acolyte: This commander has learnt how
to master the power of magic.

This champion is a WIZARD that knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells. They can
attempt to cast 1 spell or dispel 1 endless spell in
your hero phase, and attempt to unbind 1 spell
in the enemy hero phase.

Peerless Warrior : Few can match this ancient
warrior in the art of combat.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by this champion is 6, that
attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

4

5

6

Hatred of the L iving: This lord of death loathes
all
living creatures.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this champion unless the target has
the DEATH keyword.

Life-stealer : This champion can leech the vital
essence of those they slay.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by
this champion’s
attacks in that combat phase,
you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated to
this champion.

Artefact of Power : An ancient ar tefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Relics of the Kavaloi
table (pg 75).

MORTISAN REWARDS

Reward

Immortal Ruler : It is nigh impossible to
extinguish the soul of this commander.

The Deathless Warriors battle trait negates
a wound or mortal wound allocated to this
champion on a roll of a 5+ instead of 6.

Dire Ultimatum: This pitiless ruler makes
impossible demands of their v ictims, on pain
of death.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 12" of
this champion.

Grave-sand Bones: This wizard is constructed
from bone that is heavy with the magic of Shy ish.

This champion knows 1 spell from the Lore of
the Mortisans (pg 77).

Oathbreaker Curse: Woe betide any who break
a contract brokered by this champion.

Roll a dice each time your opponent receives a
command point while this champion is on the
battlefield. On a 6, that command point is lost.

5

6

Soul Energy : This wizard can draw on the
power of their own soul when they use the
arcane ar ts.

You can re-roll casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for this champion. If you do so,
this champion suffers 1 mortal wound after the
effects of the spell (if any) are carried out.

Artefact of Power : An ancient ar tefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Tools of the Boneshaper
table (pg 75) if this champion is a MORTISAN
BONESHAPER , from the Treasures of the
Soulmason table (pg 76) if this champion is a
MORTISAN SOULMASON , or from the Weapons
of the Soulreaper table (pg 76) if this champion

is a MORTISAN SOULREAPER .


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLL BATTALION

OSSIARCH COHORT

Ossiarch Cohort

The Ossiarch Cohort is the Bonereapers host fully realised. Each regiment is a cog in a pitiless machine that
grinds down the enemy, dispassionately cutting them apart in an overlapping storm of attacks. Each regiment and
battalion has its role to play, and under Katakros’ rule all do so with uncanny synchronicity and sk i l l.

ORGANISATION

• Katakros, Arch-Kavalos Zandtos
or 1 Liege-Kavalos

• 1-3 Mortek Shield-corps

• 1 Mortisan Trident

• 1-2 Katakrosian Deathglaives

• 1 Aegis Immortal

• 1-3 Kavalos Lances

• 1 Mortek Ba l listar i

ABILITIES

Unstoppable Battleforce: An

Ossiarch Cohor t is a well-led,
power ful and flexible army capable
of adapting to any situation and
overcoming any foe.

At the start of your hero phase, if
your general is from this battalion
and on the battlefield, you receive D3
relentless discipline points.


PAGEBREAK
This section includes Ossiarch Bonereapers warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
November 2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date
or no publication date.

‘F irst maniple,
forward sixty-two paces.
Lockstep. Reach crest and form spearwall.
‘Second echelon, change formation wide
upon destination, Unbroken Aeg is.
‘Kavaloi encircle weakest flank. Gallop until twenty-
two spears’
leng th, then wheel and charge.
‘Ballistari, target enemy armoured assets, load
cauldron. Mortek Guard to repel at need. Employ stele
against officer that commanded attack.
‘Prime rank, push them onto broken ground. Target
standard bearers. Twelve shor t thrusts of nadirite
gladii, then retreat out of bombardment radius. Break
the morale of their back ranks.
‘Mor tisans, oppor tunistic harvest until signal.
Standard protocol, reinforce at own discretion.
‘Mortek echelons seventeen through nineteen,

hold their attention. Let them waste their streng th.
Boneshapers replenish echelons five through
twelve. Begin manufacture of three additional
Mortek echelons. Gnosis Scrollbearers prepare
surrender tithe.
‘When ground at least half covered with fallen,
commit Kavaloi reserve. Mor teks follow to expand
line. Harvesters move in. Break surv ivors. Begin
retrieval and repair. Consolidate.
‘Improvise barrier around natural rise. Employ
Palisade of Blades. Harvesters disgorge. Sequester
cadavers. Mor teks to sor t and flay. Mor tisans use
expedient build. Collate natural resource. Create
perimeter wall. Create optimal tithe-point. Mount
flayed skin as deterrent.
‘Zandtos, restrain yourself.’


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

MORTEK SHIELD-CORPS

The Shield-corps is a defensive formation that Katakros uses to anchor his main battleline. Whilst the enemy
batter themselves on what they thought was the legion’s weakest point, the rest of the army closes in for the k i l l.

Mortek Shield-corps

ORGANISATION

ABILITIES
Unbreakable Bulwark: A Mortek Shield-corps can be used to create
a formidable defensive bulwark, which brings any enemy attack to a
grinding halt.

• Vokmortian,
1 Mortisan
Boneshaper, 1 Mortisan
Soulreaper or 1
Mortisan Soulmason

• 3 Mortek Guard units

Once per turn, you can use the Shieldwall command ability for a unit from
this battalion without spending a relentless discipline point to do so.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

MORTISAN TRIDENT

The Mortisan Trident is a formation used to bolster an outnumbered part of the Ossiarch battleline. Self-
sustaining due to its triad of necromantic Mortisans, it can turn the tide through its mastery of the arcane.

Mortisan Trident

ORGANISATION

ABILITIES
Deadly Combination: The Mor tisans and their hulking pet feed off each
other’s magic.

Each MORTISAN from this battalion can attempt to cast 1 extra spell in your
hero phase if it is within 18" of the GOTHIZZAR HARVESTER from the same
battalion and the GOTHIZZAR HARVESTER is within 3" of any enemy units.

• 1 Mortisan Boneshaper

• 1 Mortisan Soulreaper

• 1 Mortisan Soulmason

• 1 Gothizzar Harvester

WARSCROLL BATTALION

Katakrosian Deathglaive

KATAKROSIAN DEATHGLAIVE

The Katakrosian Deathglaive is not a subtle tool, but a terrifyingly swift weapon of war that can drive deep into an
enemy army ’s side mere moments after the cal l to engage has rung out across the field.

ORGANISATION

• 2 Necropolis Stalkers units

• 1 Morghast Harbingers unit

ABILITIES
Supernatural Strike-force: Katakrosian Deathglaives are despatched to
annihilate key enemy formations.

After armies are set up but before the first battle round begins, if all units
from this battalion are wholly within 12" of this battalion’s MORGHAST
HARBINGERS unit, you can move any units from this battalion up to 6".


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

AEGIS IMMORTAL

Aegis Immortal

The Aegis Immortal is the escort of kings, echoing the inner companions and guardians of the former Ossian
Empire. It is comprised of monstrous necromantic constructs that defend their liege with uncanny sk i l l.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Morghast Archai unit

• 2 Immortis Guard units

ABILITIES
Undying Guardians: The Aegises Immortal have one purpose – to protect the
leaders of the Bonereaper legions.

The MORGHAST ARCHAI unit from this battalion has the Soulbound
Protectors ability from the IMMORTIS GUARD warscroll. In addition, when
you use the Soulbound Protectors ability for a unit from this battalion and
the dice roll is 5+, the wound or mortal wound is negated instead of being
allocated to a unit from this battalion.

Kavalos Lance

WARSCROLL BATTALION

KAVALOS

LANCE

The Kavalos Lance is much beloved of those Ossiarch leaders who favour mounted warfare. Its wedge-formation
charge can take a flank in moments, or even break right through the foe to wheel around and attack again.

ORGANISATION

• Arch-Kavalos Zandtos or
1 Liege-Kavalos

• 2 Kavalos Deathriders units

ABILITIES
Liege Companions: This elite cavalry cohor t strikes repeatedly at the weakest
point in the enemy line.

Units from this battalion can charge even if they retreated earlier in the
same turn if they are wholly within 12" of the LIEGE from the same battalion
when the charge roll is made. In addition, once per turn, you can use the
Deathrider Wedge command ability for a unit from this battalion without
spending a relentless discipline point to do so.

Mortek Ballistari

WARSCROLL BATTALION

MORTEK BALLISTARI

The Mortek Ballistari is more than an arti l ler y battery, for though it specialises in raining death from afar,
its
Mortek Guard and Boneshaper leader mean it can blunt or turn aside enemy counterstrikes with frightening ease.

ORGANISATION

• 1 Mortisan Boneshaper

• 1 Mortek Guard unit

• 2 Mortek Crawlers

ABILITIES
Vital Assets: Batteries of Mortek Crawlers are often assigned escor ts of
Mortek Guard to protect them from close assault, and a Mortek Boneshaper to
repair any damage the ar tillery pieces sustain in battle.

Roll a dice before you allocate a wound or mortal wound to a MORTEK
CRAWLER from this battalion while it is within 3" of the MORTEK GUARD
from the same battalion. Add 2 to the roll if the MORTEK CRAWLER is within
3" of the MORTISAN BONESHAPER from the same battalion. On a 4+, that
wound or mortal wound is allocated to the MORTEK GUARD instead of the

MORTEK CRAWLER .


PAGEBREAK

WARSCROLL

KATAKROS

MORTARCH OF THE NECROPOLIS

4"

20

3+

10

Katakros, Mortarch of the Necropolis

Orpheon Katakros is an immortal demigod of war. A mi litar y genius, he is a
consummate commander ; in conjunction with his trusted retainers, he bolsters the
Ossiarch legions with iron resolve, surging physical power and uncanny insight.

MELEE WEAPONS

Inda-Khaat
The Shield Immortis
Nadirite Dagger
Nadirite Duelling Blades
Soulreaver Greatblade
Spirit Dagger

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"
1"
1"
1"

3+
3+
3+
3+
3+
3+

1
6
3
3

3+
3+
3+
3+
3+
3+

-3
-2
-1
-1
-1
-1

3
2
1
1
1
1

Wounds Suffered

0-1
1-3
4-8
8-12
13+

DAMAGE TABLE

Companions

Al l
Prime Necrophoros, Aviarch Spymaster, Liege-Immortis
Aviarch Spymaster, Liege-Immortis
Liege-Immortis
None

Inda-Khaat

1
1
2
2
4

The Shield Immortis

Cannot be used
Cannot be used
Cannot be used
Cannot be used
4

DESCRIPTION

Katakros is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with Inda-Khaat and the
Shield Immortis.

COMPANIONS: Katakros is accompanied
by a Gnosis Scrollbearer that attacks with a
Nadirite Dagger, a Prime Necrophoros that
attacks with a Soulreaver Greatblade, an Aviarch
Spymaster that attacks with a Spirit Dagger,
and a Liege-Immortis that attacks with Nadirite
Duelling Blades.

The companions that currently accompany
Katakros var y depending on the number of
wounds suffered by this model, as shown on the
damage table. You can only use the companion
abilities on the right for the companions
currently accompanying Katakros, and only
those companions can attack. For all other rules
purposes, companions are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Deadly Combination: Katakros can send a foe
staggering with a blow from the Shield Immortis
and exploit the opening with a follow-up strike
from his glaive, Inda-Khaat.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
the Shield Immortis is 6, that attack inflicts 2
mortal wounds on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Mortarch of the Necropolis: Katakros

is the
constructs and ruler of

most per fect of Nagash’s
the Ossiarch Empire.

At the start of your hero phase, if this model is
on the battlefield you can pick up to 3 different
friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units wholly
within 24" of this model. For each of those units,
you can either heal up to 3 wounds allocated to
that unit or, if no wounds are allocated to it, you
can return a number of slain models to that unit
with a combined Wounds characteristic of 3
or less.

Nadirite Weapons: Nadirite weapons can steal
an opponent’s
life-force.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Nadirite weapon is 6, that attack scores 2 hits
on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Endless Duty : The serv ice an Ossiarch Boneaper
owes their liege never, ever ends; if so ordered, they
will continue striking at the foe with relentless
regularity until no one is left to oppose them.

You can use this command ability in your
shooting phase or any combat phase. If you do

so, pick 1 friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

unit that is wholly within 12" of a model with
this command ability. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of weapons used by that unit in
that phase. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

Supreme Lord of the Bonereaper Legions: An

Ossiarch force personally led by Katakros
is said
to be worth ten times the number of an identical
force led by his generals.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase if KATAKROS is your general. If you
do so, until your next hero phase, add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made by friendly OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS units while they are wholly
within 18" of this model, and add 1 to save
rolls for attacks that target friendly MORTIS
PRAETORIAN units while they are wholly
within 18" of this model. You can only use this
command ability once per hero phase.

COMPANION ABILITIES

Aviarch Spymaster : The Aviarch Spymaster
can use their spy network to disrupt the plans of
Katakros’ enemies.

Once per turn you can roll a dice when your
opponent receives a command point. If you do
so, on a 4+ that command point is lost.

Gnosis Scrollbearer : The Gnosis Scrollbearer that
accompanies Katakros
transcribes his edicts onto
binding contracts that cannot be refused.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit that is on the battlefield. Until your
next hero phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit that target friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units.

Prime Necrophoros: This Necrophoros holds
aloft Katakros’ personal battle banner.

When you use this model’s Supreme Lord of the
Bonereaper Legions command ability,
it affects

friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units while

they are wholly within 36" of this model instead
of wholly within 18" of this model.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, DEATHLORDS, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTIS PRAETORIANS, LIEGE, HERO, KATAKROS


PAGEBREAK
9"

WARSCROLL

NAGASH

SUPREME LORD OF THE UNDEAD

16

3+

10

Nagash, Supreme Lord of the Undead

Nagash is the God of Death, hateful and ancient beyond mortal reckoning. When
the Great Necromancer takes to the battlefield, the earth writhes as scores of undead
warriors crawl forth from the grave to serve their eternal master.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Gaze of Nagash

MELEE WEAPONS

Alakanash
Zefet-nebtar
Spectral Claws and Daggers

Range

12"

Range

3"
2"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

To Hit

3+
3+
5+

To Wound

2+
3+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-3
-2
-

Damage

D6

Damage

D6
3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-10
11-13
14+

The Nine Books of Nagash

Cast and unbind 5 extra spells
Cast and unbind 4 extra spells
Cast and unbind 3 extra spells
Cast and unbind 2 extra spells
Cast and unbind 1 extra spells

Zefet-nebtar

6
5
4
3
2

Staff of Power

+3 cast /+3 unbind or dispel
+3 cast /+2 unbind or dispel
+2 cast /+2 unbind or dispel
+2 cast /+1 unbind or dispel
+1 cast /+1 unbind or dispel

DESCRIPTION

Nagash is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with Zefet-nebtar, Alakanash
and the Gaze of Nagash.

COMPANION: Nagash is accompanied by a
host of spirits that fight with their Spectral Claws
and Daggers. For rules purposes, they are treated
in the same manner as a mount.

FLY: Nagash can fly.

ABILITIES

Alakanash, the Staff of Power : This staff is

capped with gems of purest Shyishan realmstone.

Add the Staff of Power value shown on this
model’s damage table to casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for this model. In addition,
this model can attempt
to cast Arcane Bolt and
Mystic Shield any number of times in the same
hero phase, even if another WIZARD has already
attempted to cast the spell in that phase.

Invocation of Nagash: With but a thought,

forth fresh minions to assail

Nagash can call
his foes.

At the start of your hero phase, if this model
is on the battlefield you can pick up to 5
different friendly SUMMONABLE units or

friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units in

any combination. For each of those units, you
can either heal up to 3 wounds that have been
allocated to that unit or,
if no wounds have been
allocated to it, you can return a number of slain
models to that unit with a combined Wounds
characteristic of 3 or less.

Frightful Touch: The malign spirits that
surround Nagash can freeze an opponent’s blood
with a single touch.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Spectral Claws and Daggers is 6,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target
and the attack sequence ends (do not make a
wound or save roll).

Morikhane: This ensorcelled armour protects
Nagash from arcane as well as physical attacks,
and can even cause an intense magical backlash
on those that dare strike him.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 1-3, nothing happens.
On a 4-5, that mortal wound is negated. On a 6,
that mortal wound is negated and the attacking
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

The Nine Books of Nagash: Over his impossibly

long existence, Nagash has collected a vast library
of esoteric lore.

The Nine Books of Nagash allow Nagash to cast
extra spells in your hero phase and unbind extra
spells in the enemy hero phase. The number of
extra spells he can attempt
to cast or unbind is
shown on this model’s damage table.

MAGIC

Nagash is a WIZARD. He can attempt
to cast 3
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
3 spells in the enemy hero phase (he can also
attempt
to cast and unbind extra spells due to
the Nine Books of Nagash ability). He knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield, Hand of Dust and
Soul Stealer spells.

Hand of Dust: It is said that the touch of
Nagash can wither and age any mor tal, turning
them to little more than a pile of dusty bones in
mere moments.

Hand of Dust has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy model within 3"
the caster. Then, take a dice and hide it in one
of your hands. Your opponent must pick one of
your hands. If they pick the one holding the dice,
the spell has no effect. If they pick the empty
hand, the enemy model is slain.

Soul Stealer : Nagash can siphon souls from the
living to heal his own wounds.

Soul Stealer has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 24"
of the caster that is visible to them and roll 2D6.
If the roll is greater than that unit’s Bravery
characteristic,
it suffers D3 mortal wounds.
If the roll is at least double that unit’s Bravery
characteristic,
it suffers D6 mortal wounds
instead. You can heal up to 1 wound that has
been allocated to the caster for each mortal
wound inflicted by this spell that is not negated.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Supreme Lord of the Undead: Nagash is the

undisputed master of all undead creatures.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase if this model is on the battlefield. If you do
so, until your next hero phase, you can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly DEATH
units, you can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks
that target friendly DEATH units, and do not
take battleshock tests for friendly DEATH units.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER, HERO, PRIEST, WIZARD, NAGASH


PAGEBREAK
11

4+

WARSCROLL

ARKHAN THE BLACK

MORTARCH OF SACRAMENT

10

Arkhan The Black, Mortarch of Sacrament

Arkhan is a master of necromantic magic and the most trusted servant of Nagash.
Roiling clouds of deathly magic swirl about the skeletal form of the Mortarch of
Sacrament as he rides to war upon his dread abyssal Razarak.

MELEE WEAPONS

Zefet-kar
Khenash-an
Ebon Claws
Spectral Claws and Daggers

Range

1"
2"
1"
1"

Attacks

1
1

6

To Hit

3+
4+
4+
5+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-1
-2
-

Damage

D3
D3
2
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

Move

16"
13"
10"
7"
4"

Ebon Claws

6
5
4
3
2

Staff of Spirits

+2 cast /+2 unbind or dispel
+2 cast /+1 unbind or dispel
+1 cast /+1 unbind or dispel
+1 cast
-

DESCRIPTION

Arkhan the Black is a named character that
is a single model. He is armed with Zefet-kar
and Khenash-an

MOUNT: Arkhan the Black’s dread abyssal,
Razarak, attacks with its Ebon Claws.

COMPANION: Arkhan the Black is
accompanied by a host of spirits that attack with
their Spectral Claws and Daggers. For rules
purposes, they are treated in the same manner
as a mount.

FLY: Arkhan the Black can fly.

ABILITIES

Feaster of Souls: Arkhan feeds upon the soul-stuff
of the slain, restoring any damage done to his
physical
form.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s attacks in that combat phase, you can
heal up to 2 wounds allocated to this model.

Frightful Touch: The malign spirits that
surround Arkhan can freeze an opponent’s blood
with a single touch.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with this model’s Spectral Claws and Daggers
is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the
target and the attack sequence ends (do not make
a wound or save roll).

Staff of Spirits: Khenash-an,

the Staff of Spirits,
is used by Arkhan to empower the spells he casts.

Add the Staff of Spirits value shown on this
model’s damage table to casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for this model. In addition,

this model can attempt
to cast Arcane Bolt and
Mystic Shield any number of times in the same
hero phase, even if another WIZARD has already
attempted to cast the spell in that phase.

roll needed to cause them by 1 each time, until
either no wounds are inflicted or the target unit
is destroyed. A roll of 1 always fails to inflict a
mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITIES

First of the Mortarchs: Arkhan’s mastery of the

dread art of necromancy is superior to even that
of his fellow Mor tarchs. He is so steeped in deathly
sorcery that his presence bolsters the skill of those
wizards around him.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase if this model is on the
battlefield. If you do so, until the end of that
phase you can add 6" to the range of spells cast
by friendly DEATH WIZARDS while they are
within 18" of this model. You cannot pick the
same unit to benefit from this command ability
more than once per hero phase.

Mortarch of Sacrament: Arkhan is the most

trusted of Nagash’s
followers, and as such knows
the secrets of his unholy necromantic rites.

At the start of your hero phase, if this model is
on the battlefield you can pick up to 4 different
friendly SUMMONABLE units or friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units, in any

combination,
that are wholly within 24" of this
model. For each of those units, you can either
heal up to 3 wounds allocated to that unit or,
if
no wounds are allocated to it, you can return
a number of slain models to that unit with a
combined Wounds characteristic of 3 or less.

MAGIC

Arkhan the Black is a WIZARD. He can attempt
to cast 3 spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 3 spells in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Curse
of Years spells.

Curse of Years: Tracing a spiteful gesture in
the air, Arkhan curses the enemy to age at an
incredible rate.

Curse of Years has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster that is visible to them and roll 10 dice.
For each 6, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound and
you can roll an extra dice. For each 5+ on these
extra dice, the target suffers 1 mortal wound
and you can roll another dice. Now,
for each
4+, the target suffers 1 mortal wound and you
can roll another dice. Keep rolling dice in this
way,
inflicting mortal wounds and reducing the

KEYWORDS

DEATH, SKELETON, DEATHLORDS, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, MORTARCH, ARKHAN


PAGEBREAK
12"

WARSCROLL

ARCH-KAVALOS ZANDTOS

7

3+

10

Arch-Kavalos Zandtos

Known and feared as the Dark Lance of Ossia, Zandtos has a burning hatred for the
living that Nagash has stoked to the point of obsession. Those with the temerity to
invade Shyish bear the fu l l brunt of his undying wrath.

MELEE WEAPONS

The Dark Lance
Nadirite Battle-shield
Hooves, Teeth and Barbed Tails

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
1
6

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Arch-Kavalos Zandtos is a named character that
is a single model. He is armed with the Dark
Lance and a Nadirite Battle-shield.

MOUNT: Zandtos’ Kavalos steed attacks with its
Hooves, Teeth and Barbed Tails.

The Dark Lance: The spear that Zandtos w ields
can inflict truly terrible wounds on the charge.

The Dark Lance has a Damage characteristic of 3
instead of 2 if this model made a charge move in
the same turn.

Hatred of the L iving: Zandtos has a deep

loathing of all
living creatures, especially those
who are followers of the Chaos Gods.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by this
model that target ORDER and DESTRUCTION
units. You can re-roll any wound rolls for attacks
made by this model that target CHAOS units.

Unstoppable Charge: When a Kavalos steed

charges the foe, it can use its size and weight to
smash the enemy to the ground and crush them
beneath its nadirite-shod hooves.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a number of dice equal to the charge roll for
that charge move. For each 6, that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound. In addition, this model
can move an extra 3" when it piles in if it made a
charge move in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Endless Duty : The serv ice an Ossiarch Boneaper
owes their liege never, ever ends; if so ordered, they
will continue striking at the foe with relentless
regularity until no one is left to oppose them.

You can use this command ability in your
shooting phase or any combat phase. If you do

so, pick 1 friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

unit that is wholly within 12" of a model with
this command ability. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of weapons used by that unit in
that phase. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

Still Their Breath!: Zandtos can inspire the
hatred he harbours for mor tals within those whom
he commands.

You can use this command ability in your
shooting phase or any combat phase. If you do
so, pick 1 friendly MORTIS PRAETORIANS unit
that is wholly within 24" of this model. Re-roll
wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by that unit
that target ORDER and DESTRUCTION units.
You can re-roll any wound rolls for attacks made
by that unit that target CHAOS units.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTIS PRAETORIANS, LIEGE, HERO,
ARCH-KAVALOS ZANDTOS


PAGEBREAK
10"

WARSCROLL

LIEGE-KAVALOS

7

3+

10

Liege-Kavalos

A Liege-Kavalos is a cavalr y commander of uncanny sk i l l and resilience. At a harsh
order he can drive his Bonereapers to redouble their attack, hacking into the enemy
ranks even as he fells dangerous foes with his commander’s blade and battle-shield.

MELEE WEAPONS

Commander’s Blade
Nadirite Battle-shield
Hooves, Teeth and Barbed Tails

Range

1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
1
6

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Liege-Kavalos is a single model armed with a
Commander’s Blade and Nadirite Battle-shield.

MOUNT: This model’s Kavalos steed attacks
with its Hooves, Teeth and Barbed Tails.

ABILITIES

Unstoppable Charge: When a Kavalos steed

charges the foe, it can use its size and weight to
smash the enemy to the ground and crush them
beneath its nadirite-shod hooves.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a number of dice equal to the charge roll for
that charge move. For each 6, that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound. In addition, this model
can move an extra 3" when it piles in if it made a
charge move in the same turn.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Endless Duty : The serv ice an Ossiarch Boneaper
owes their liege never, ever ends; if so ordered, they
will continue striking at the foe with relentless
regularity until no one is left to oppose them.

You can use this command ability in your
shooting phase or any combat phase. If you do

so, pick 1 friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

unit that is wholly within 12" of a model with
this command ability. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of weapons used by that unit in
that phase. You cannot pick the same unit to
benefit from this command ability more than
once per phase.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, LIEGE, HERO, LIEGE-KAVALOS


PAGEBREAK
5"

WARSCROLL

MORTISAN BONESHAPER

5

4+

10

Mortisan Boneshaper

The Boneshaper’s art is that of creation, not destruction. Though their ossified talons
can rake through flesh, and though they can summon a gale of sharp bone splinters at
w i l l, they focus their efforts on regenerating the Ossiarch regiments around them.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ossified Talons

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Mortisan Boneshaper is a single model armed
with Ossified Talons.

ABILITIES

Boneshaper : The caster uses their arcane ar ts
to form shattered bones into new Ossiarch
Bonereaper constructs.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS unit within 6" of

this model. You can either heal up to 3 wounds
that have been allocated to that unit or,
if no
wounds have been allocated to the unit, you can
return a number of slain models to it that have a
combined Wounds characteristic of 3 or less.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Shard-storm spells.

Shard-storm: The caster conjures forth a great
cloud of bone-shards and hurls them at the foe.

Shard-storm has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit and roll 1
dice for each model from that unit that is within
18" of the caster and visible to them. For each 6,
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTISAN, HERO, WIZARD, MORTISAN BONESHAPER

Mortisan Soulreaper

5

5"

10

4+

WARSCROLL

MORTISAN SOULREAPER

The Soulreapers are the most destructive members of the Mortisan order. It is their
role to cut the souls from the enemy with their magical sc ythes, though at need they
can discharge a blast of captured spirit energy to destroy nearby foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Soulreaper Sc ythe

Range

2"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A Mortisan Soulreaper is a single model armed
with a Soulreaper Scythe.

ABILITIES

Deathly Touch: Even the smallest cut from
a soulreaper scythe can steal the soul from a
victim’s body.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Soulreaper Scythe is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Soulreaper : A soulreaper scythe can be swung
in great sweeping arcs that cut down the enemy
like grass.

Soul-blast: The caster draws upon the power
of captured souls to unleash a wave of necrotic
energy that engulfs nearby foes.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
a Soulreaper Scythe if the target unit has 5 or
more models.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Soul-blast spells.

Soul-blast has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, you can either roll 1 dice for each enemy
unit within 3" of the caster or roll 1 dice for 1
enemy unit within 18" of the caster that is visible
to them. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-3, that
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 4+, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTISAN, HERO, WIZARD, MORTISAN SOULREAPER


PAGEBREAK
6

5+

5"

10

WARSCROLL

MORTISAN SOULMASON

Mortisan Soulmason

Captive souls are fodder for the most gifted of the Mortisan spirit-crafters. Borne to
war upon thrones of bodily remains with their own vicious animus, the Soulmasons
focus the animating energies of necromancy into their Bonereaper creations.

MELEE WEAPONS

Soulmason’s Staff
Ossified Claws

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Mortisan Soulmason is a single model armed
with a Soulmason’s Staff.

MOUNT: This model’s Mortek Throne attacks
with its Ossified Claws.

model can attempt
to cast Soul-guide even if a
casting attempt has already been made for that
spell in the same phase. On a 6, this model can
attempt
to cast Soul-guide D3 more times even if
a casting attempt has already been made for that
spell in the same phase.

Soul-guide: The caster empowers and focuses the
souls that animate a nearby regiment of Ossiarch
Bonereaper warriors.

Soul-guide has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS unit wholly within 24" of the
caster that is visible to them. You can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for attacks made by that unit until your
next hero phase.

ABILITIES

Mortek Throne: The throne upon which a
Soulmason sits is saturated with arcane power
channelled from Nagashizzar.

At the end of your hero phase, roll a dice for this
model. On a 1, nothing happens. On a 2-5, this

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Soul-guide spells.

Vokmortian, Master of the Bone-tithe

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTISAN, HERO, WIZARD, MORTISAN SOULMASON

KEYWORDS

6

5"

10

5+

WARSCROLL

VOKMORTIAN

MASTER OF THE BONE-TITHE

It is Vokmortian’s
task to oversee the har vesting of bones for the Ossiarch legions, a
duty he undertakes with ruthless, calculating precision. Those who defy the w i l l of the
Great Necromancer are cut down with flesh-withering bolts of necromantic magic.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Gaze of Death

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of Retribution

Range

12"

Range

2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

2+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

Vokmortian, Master of the Bone-tithe is a named
character that is a single model. He is armed with
the Staff of Retribution and the Gaze of Death.

ABILITIES

Contract of Nagash: A contract of Nagash binds
the signatory to Vokmortian’s
command.

At the start of the combat phase, roll a dice.
On a 5+, you can pick 1 enemy model within 3"
of VOKMORTIAN . That enemy model cannot
attack VOKMORTIAN in that combat phase.

Grim Warnings: The heads of those that dared to
disobey Vokmortian hang from his staff.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 12" of this
model, and subtract 1 from unbinding rolls for
WIZARDS attempting to unbind a spell cast by
this model. If an enemy general is slain within 3"
of this model, for the rest of the battle subtract
2 from the Bravery of enemy units within 12"
of this model instead of 1, and subtract 2 from
unbinding rolls for WIZARDS attempting to
unbind a spell cast by this model instead of 1.

MAGIC

Vokmortian is a WIZARD. He can attempt to cast
2 spells in your hero phase and attempt to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. He knows the
Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Mortal Touch spells.

Mortal Touch: Dark light surrounds the caster’s
fingers, and one touch means death.

Mortal Touch has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy model within 1"
of the caster that is visible to them and roll a dice.
On a 5+, that model is slain. The range of this
spell cannot be modified.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTIS PRAETORIANS, HERO, WIZARD, VOKMORTIAN


PAGEBREAK
1

4+

4"

10

WARSCROLL

MORTEK GUARD

Mortek Guard

The Mortek Guard are soul-constructs created to dominate the battlefield. Armed
with life-draining nadirite weapons and shaped from impenetrable osseous armour,
they grind the enemy to dust beneath their relentless march.

MELEE WEAPONS

Nadirite Blade
Nadirite Spear
Soulcleaver Greatblade

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
2
2

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

4+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Mortek Guard has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Nadirite Blade and
Shield; or Nadirite Spear and Shield. 1 in every
10 models can replace the unit’s weapon option
with a Soulcleaver Greatblade.

NECROPHOROS: 1 in every 10 models in
this unit can be a Necrophoros. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for a unit that includes
any Necrophoroi.

MORTEK HEKATOS: 1 model in this unit
can be a Mortek Hekatos. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s melee weapon.

ABILITIES

Nadirite Weapons: Nadirite weapons can steal
an opponent’s
life-force.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this unit’s Nadirite Blades or Nadirite Spears is 6,
that attack scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Shieldwall: At their leader’s command,
the regiment
locks their shields to form an
impenetrable barrier.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
MORTEK GUARD unit that includes a Mortek
Hekatos. You can re-roll save rolls for attacks
that target that unit until the end of that
combat phase.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MORTEK GUARD


PAGEBREAK
12"

3

4+

WARSCROLL

KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS

10

Kavalos Deathriders

The heavy cavalr y of the Ossiarch Bonereaper legions, the Kavalos Deathriders are
expert riders mounted on macabre armoured steeds. They clatter into the foe in a
wedge formation, breaking battlelines with every ferocious charge.

MELEE WEAPONS

Nadirite Blade
Nadirite Spear
Hooves and Teeth

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

3
3
2

To Hit

3+
3+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
3+

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kavalos Deathriders can have any
number of models. The unit is armed with one
of the following weapon options: Nadirite Blade
and Shield; or Nadirite Spear and Shield.

MOUNT: This unit’s Kavalos Steeds attack with
their Hooves and Teeth.

NECROPHOROS: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Necrophoros. Add 1 to run
rolls and charge rolls for a unit that includes
any Necrophoroi.

MORTEK HEKATOS: 1 model in this unit
can be a Mortek Hekatos. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Nadirite Blade or
Nadirite Spear.

ABILITIES

COMMAND ABILITIES

Nadirite Weapons: Nadirite weapons can steal
an opponent’s
life-force.

Deathrider Wedge: Kavalos Deathriders can
charge in a deadly arrowhead formation.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this unit’s Nadirite Blades or Nadirite Spears is
6, that attack scores 2 hits on the target instead
of 1. Make a wound and save roll for each hit.
For attacks made with Nadirite Spears, 2 hits are
scored on a 5+ instead of 6 if this unit made a
charge move in the same turn.

You can use this command ability when a

friendly KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS unit that

includes a Mortek Hekatos finishes a charge
move. You can pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of

that KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS unit and roll a

number of dice equal to the number of models in

that KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS unit. For each

5+, the enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound. In
addition, in the following combat phase, that

KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS unit can move an

extra 3" when it piles in.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, KAVALOS DEATHRIDERS


PAGEBREAK
5"

WARSCROLL

IMMORTIS GUARD

4

3+

10

Immortis Guard

Towering over the rank and file Bonereapers, the Immortis Guard form a tough
physical bulwark around the leaders of the Ossiarch cohorts. Those who come too
close are hurled back by shields, then swiftly impaled on spiked halberds.

MELEE WEAPONS

Dread Halberd
Nadirite Battle-shield

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2
-

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Immortis Guard can have any number
of models, each armed with a Dread Halberd and
Nadirite Battle-shield.

Deadly Combination: An Immortis Guard can

send a foe staggering with a blow from their shield
and exploit the opening with a follow-up strike
from their halberd.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Nadirite Battle-shield is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Soulbound Protectors: Immortis Guard will use

their own bodies to shield their rulers from harm
if necessary.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Crushing Assault: At an unspoken command,
the Immortis Guard attack as one, striking down
whole ranks of the foe before advancing in lock-
step and then using their shields to crush their
prone and reeling opponents.

You can use this command ability in your
combat phase after a friendly IMMORTIS
GUARD unit has fought in that phase for the
first time. If you do so, if that unit is within 3" of
an enemy unit, it can make a pile-in move and
then attack with its Nadirite Battle-shields for a
second time.

Roll a dice before you allocate a wound or mortal

wound to a friendly OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

HERO while it is within 3" of any friendly units
with this ability. On a 2+, you must allocate that
wound or mortal wound to a friendly unit with
this ability that is within 3" of that OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS HERO instead of allocating it to

that OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS HERO.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, HEKATOS, IMMORTIS GUARD


PAGEBREAK
4

4+

6"

10

WARSCROLL

NECROPOLIS STALKERS

Necropolis Stalkers

Four-armed horrors that possess the gestalt essence of master duellists, Necropolis
Stalkers leap and spin into battle with terrify ing speed, switching stance and form in
the blink of an eye as they dismember their foes.

MELEE WEAPONS

Dread Falchions
Spirit Blades

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
5

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Necropolis Stalkers has any number of
models, each armed with Spirit Blades. 1 in every
3 models can replace their Spirit Blades with
Dread Falchions.

Quadrarch Aspects: Stalkers are imbued with
a power ful skill by whichever of their four skulls
faces the foe.

At the start of each combat phase, you must pick
one of the following aspects for this unit. The
rule for that aspect applies to this unit until the
end of that phase.

Blade-strike Aspect: You can re-roll hit rolls for
attacks made by this unit.

Blade-parry Aspect: You can re-roll save rolls for
attacks that target this unit.

Destroyer Aspect: You can re-roll wound rolls for
attacks made by this unit.

Precision Aspect: Improve the Rend and Damage
characteristics of this unit’s melee weapons by 1.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Hunt and Ki l l: Necropolis Stalkers have an
unnatural ability to track and kill their quarry.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
NECROPOLIS STALKERS unit. You can re-roll
run and charge rolls for that unit until your next
hero phase. In addition, until your next hero
phase, when that unit makes a move,
it can pass
across terrain features in the same manner as a
model that can fly.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, HEKATOS, NECROPOLIS STALKERS


PAGEBREAK
6

4+

9"

10

WARSCROLL

MORGHAST ARCHAI

Morghast Archai

The Morghast Archai were crafted by Nagash himself to act as both personal guard
and executioners. They soar into battle like omens of death, ignoring the feeble strikes
and missiles that deflect from their soul-forged armour.

MELEE WEAPONS

Spirit Halberd
Spirit Swords

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
5

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

3
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Morghast Archai has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Spirit Halberd; or
Spirit Swords.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Heralds of the Accursed One: The knowledge

that the Morghasts are heralds of Nagash fills
their foes with fear.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 6" of any
friendly MORGHASTS .

Ebon-wrought Armour : The magically forged

armour worn by Morghast Archai can turn aside
arcane attacks.

Each time you allocate a mortal wound to this
unit, roll a dice. On a 5+, that mortal wound
is negated.

Morghast Harbingers

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORGHAST, DEATHLORDS, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, HEKATOS, MORGHAST ARCHAI

6

9"

10

4+

WARSCROLL

MORGHAST HARBINGERS

Morghast Harbingers are used as swift-striking shock troops in the Ossiarch legions,
darting in with terrify ing speed for such monstrous creatures. They descend from the
skies like macabre angels, then butcher the foe with their darksome blades.

MELEE WEAPONS

Spirit Halberd
Spirit Swords

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

3
5

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

3
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Morghast Harbingers has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Spirit Halberd; or
Spirit Swords.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Heralds of the Accursed One: The knowledge

that the Morghasts are heralds of Nagash fills
their foes with fear.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 6" of any
friendly MORGHASTS .

Harbingers of Death: Morghast Harbingers hurl
themselves at the foe with unbridled ferocity.

You can attempt
to charge with this unit if it is
within 18" of the enemy instead of 12". Roll 3D6
instead of 2D6 when making a charge roll for
this unit.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, MORGHAST, DEATHLORDS, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, HEKATOS, MORGHAST HARBINGERS


PAGEBREAK
4"

12

4+

WARSCROLL

MORTEK CRAWLER

10

Mortek Crawler

An unliving arti l ler y piece that moves with centipedal ripples as it creeps towards the
perfect vantage point, the Mortek Crawler is a dread catapult that can fire a variety of
unnatural ammunition types. Each brings its own hideous brand of death.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Dread Catapult - Necrotic Sku l ls
Dread Catapult - Cauldron of Torment
Dread Catapult - Cursed Stele

MELEE WEAPONS

Crawler Tools

Range

6"-36"
6"-36"
6"-36"

Range

1"

To Hit

2+

Attacks

3
1
1

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

See below
See below

Damage

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Necrotic Skulls

5
4
3
2
1

Cauldron of Torment

-
-
-1
-1
-2

Cursed Stele

-3
-1
-
+1
+3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Mortek Crawler is a single model armed with a
Dread Catapult.

CREW: This model has a crew of Mortek
Engineers that attack with Crawler Tools. For
rules purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

Dread Catapult: The crew of a Mortek Crawler
can load the catapult arm with a variety of
ammunition types depending upon the nature of
the target.

Before shooting with a Dread Catapult, choose
either the Necrotic Skulls, Cauldron of Torment
or Cursed Stele weapon characteristics for that
attack. Each Dread Catapult can only make 1
Cauldron of Torment and 1 Cursed Stele attack
per battle.

Cauldron of Torment: Do not use the attack

sequence for an attack made with a Cauldron of
Torment.
Instead, pick 1 enemy unit that is in
range of the attack and roll 1 dice for each model
in the target unit. Add the modifier for Cauldron
of Torment shown on the damage table above to
each roll. If the result is equal to or greater than
the unmodified Bravery characteristic of the
target unit, 1 model from that unit is slain.

Cursed Stele: Do not use the attack sequence
for an attack made with a Cursed Stele. Instead,
pick 1 enemy model that is in range of the attack
and roll 2D6. Add the modifier for Cursed Stele
shown on the damage table above to the roll. If
the result is equal to or greater than the Wounds
characteristic of the target,
it is slain.

Designer’s Comment: Note that the chance of
slaying the target of a Cursed Stele increases as the
attacking model suffers damage.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, WAR MACHINE, MORTEK CRAWLER


PAGEBREAK
6"

WARSCROLL

GOTHIZZAR HARVESTER

10

4+

10

Gothizzar Harvester

The Gothizzar Harvester collects the remains of the slain, stripping them of flesh and
storing them in a gaping cage of bone on its back. They bludgeon and cleave those in
reach of their primar y arms even as their secondar y limbs gather the dead.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Death’s Head Maw

MELEE WEAPONS

Soulcleaver Sick les
Soulcrusher Bludgeons
Ossified Hooves and Tail

Range

Range

1"
1"
2"

Attacks

4

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Hit

3+
3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-2
-1

Damage

1

Damage

2
2
2

Wounds Suffered

Death’s Head Maw

Ossified Hooves and Tail

Soulcleaver Sickles or
Soulcrusher Bludgeons

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

16"
14"
12"
8"
4"

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Gothizzar Harvester is a single model armed
with one of the following weapon options:
Soulcrusher Bludgeons, Ossified Hooves and
Tail, and Death’s Head Maw ; or Soulcleaver
Sickles, Ossified Hooves and Tail, and Death’s
Head Maw.

ABILITIES

Bone Har vest: This terrify ing construct collects
the bones of the slain, using them to heal itself,
reconstruct nearby Ossiarch Bonereapers or make
new constructs once the battle is over.

Roll a dice each time a model is slain within 3"
of this model. On a 4+, you can pick 1 friendly

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS unit within 6" of

this model. If you do so, and the slain model had
a Wounds characteristic of 4 or less, you can heal
1 wound allocated to that unit; if the slain model
had a Wounds characteristic of 5-9, you can heal
up to D3 wounds allocated to that unit; or if the
slain model had a Wounds characteristic of 10 or
more, you can heal up to D6 wounds allocated to
that unit. If there are no wounds allocated to the
unit you pick, you can return a number of slain
models to that unit with a combined Wounds
characteristic that is equal to or less than the
number of wounds you could have healed.

Soulcrusher Bludgeons: If a Soulcrusher

Bludgeon strikes a target full-on, the impact of
the blow can drive the target’s very soul from
their body.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Soulcrusher Bludgeons is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Soulcleaver Sick les: Soulcleaver Sickles can
cut down whole ranks of warriors with a single
scything blow.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
Soulreaver Sickles if the target unit has 5 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

DEATH, OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS, MONSTER, GOTHIZZAR HARVESTER


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

NIGHTMARE PREDATOR

Nightmare Predator

The Nightmare Predator is a looming conjuration of Shyishan magic that takes the form of a disturbing terror.
Bonded to its caster,
it floats eerily through the air towards its master’s chosen prey,
lacerating the flesh of its
screaming victims with claws the size of sick les before stripping them to the bone.

DESCRIPTION

A Nightmare Predator is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Nightmare Predator is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 2D6"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Nightmare Predator : The caster

manifests a terrify ing nightmare to punish
their foes.

Summon Nightmare Predator has a casting value

of 7. Only OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS WIZARDS

Soul-linked: A soul-linked spell
is directly
connected to the consciousness of its caster.

This spell is soul-linked to the caster. When
predatory endless spells are moved at the start
of the battle round, any that are soul-linked to
a caster are moved first, followed by any endless
spells that are not. Soul-linked spells are always
moved by the player whose army includes the
caster the spell is soul-linked to. The player that
won the roll-off to determine who moves an
endless spell first must move all their soul-linked
spells first, followed by their opponent.

ABILITIES

Perpetual Hunter : The only way to stop a

Nightmare Predator is to slay its caster before it
kills you.

When this model is set up, the player who set
it up can pick 1 enemy HERO as its prey and
then immediately make a move with this model.
If this model’s prey is destroyed, this model
is dispelled.

Death Incarnate: A Nightmare Predator is
cer tain doom to any who get in its way.

can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Nightmare Predator model wholly within
6" of the caster and visible to them.

Soulstealer Carrion

You must subtract 1 from casting rolls for a
WIZARD that is soul-linked to an endless spell.
A caster cannot be soul-linked to more than one
endless spell at the same time. If the caster is
slain, then any endless spell they are soul-linked
to is dispelled.

After this model moves, roll a dice for each unit
within 3" of it. On a 2+, that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. If that unit was this model’s prey, on a 2+
it suffers D6 mortal wounds instead of D3 mortal

wounds. OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS units are

not affected by this ability.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, NIGHTMARE PREDATOR

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

SOULSTEALER CARRION

The Soulstealer Carrion is a soul-linked construct that soars from its caster’s spread fingertips to take wing above the
battlefield. Its caster can see through the avian conjuration’s eyes; when it perceives spiritual energy unclaimed, it w i l l
swoop down to capture it and either channel it back to its caster or blast it outwards to harm those enemies nearby.

DESCRIPTION

A Soulstealer Carrion is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Soulstealer Carrion is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 16" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Soulstealer Carrion: The caster

gestures to the heavens and conjures up a ghostly
winged creature.

Summon Soulstealer Carrion has a casting value

of 6. Only OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS WIZARDS

can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Soulstealer Carrion model anywhere on
the battlefield that is visible to the caster.

Soul-linked: A soul-linked spell
is directly
connected to the consciousness of its caster.

This spell is soul-linked to the caster. When
predatory endless spells are moved at the start
of the battle round, any that are soul-linked to
a caster are moved first, followed by any endless
spells that are not. Soul-linked spells are always
moved by the player whose army includes the
caster the spell is soul-linked to. The player that
won the roll-off to determine who moves an
endless spell first must move all their soul-linked
spells first, followed by their opponent.

You must subtract 1 from casting rolls for a
WIZARD that is soul-linked to an endless spell.
A caster cannot be soul-linked to more than one
endless spell at the same time. If the caster is
slain, then any endless spell they are soul-linked
to is dispelled.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SOULSTEALER CARRION

ABILITIES

Soul Thief: This ethereal monstrosity can capture
the depar ting souls of those slain nearby, using the
energy to heal its master or blast its foes.

At the end of each phase, roll a dice if any

CHAOS , DESTRUCTION or ORDER models

were slain within 6" of this model during
that phase. On a 1-2, heal 1 wound allocated
to the caster soul-linked to this model. On a
3-4,
inflict 1 mortal wound on each CHAOS ,
DESTRUCTION or ORDER unit within 6" of this
model. On a 5-6, do both of these things.

Second Sight: A wizard that is soul-linked to a
Soulstealer Carrion can see through its eyes.

Anything visible to this model is also visible to
the caster that is soul-linked to this model.


PAGEBREAK
ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BONE-TITHE SHRIEKER

Bone-tithe Shrieker

The Bone-tithe Shrieker is a four-headed, all-seeing monstrosity conjured to hunt down those who would escape
the Ossiarch tithe. When it locates its quarr y it w i l l give vent to an awful, mind-chilling scream that dulls the
wits and shivers the bones of those living creatures nearby, making them easy prey for the Ossiarchs themselves.

DESCRIPTION

A Bone-tithe Shrieker is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Bone-tithe Shrieker is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bone-tithe Shrieker : The caster calls

forth an apparition that will guide them to their
next feast of bones.

Summon Bone-tithe Shrieker has a casting value

of 5. Only OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS WIZARDS

can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Bone-tithe Shrieker model wholly within
12" of the caster and visible to them.

Soul-linked: A soul-linked spell
is directly
connected to the consciousness of its caster.

This spell is soul-linked to the caster. When
predatory endless spells are moved at the start
of the battle round, any that are soul-linked to
a caster are moved first, followed by any endless
spells that are not. Soul-linked spells are always
moved by the player whose army includes the
caster the spell is soul-linked to. The player that
won the roll-off to determine who moves an
endless spell first must move all their soul-linked
spells first, followed by their opponent.

You must subtract 1 from casting rolls for a
WIZARD that is soul-linked to an endless spell.
A caster cannot be soul-linked to more than one
endless spell at the same time. If the caster is
slain, then any endless spell they are soul-linked
to is dispelled.

ABILITIES

Portent of Doom: Learned men know that
when a Bone-tithe Shrieker appears, an army of
Ossiarch Bonereapers cannot be far behind.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery of units while
they are within 12" of this model. OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS units are not affected by
this ability.

No Escape: Enemies cannot hide when a Bone-
tithe Shrieker is nearby.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by OSSIARCH
BONEREAPERS units that target a unit that is
within 12" of this model.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BONE-TITHE SHRIEKER


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that
has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by an Ossiarch Bonereapers army.
Updated November 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication
date or no publication date.

OSSIARCH BONEREAPERS

UNIT

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Unique

Unique

Unique

Unique

Unique

Kavalos Deathriders
Mortek Guard
Mortek Crawler
Gothizzar Harvester
Arch-Kavalos Zandtos
Katakros, Mortarch of
the Necropolis
Liege-Kavalos
Mortisan Boneshaper
Mortisan Soulmason
Mortisan Soulreaper
Vokmortian, Master of
the Bone-tithe
Arkhan the Black, Mortarch
of Sacrament
Nagash, Supreme Lord of
the Undead
Immortis Guard
Morghast Archai
Morghast Harbingers
Necropolis Stalkers

Aegis Immortal
Katakrosian Deathglaive
Kavalos Lance
Mortek Ballistari
Mortek Shield-corps
Mor tisan Trident
Ossiarch Cohor t
Soulstealer Carrion
Bone-tithe Shrieker
Nightmare Predator
Bone-tithe Nexus

FACTION

Ossiarch Bonereapers

ALLIES

None

5
10
1
1
1

1

1
1
1
1

1

1

1

3
2
2
3

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

15
40
1
1
1

1

1
1
1
1

1

1

1

12
6
6
6

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

180/480
130/440
200
200
220

Battleline
Battleline
Artillery, Behemoth
Behemoth
Leader

500

200
130
140
120

180

360

880

200
210
210
200

80
80
120
100
120
110
100
20
30
40
0

Leader

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader

Leader, Behemoth

Leader, Behemoth

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR
CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath the
iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous deities
once believed their final victory to be near, yet they
have underestimated the forces of Order that stand
against them. Across the realms, bolts of energy
deliver Sigmar’s heroic Stormcast Eternals into battle
as the Pantheon of Order gathers its strength. With
new cities and fortresses raised in the wake of each
conquest, civilisation takes root once more. Yet from
the shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of Citadel
Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps of the
Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring your
Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on the
tabletop.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked in a
hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?


PAGEBREAK
DEATH BATTLETOME:
FLESH-EATER COURTS

Bound by the madness of their kings, the Flesh-eater Courts surge
across the land in search of their next grisly feast.

Once noble denizens of the Mortal Realms, the mordants of the
Flesh-eater Courts now scrabble amongst the ruins of their decayed
civilisations. In their deranged minds they believe themselves to be
knights and men-at-arms, defending their kingdoms against hostile
invaders, but in truth they are savage cannibals, driven by the vampiric
insanity of their abhorrants to depraved acts of slaughter.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed with
inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume explores all
kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy Warhammer Age
of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY CORE BOOK

From across the Mortal Realms, disparate warbands make the dark
pilgrimage to the Eightpoints. The cursed and the damned are
drawn by the Call of the Everchosen. These cannibal tribespeople,
tyrannical despots and ambitious cut-throats have dedicated their
souls to the Chaos Gods. They now seek to earn the favour of mighty
Archaon, Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse, and a place
within his unholy legions. Yet others also brave the monster-haunted
wilds of this cursed domain – questing knights, tormented spirits,
battle-obsessed brutes and countless more. Some are driven by duty,
others by avarice or an overwhelming desire for revenge.

Warcry is a tabletop skirmish wargame in which two or more players
control rival warbands of Citadel Miniatures, each with their own
unique weapons, warriors and abilities. This book contains the
core rules for Warcry, as well as rules for open play, narrative play,
matched play and more. Inside, you will also find information on
the Eightpoints and its twisted denizens, along with an inspiring
miniatures showcase.


PAGEBREAK
