Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
To some they are the uncompromising, unfeeling
vengeance of the heavens. To others they are a race
of bloodthirsty reptilian monsters marching forth
from the steaming jungles to bring death to those
who would intrude upon their sacred grounds.
Yet the Seraphon are both these things, and more
besides. They are the true children of Azyr,
filled
with the light of the stars, and they fight to enact a
cosmic plan that spans all of creation.

From meditation chambers deep within void-faring
ziggurats, the Slann Starmasters, servants of the
mysterious Old Ones, seek to cast down the Ruinous
Powers themselves. Few understand the Seraphon,
for to mortal eyes their wars can seem fickle and
strange. They fight not for territory, nor for gold or
even the sheer joy of battle. Every action they take
is dedicated solely to the destruction of Chaos,
every warrior or army sacrificed part of a greater
plan. Such is little comfort to those who die under
the heavens-blessed blades of the Seraphon,
for the
blood of these reptilian creatures runs cold, and they
are remorseless in carrying out the commands of
their masters.

In battle the hosts of the Seraphon present a striking
image. Hulking warriors with iron-hard scales carve
a trail of single-minded destruction, while their
smaller, swifter kin burst from every shadow to
assail the foe. Marching alongside them are terrifying
primeval giants, each fashioned by the Seraphon into
a deadly weapon. All
these reptilian creatures fight
under the command of their celestial priest-lords;
these mages cast their eyes to Azyr even as they
harness the power of the realms themselves, reading
the patterns of the stars.

Though the years grow darker, these most ardent
foes of Chaos have not faltered in their duty. The
Soul Wars have rocked the heavens to their core, yet
one portent remains clear.

The time of deliberation is over. Now comes the age
of annihilation.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

2

CONTENTS

REPTILIAN MA JESTY .........4

WARRIORS OF THE STARS.......8

Masters of Order ...........................10
Temple-cities..................................12

STRENGTH FROM
THE STARS.................................14

Dracothion’s Tail...........................16
Fangs of Sotek ................................17
Koatl’s Claw ...................................18
The Thunder Lizard ......................19

AEONS OF WAR .......................20

Slann Starmasters .........................22
Champions of the Seraphon........24
Primal Savagery ............................26
Priests of the Seraphon ................28
Hunting Packs ...............................30
Predatory Fury ..............................32
Wrath of the Cosmos ...................34

COSMIC GLORY ...............38

WILL OF THE OLD ONES . . . . . . .48

PAINTING YOUR
SERAPHON ...............................50

CELESTIAL MIGHT ...........54

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ........55

Battle Traits....................................55
Command Traits ...........................57
Artefacts of Power ........................58
Spell Lores and
Bound Endless Spells ...................60

Realmshaper Engine ....................62
Dracothion’s Tail...........................64
Fangs of Sotek ................................65
Koatl’s Claw ...................................66
The Thunder Lizard ......................67
Battleplan: The Tables Turned . . . .68

PATH TO GLORY.......................70

Seraphon Warband Tables...........72

WARSCROLLS............................74

Eternal Temple-host .....................74
Sunclaw Temple-host ...................75
Firelance Temple-host ..................75
Shadowstrike Temple-host ..........75
Thunderquake Temple-host . . . . . . . .75
Eternal Starhost.............................76
Sunclaw Starhost ...........................77
Firelance Starhost .........................77
Shadowstrike Starhost .................77
Thunderquake Starhost................77
Slann Starmaster ...........................78
Lord Kroak .....................................79
Saurus Oldblood ...........................80
Saurus Sunblood ...........................80
Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur . . .81
Saurus Eternity Warden ..............82
Saurus Guard .................................82
Saurus Scar-Veteran
on Carnosaur .................................83
Saurus Scar-Veteran
on Cold One ...................................84
Saurus Warriors ............................84
Saurus Astrolith Bearer ...............85
Saurus Knights ..............................85
Skink Starseer ................................86
Skink Starpriest.............................86

Skink Oracle on Troglodon .........87
Skink Priest ....................................88
Sk inks .............................................88
Chameleon Sk inks ........................89
Salamander Hunting Pack ..........89
Razordon Hunting Pack ..............90
Kroxigor .........................................90
Bastiladon ......................................91
Terradon Riders ............................92
Ripperdactyl Riders ......................92
Terradon Chief ..............................93
Ripperdactyl Chief........................93
Stegadon .........................................94
Engine of the Gods .......................95
Bound Purple Sun of Shyish . . . . . . .96
Bound Balewind Vortex...............96
Bound Ravenak’s
Gnashing Jaws ...............................97
Bound Prismatic Palisade ...........97
Bound Aethervoid Pendulum . . . . .98
Bound Suffocating Gravetide. . . . . .98
Bound Umbral Spellportal ..........99
Bound Malevolent Maelstrom . . . .99
Bound Quicksilver Swords ........100
Bound Burning Head .................100
Bound Geminids of Uhl-Gysh . . .101
Bound Chronomantic Cogs . . . . . .101
Bound Soulsnare Shackles ........102
Bound Emerald Lifeswarm . . . . . . .102

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................103

PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER STUDIO

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Order Battletome : Seraphon © Copyr ight Games Workshop Limited 2020. Order Battletome : Seraphon, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls ,
and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions , images , names , creatures , races , vehicles, locations, weapons, characters , and the d ist inct ive l ikenesses thereof, are either ® or
TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited , variably registered around the world. A l l R ights Reserved .

No part of th is publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transm itted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechan ica l , photocopying ,
recording or o therw ise , without the prior permission of the publishers .

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in th is book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidenta l .

British Cata loguing-in-Pub lication Data. A cata logue record for th is book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer ta in Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult supervision . Whatever your age, be care fu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-83906-014-4

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Even the most diabolical of foes cannot stand before the wrath of the Seraphon, for these reptilian
warriors are the might of Order given form and deadly purpose.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
REPTILIAN MAJESTY

REPTILIAN MAJESTY

4

The Seraphon are the implacable turning of the cosmos personified. No mercy lies in their hearts – only a
chillingly single-minded dedication to their goal. They are an enigmatic force in the Mortal Realms, an ancient
race from beyond the stars born from an amalgam of celestial power, alien technology and a core of pure savagery.

It is those who look to the heavens
that first realise something is amiss.
The stars appear to shine brighter,
rearranging into precisely plotted
patterns. Next comes the sound of
primeval drums, beating sonorously
on the edge of hearing. Louder and
louder they grow, the air crackling
with zephyrs of celestial power.

Then, in a flash of brilliant light,
the hosts appear. Cohorts of brutal
saurians advance in perfect lockstep,
bellowing wordless war cries and
tearing through the ranks of the
foe with blade and jaw. The ground
shakes as herds of titanic monsters
charge forth, carry ing upon their
backs weapons of strange and
terrible power. Those who attempt to
flee find their escape cut off by packs
of stealthy skirmishers and shrieking
aerial predators. Commanding them
are ancient warlords mounted on
terrifying warbeasts, and mages who
turn the cosmos themselves into a
deadly weapon. These are the armies
of the Seraphon, and few can hope to
stand before their reptilian wrath.

The term ‘Seraphon’ refers to several
subspecies of bipedal lizardfolk. They
are not born, but instead spawned,
emerging from mystical pools deep
within their golden temples. Most
numerous are the skinks , small
creatures blessed with sharp minds
and dexterous limbs. Working
alongside them are towering
crocodilians known as Kroxigor,
slow-witted brutes who can employ
their mammoth strength for days on
end when set to a task. The warrior-
caste is populated by saurus, strong
and obedient soldiers bred purely for
battle. At the apex of the Seraphon
hierarchy sit the Slann Starmasters.
Though they have the bodies of
bloated amphibians, their magical
mastery is almost unmatched. Even
an entire cabal of sorcerer-kings wi l l
struggle to match a slann in a mystic
duel, for they wield the arcane as
deftly as a champion warrior does
a blade.

Yet the slann are more than just
powerful wizards. They are the
last link the Seraphon have to their
creators – the mythical Old Ones.
Mysterious figures beyond the
knowledge of even the gods, the
Old Ones possessed a plan for all
of creation. It is the slann’s purpose
to interpret this Great Plan, and
through their wi l l every action taken
by the Seraphon race is bent towards
its completion.

THE STARLIT
AND THE SAVAGE
The Seraphon have long been active
in the Mortal Realms – throughout
the palaces and colleges of Azyrheim
stand frescos from the Age of
Myth depicting reptilian warriors
glowing with starlight. At the
beginning of the Age of Sigmar,
many who encountered the Seraphon
presumed them to be manifestations
of Azyr not entirely dissimilar to
the Stormcast Eternals. From the
heavens they came, arriving in
beams of luminescent brilliance.

The truth is somewhat more
complex. Seraphon are
fundamentally creatures of flesh and
blood, albeit with celestial magic
glimmering in their veins. The first
of their number dwelt within vast
temple-ships amid the darkness
of the aetheric void. These ships
soon found themselves drawn to
the uppermost reaches of Azyr,
where their spawning pools became

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

permeated by starlit magic. Before
long the Seraphon that emerged from
within, as well as those dwelling
within the ships themselves, were
more ak in to heavenly beings than
living creatures as most mortals
would understand them.

Many Seraphon still persist in this
fashion. Charged with the energies
of Azyr, these ‘Starborne’ exist on a
slightly different wavelength to the
other realms; their weapons crackle
with celestial fury, and when slain
they discorporate into blasts of pure
starlight. Using the translocation
portals found within their arcane
vessels, these beings strike precisely
and without mercy. It is the
slann that bind the essence of the
Starborne into reptilian form. Many
Starmasters can ‘conjure’ warriors
directly from their temple-ships with
but a gesture; to those who witness
this feat, it can seem as though the
slann are crafting these creatures
whole from the energies of the stars,
or even their thoughts alone.

The Starborne can interact with
the tangible world, but their deep
connection to Azyr prevents them
from achieving true physicality. As
the centuries have passed however,
some Seraphon temple-fleets
have descended from Azyr and
established permanent settlements
in the Mortal Realms. As a Seraphon
lingers within a realm, their inherent
Azyrite nature mixes with the
magical energy that forms that
realmsphere. Just as the different
winds of magic grew concentrated
enough over time to take on physical
form as the realms themselves,
the Starborne wi l l eventually gain
true permanence.

Known as the Coalesced, these
Seraphon have embraced their
primal instincts as the light of the
heavens fades within them. Thick
jungles spread around their landed
temple-cities, their growth hyper-
accelerated by the strange waves


PAGEBREAK
5

of power that emanate from the
arcane Realmshaper Engines that
dot their territory. Whilst they may
lack the Starborne’s mastery of space
and time, the primeval fury of the
Coalesced more than compensates.
Whether Starborne or Coalesced, all
Seraphon fight for a unified goal –
the fulfilment of the Old Ones’ Great
Plan, and the annihilation of Chaos.

MERCILESS ORDER
Chaos is the greatest foe of the
Seraphon, known to them as the
Eternal Enemy. The friezes carved
across the walls of their spawn-
sanctums tell of battles against the
Ruinous Powers that stretch back
beyond the dawn of creation itself.

It is the single-minded nature of this
crusade that has made the Seraphon
appear so strange to the other
peoples of the realms. Rarely do they
fight for territory or material gain,
and in their battle against Chaos no
quarter is ever asked for or offered.

Around flickering campfires across
the realms, countless tribes speak of
ferocious lizard-warriors descending
without warning from the heavens,
wiping out entire cultures before
disappearing just as swiftly.

These actions are not driven by
malice, but necessity; the slann are
eternally occupied with matters
celestial, and the knowledge
that they alone can be trusted to
prosecute the Great Plan weighs
heavily. Any beings who would
jeopardise strategies millennia in the
making , intentionally or otherwise,
are removed from the grand cosmic
equation with extreme prejudice.

With the slann’s powers of foresight,
many of these threats are put down
before they can truly manifest.
Rampaging orruk warclans,
Necromancers pursuing secrets best
left alone, outposts of Order destined
for madness and corruption – all
have been obliterated by the sudden
strike of a Seraphon host, never
knowing the reason behind their
demise. On occasion the Seraphon
wi l l even fight amongst themselves,
their varying methods of pursuing
the Great Plan deemed incompatible
by their Starmasters. Yet even these
internecine conflicts contribute to
triumph over the Eternal Enemy,
primeval tests of strength that ensure
only the most worthy may prosper.

Never have the Seraphon stood as
part of Sigmar’s pantheon; theirs is
a war that stretches beyond realms,
beyond the concerns of mortals or
gods. It is a war they fight alone,
pitiless yet selfless in their savage
dedication to Order and the downfall
of Chaos.

THE OLD ONES
Who, or what, the Old Ones were remains a mystery;
even the most ancient slann can only dimly recall
the great catastrophe that severed them from their
creators. All that is known for certain is that they
were beings of unfathomable intellect and power that
possessed a great design for all of creation. Long ago
they came from beyond the stars in majestic silver
ships, bringing with them favoured servants granted
a portion of their masters’ godly might. Most blessed,
and most trusted, were the original slann. It was they
who were responsible for constructing the first temples
of the Seraphon in the dim and distant past; more than
simple dwellings, these structures were designed to act
as relays and reservoirs for the power of magic, as well
as possessing great arcane technologies that would
one day transform them into the ziggurat-ships of the
Seraphon fleets.

Even the original names of these near-mythical beings
have been forgotten. The ancient plaques stored within
the vaults of the Seraphon speak of the Old Ones
and their plans, but many have been lost, damaged
throughout centuries of war, or are facsimiles
recreated by skink scribes who struggle to grasp the
cosmic intricacies of their message. In the face of
this limited knowledge many Seraphon, particularly
those that have coalesced throughout the realms, have
ascribed godly personification to the Old Ones. From
stealthy Huanchi to inscrutable Tepok these creator-

figures are venerated by their stranded children, but
their true identities remain unknown .

To the Old Ones, science and magic were one and the
same. Like a cabal of alchemists engaged in a grand
experiment, they wielded arcane power to shift the
laws of reality to suit their wi l l . The many techno-
sorcerous relics left behind by the Old Ones – from
the sunbolt gauntlets to the reality-warping power
of the Engines of the Gods – may not originally have
been intended as weapons, though what function they
served is knowledge possessed only by the Old Ones
themselves. They have, however, proven invaluable to
the Seraphon’s endless war against Chaos.

It is possible that the greatest achievement of the
Old Ones were the Realmgates; ancient Azyrite texts
mention an enigmatic race involved in their creation,
and the slann seem to possess knowledge concerning
the functioning of the inter-realm portals. They are
able to teleport their servants through the aetheric
void with a thought, or – though it requires drawing
on the deepest reserves of their power – manipulate
the Realmgate network to send enemies astray.
Throughout the Realmgate Wars the slann interceded
on several occasions to waylay those who would
menace the forces of Order – though they were careful
never to strain the network too much, perhaps wary
of the limits to their own understanding and the
instability they threatened to create.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Many times have the forces of Chaos sought to lay low the Seraphon. Yet the savage children of the Old Ones stand
forever ready to answer any such challenge. As saurian warhosts tear through the foe, the ancient technology of
their lost creators turns the power of the realms themselves into a weapon with which to further the Great Plan.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WARRIORS OF THE STARS

8

WARRIORS OF THE STARS

Many races of the Mortal Realms have only scant recollection of how they came to be. For most, the truth is buried
under layers of mythology. So it is with the Seraphon, but though much knowledge regarding this race remains
mysterious, one thing is certain: their origins lie amongst the stars.

Even the divine cannot say for
sure how the temple-ships of the
Seraphon came to the Mortal
Realms. Perhaps the slann know,
but they do not speak of it. Certainly
no saurus or skink recalls anything
before crawling from the spawning
pools deep within their star-vessels.
Those civilisations that have
encountered the Seraphon, as well as
the ever-curious skinks themselves,
hold to different beliefs concerning
the genesis of the reptilian race.
Whether any of them come close
to the truth is beyond the ken
of mortals.

Of all the human cultures of the
realms, few meditate upon the
cosmos as deeply as the venerable
Moon Monks of Hysh. The nature
of the lunar bodies within their
own realmsphere and beyond form
the obsession of this monastic
fellowship. Through their extensive

contemplations of the heavens the
Monks have, almost inadvertently,
come to possess much of the
accumulated lore on the Seraphon.
Even this does not amount to much,
but on one thing they are clear: the
slann are not native to the Mortal
Realms. In all of creation they are
alone. Thus, the Monks conclude,
the temple-ships of the Seraphon
must originate from outside the
Mortal Realms – or perhaps even
predate them.

The first Seraphon were survivors of
the destruction of the world-that-
was. The temple-cities established
across the realms are not new
constructs but merely the latest
rendition of a reptilian empire – the
vessels that comprise these cities,
and the beings that dwelt within
them, were forced to launch a great
exodus into the heavens as the world
fell. Even as the temple-vessels were

rejuvenated under the light of the
stars, however, the cold-blooded
nature of their occupants began to
tell within the lightless void.

In an effort to save at least a measure
of their servants the slann magically
compelled the majority into a state
of suspended animation; with
their temple-ships gradually losing
power around them, their arcane
energies unable to be replenished
within the aetheric void, the slann
began a lonely voyage through the
stars, meditating on how to strike
back against the powers that had
destroyed their world.

It was the godbeast Dracothion,
the celestial Great Drake, who
discovered the ice-wreathed ships
floating through the Great Nothing.
It was he who breathed the light of
the stars over them and brought their
occupants to wakefulness .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
9

Some skink scholars postulate that
the earliest Seraphon were literally
formed of Dracothion’s breath.
Others consult examples of ancient
stellar cartography of Azyr and note
the first appearances of anomalies
now known to be temple-fleets. They
believe that Dracothion re-energised
the ziggurat-vessels and gave them
the ability to independently traverse
the void, as well as inundated the
long-dormant spawning pools with
the magic of the heavens. It was this
moment that marked the creation of
true Seraphon, reborn through the
touch of Azyr.

Still others claim that as Dracothion
looked upon the fleets with curiosity,
the slann formed a telepathic
link with the godbeast. Wracked
with visions of the destruction
of the world-that-was, the Great
Drake wept silver tears – perhaps a
metaphor for the formation of flame-
lit comets or a rain of shooting stars
– that guided the slann and their
vessels to the Celestial Realm.

There may be a measure of truth in
each of these tales. Other cultures
possess their own legends as to
how the Seraphon came to be;
the shamanistic Woad Lords, for
instance, claim that hidden amongst
the uppermost reaches of Azyr is the
kingdom of the true gods, of which
the Seraphon fleets are merely scouts
and outriders.

There are even those who suggest
that the slann’s masters were in
some measure responsible for the
formation of the Mortal Realms.
Such is not beyond the bounds of
possibility, for if any beings are
mighty enough to have played a part
in binding the wild energies of magic
into physical form then it is surely
the Old Ones and their servants. The
slann’s knowledge of the Realmgates,
and how to circumvent or redirect
them in times of need, lends further
credence to this belief. Some skink
legends say that the first Seraphon
were themselves little more than
crude forms of reptilian life, uplifted

and remade to serve a new purpose
by the Old Ones. It is the nature of
the slann to manipulate lesser forms
of life in the name of the Great Plan
– under the direction of their long-
lost masters, this meddling could
well have extended to crafting the
very cosmos itself.

Unless the slann choose to reveal
the secrets of their past, it is unlikely
the whole truth shall ever be known.
It is undeniable, however, that the
Seraphon now dwell within the
high heavens of Azyr. Their star-
fleets have explored much of this
enchanted firmament, dwelling far
beyond even the golden majesty of
Sigmaron and the brilliant light of
the High Star, Sigendil. The great
temple-ships that comprise these
fleets are amongst the last surviving
relics of the world-that-was. It is
fitting therefore that within these
stellar ziggurats many Starmasters
remain, contemplating the cosmic
order and how best to bring about
the final defeat of Chaos.

ZIGGURAT SHIPS
The cosmic vessels of the Seraphon are a far cry from
the ocean-plying ships of other races. Their fleets
are more ak in to entire floating cities cast into the
heavens, replete with all manner of strange and arcane
technologies. Beneath the stately pyramids and mystic
obelisks are great star engines and world-morphing
instruments, charged with magical force to be
employed at the direction of the slann.

Ziggurat-ships typically hover within the upper
reaches of Azyr, or traverse the darkness of the
aetheric void. When the warriors within attack,
miniaturised Realmgates are opened via the
technology of the Old Ones to send the Seraphon
directly into the realms beyond. The blinding light
of these teleportation beams is often misinterpreted
as being projected directly from the stars, and
contributes to the oft-held belief that Starborne
Seraphon are entirely manifestations of Azyr.

The geometry of these fortress-ships is beyond the
understanding of mortals, though the ordered and
rational minds of the Seraphon have adapted well to
navigating their confines. Within each ziggurat-ship
the scientific mixes with the arcane and the primitive
in near-seamless fashion. Stellariums and orreries
dominate entire chambers, through which the seers of
the Seraphon observe the tapestry of the heavens and
divine the paths of the future. Glyph-covered walls are

replete with snaking circuitry. Starlit sigils of warding
mark the entrance to vast hatcheries, where rank
upon rank of eggs – the next generation of reptilian
monsters bred by the Seraphon – are incubated,
attended to by coteries of fretful skink handlers.

Most Seraphon aboard a temple-ship wi l l reside
within the world-chambers. A product of the mystic
Realmshaper Engines of the Old Ones, these environs
swelter with tropical heat, their basins filled with thick
jungle and meandering rivers. Here the Seraphon live
and hunt when not at war. From tiered balconies and
glittering star-bridges the Skink Priests observe their
kin, marking those destined for greatness.

Deep within many temple-vessels are the spawning
pools. These emerald lakes glisten with Azyrite magic,
starlight eternally dancing across their still surface.
Through turning great wheels and pressing golden
plaques in sequence, the Seraphon feed unfathomable
energies into these pools, bringing new generations
of their kin into being. The spawning pools are of
incomparable value to the Seraphon, for they are the
means through which they produce new warriors to
fight against the Eternal Enemy. Saurus champions
guard the entrance to these sacred chambers, and
many Starborne fleets choose to remain amidst the
heavens purely to ensure these engines of life are kept
beyond the greed of those astromancers and daemons
that seek to study or despoil them.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Masters of Order

10

MASTERS OF ORDER

The slann have neither forgotten nor forgiven a single cruelty wrought by the powers of Chaos, nor have they
neglected their grand mission to defeat the Ruinous Powers once and for all. Always are their minds turned to the
defeat of this most ancient foe, for such was the will of their creators, the unfathomable Old Ones.

Though they may appear somnolent
at times, the Slann Starmasters
shoulder a burden only the gods
can hope to understand. It is they
who are charged with bringing the
Great Plan to fruition. The slann’s
memories of this cosmic mission’s
particulars are hazy, perhaps in a
deliberate effort by the mage-lords to
protect themselves from the mind-
blasting horrors of the dark days that
saw the Old Ones lost. Yet although
each recalls the finer details of Great
Plan differently, all slann agree on its
purpose – the destruction of Chaos,
the Eternal Enemy.

Such a lofty goal may seem
impossible, but the slann have
had centuries to plan their war.
The powers of Chaos, by contrast,
are locked in an eternal cycle of
internecine conflict. The coming of
the Age of Sigmar has reduced the
dominion of the Ruinous Powers
over the realms, and divided the
attentions of the dark pantheon.
Even if the Chaos Gods concentrated
all their efforts upon the destruction
of the Seraphon, it is likely one of the
brothers in darkness would upset
the balance through an attempted
power grab. So are the Seraphon
able to contest with the power of
the gods themselves – a contest
in which, one day, they may even
emerge triumphant.

THE ASTROMATRIX
The favoured targets of the Seraphon
are those places where magical
energy pools, or where the ley lines
of arcane power that cross the
aetheric void – ak in in some way to
the Realmgate network, and visible
to those with mage-sight only under
illumination from the high Azyrite
star known as Sigendil – join. By
taking control of these mystic nodes
and purifying them of any lingering
Chaotic taint, the slann impose
order upon this strange web of
conjunctions that spans across – and
between – the realms.

What precisely the slann seek
through binding these arcane
sites together is unknown, save
that it must contribute in some
fashion towards the defeat of the
Eternal Enemy. It is possible that
by imposing stringent order upon
these magical wellsprings, the slann
stabilise the land against the powers
of Chaos – the aelven Wanderers
pursue a similar goal in planting
their waystones along the ley lines,
though they have just as often come
into conflict with the servants of
particularly uncompromising slann
as they have been aided by the
Seraphon. Alternatively, perhaps by
connecting these nodes the slann are
creating a reservoir of each realm’s
magical essence they can tap into;
when the stars of Azyr align, these
ley lines glow with potent sorcerous
energies that can be turned to the
wi l l of the Starmasters.

This single-minded focus has
done much to contribute to the
Seraphon’s reputation for seemingly
disproportionate vengeance. They
may permit a fortune in golden
artefacts to be taken by avaricious
treasure-hunters, but should even
a single grain of sand upon a beach
that resonates in the grand cosmic
conjuction be disturbed then violent
retribution is soon to follow.

The Seraphon’s network of magical
power is known by a variety of
names – the Astromatrix Arcane,

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

the Realmweave, the Great Web
and others besides. Some of the
skink priesthood believe that
the Astromatrix echoes a similar
construct from the long-lost home
of the Seraphon, whilst others are
adamant that its cords in fact mirror
the strange glowing circuitry that
criss-crosses the walls of their
temple-vessels. Both these notions
are in fact true, for as the Old Ones
once wrought, so must the slann
replicate within the Mortal Realms
at large.

THE TIME OF SLAIN
STARLIGHT
For all their powers of foresight, the
slann are not infallible. To catch
them unawares is a difficult task –
difficult, but not impossible.

Nagash’s necroquake, the
culmination of a centuries-spanning
plot by the god of death, shook the
realms to their core. Even Azyr
was not safe from the effects of
this aetheric shock wave. Stars
themselves began to die, blinking
from existence as a tide of amethyst
magic swept the cosmos. For the
Seraphon, tied so intrinsically to
the celestial bodies, this proved
disastrous. The infinite patience
employed by Nagash in his scheme
had rendered even the Starmasters
blind to the impending cataclysm, so
focused were they on the war against
Chaos. Entire temple-vessels went
dark as morbid energies suffused
them, their slann falling into a
deathly state as bubbling spawning
pools fell silent.

Even more troublesome was the
inversion of Shyish’s magical
polarity as a result of Nagash’s
darkling scheme, shifting the
greater concentration of that realm’s
energies from its edge to the centre
and forming the Shyish Nadir. This
proved disastrous for the arcane web
of the Astromatrix. Only through
drawing on the deepest reserves


PAGEBREAK
11

of their sorcerous strength did the
Starmasters prevent the magical
backlash tearing Shyish apart at the
seams as many of the arcane ley lines
were shredded or rewritten with
spectacular force. The dawning of
the Arcanum Optimar that followed
the necroquake, and the powerful,
lingering arcane phenomena
it created, further threatened
the Seraphon’s control over the
wellsprings of magic found across
the realms. The other races displayed
little hesitation in harnessing these
devastating sorceries; in doing
so, they threatened to plunge the
realms into an even deeper state of
magical instability.

As if to pile insult upon injury, the
Gloomspite Gitz – likely without
even realising as much – sent the
Great Plan even further awry. The
Bad Moon, their leering lunar
god, rampaged on an erratic
path through the heavens; stellar
alignments were twisted into new

and unwholesome forms, throwing
off the precise celestial calculations
of the Starmasters. Behind all these
calamities echoed the laughter of the
Dark Gods, for they took foul glee in
the setbacks of their ancient foe.

It is a testament to the unwavering
resolve of the Seraphon that they
did not succumb to despair. For the
first time in an age, many slann met
in telepathic conference, projecting
their powerful minds from both aloft
star-vessels and landed temple-
cities. After months of deliberation,
unanimous conclusion was reached;
though the war against Chaos
would always remain the greatest
priority of the Seraphon, for too long
had they turned a blind eye to the
machinations of other powers.

The Seraphon struck across every
realm, crushing any who stood
in their way as they fought to
re-establish the Astromatrix –
particularly in Shyish, where the

inversion of that realm’s magical
energies had rewritten the plotting
of many ley lines. Through this they
reasserted a measure of control
over the wild magic ravaging the
realmspheres; by drawing upon the
Astromatrix’s carefully hoarded
power, Seraphon wizards were even
able to manipulate the roaming
spell-constructs to an extent other
races could only dream of. Moonclan
lurklairs and Spiderfang nests
were purged in an effort to starve
the Bad Moon of worshippers. The
mortal astromancer Palanis the
Mad even claimed to have witnessed
temple-ships attempting to land on
the surface of the grots’ malignant
deity, though his words were largely
dismissed by many of his colleagues.

A new phase in the eternal war
had begun. It was to be an era of
vengeance, for all who stood in the
way of the Great Plan had proven
themselves deserving of nothing
save obliteration.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Temple-cities

12

TEMPLE-CITIES

Across the Mortal Realms, many temple-fleets have begun to land and form permanent Seraphon settlements. As
the Seraphon of these fleets coalesce, becoming true creatures of the realms – gaining physical permanence the
longer they linger, the opposite of their daemonic nemeses – so too does their environment change around them.

The temple-cities of the Coalesced
gleam amidst the wilds of the
realms, bastions of order in lands
often still under the thra l l of Chaos.
From within these settlements the
Starmasters guard the Astromatrix,
drawing upon its power for their
unknowable purposes. So too do
the mass of the Coalesced live in the
barrios and ziggurats of a temple-
city, worshipping at its temples and
labouring to put its technology to
use in the name of the Great Plan.

When a temple-fleet lands, the
slann’s ability to manipulate spatial
laws play a key role. The vast
majority of a visible temple-city is
but the proverbial tip of the iceberg;
the majority of the great engines,
spawning pools and secret vaults are
‘phased’ into the ground, hollowing
out subterranean caverns below
what becomes the streets of the new
city. Thus do the greatest treasures
of the Old Ones remain hidden
from prying eyes. The displaced

terrain is hurled into the cosmos,
soon forming burning meteors –
bright falling stars that herald the
temple-city’s foundation.

The Realmshaper Engines play
a crucial role in securing these
strongholds. These arcane devices
detach from the underside of
temple-vessels and come to rest in
the realms, either before the ships
land to form a temple-city or while
they remain in High Azyr. Even the
Starborne have been known to send
these gleaming golden pyramids
through translocation portals, to
morph areas of the material plane
in line with their interpretation
of the Great Plan. When charged
with celestial energy, the orb atop
these ziggurats glows bright, before
unleashing waves of terraforming
power. The rockiest ground swiftly
sprouts with thick jungle; barren
dust gives way to bubbling swamps,
while creeping vines and venomous
plants soon overtake the ruins of
ancient civilisations.

This sweltering environment soon
attracts a variety of reptilian life.
Hosts of serpents slither through the
undergrowth, while the warbeasts
of the Seraphon thrive in the
sweltering environment, living and
hunting amidst the dense trees. The
slann allow this partially for the
natural barrier it forms between the
Seraphon and those races who may,
intentionally or otherwise, meddle in
their affairs. Of course, the buzzing
tropical insects attracted to the
sweltering heat also provide plenty
for the bloated mages to snack on
when not deep in contemplation.

Many temple-cities or Realmshaper
Engines are established atop
critical nodes in the Astromatrix.
Through tapping into these arcane
wellsprings, the Starmasters
empower the technologies of their
lost masters. A side effect of drawing
upon the Astromatrix in this fashion
is that the jungles formed by the

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
13

Realmshaper Engines come to reflect
the essential qualities of their home
realm. Aqshian temple-cities are
often surrounded by particularly
sweltering forests, whereas those of
Shyish are withered and emaciated,
though still rife with choking
vines and grasping branches. What
becomes of those jungles formed in
Ghur is best left unconsidered.

It is not uncommon for temple-
cities created from vessels originally
part of the same fleet to be located
thousands of miles apart – the
greatest temple-vessels are able
to break down into smaller ships,
or even self-replicate through the
strange artifice of the Old Ones,
unfolding like golden puzzle
boxes. Many of these will , in the
absence of a slann, be governed by
a venerable Starseer. These skinks
rely upon celestial divination and
the inscriptions upon sacred plaques
to discern the Great Plan, as well as
heeding the words of the Oracles.

No two temple-cities are identical,
though all are carefully aligned
to channel the energies of the
Astromatrix. Each stepped ziggurat
wi l l be connected by these ley
lines of power. Around them stand
obelisks, glyph-marked pylons
and other devices that draw upon
the raw energies of the realms
and the cosmos alike. Like great
superconductors the structures
of a temple-city control the flow
of magic, powering the arcane
technology within and feeding into
the star-rituals of the Seraphon.

This magical conduction is possible
due to the specialist building
material used by the Seraphon.
Known as celestite – recorded
in some texts as ‘obstinite’ – this
material appears to be super-
hardened stone, but its true nature
defies the understanding of the
greatest minds of the Collegiate
Arcane. What is certain is that it
is connected in some fashion to
Azyr, for even the weapons of the
Coalesced occasionally shine with
heavenly light; some have proposed
that celestite is in fact chunks of
Azyr’s rim broken off by the wild
magic of the realm’s edge and later
collected by the temple-fleets of the

lives of productivity and worship.
Chirruping skink overseers direct
lumbering Kroxigor in where to
stack celestite blocks or reinforce a
damaged structure, the crocodilian
brutes obeying uncomplainingly.
As well as tending to the temples,
skink work-gangs wi l l plot roads
and repair fortifications, cultivate
foodstuffs in the great refectory
domes of their ziggurats and ensure
the sigils carved into each golden
stele or obelisk remain magically
potent. Though they may seem
cold and dispassionate to outsiders,
skinks possess a refined aesthetic
sense. The greatest artisans labour to
construct towering statues of the Old
Ones, or create elaborate mosaics
depicting cosmological conjunctions
or the mythic cycles of the Seraphon.

The spawning pools of the skinks
are typically located towards the
outskirts of a temple-city, yet
the birthing-pools and barracks
of the saurus are deep below its
heart. In times of relative peace
the saurus wi l l dwell within these
caverns, patrol their territory or
hunt for prey in the surrounding
jungles; when the clarion call to
war is sounded, however, they
assemble with instinctive speed and
efficiency. Throughout the temple-
cities are translocation gateways,
miniature and localised Realmgates
constructed through the arcane
knowledge of the slann. These can
be activated in the blink of an eye
to bring saurus cohorts into battle
against besiegers, ensuring the
Seraphon’s mastery of their domain.

Many temple-cities had been
established for several generations
by the time of the Soul Wars, and
those men and women who have
dared the deep jungles and managed
to escape with their lives babble of
arcane treasures and reptilian beasts
bedecked in golden finery. Each
year, expeditions are organised by
champions of all races to venture
into the steaming hells in search of
wealth and glory. On rare occasion
these treasure hunters succeed,
but most find only death, whether
through being devoured by lurking
predators, led hopelessly astray by
semi-sentient mists or torn apart by
the vengeful claws of the Seraphon.

Starborne. Starseers, in particular,
have an affinity with celestite; within
many ziggurats are arcane foundries
where the meteoric rock is reshaped
by the magics of these senior priests
and talented skink labourers.

At the heart of each settlement is a
grand temple that juts towards the
heavens. Within Star Chambers
atop the highest ziggurats the slann
sit in serene repose, contemplating
the cosmos and telepathically
communicating with their brethren.
Smaller pyramids surround
these structures, ak in to foothills
geometrically arrayed around a
soaring peak. Some of these wi l l be
observation-posts or repositories of
Old One technology, whereas others
wi l l be more traditional temples
within which great throngs of
Seraphon are led in highly ritualised
worship of their creators.

In the most remote and primal
temple-cities, it is also here that great
blood sacrifices to the Old Ones’
glory take place. The verminous
skaven, ancient enemies of the
Seraphon, are particularly prized
offerings. So many of the ratmen
have perished on these gore-slick
altars that the very sight of a
Seraphon can induce instinctive
dread within a skaven, their minds
filled with the beat of booming
sacrificial drums .

Temple-cities are vast conurbations,
and though many of their buildings
are not essential to the furtherance
of the Great Plan, all contribute in
some way to Seraphon society. The
labourer suburbs are formed of
rank upon rank of skink barrios.
Here the diminutive lizard-folk
dwell, leading highly structured

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
STRENGTH FROM THE STARS

14

STRENGTH FROM THE STARS

Seraphon armies are built around ranks of brutal saurus, cunning skinks, and titanic monsters. Though they
may appear little more than brutish reptiles, the forces assembled by the Seraphon are highly specialised. Each
reptilian cohort or warbeast fulfils a carefully plotted purpose, reflecting their master’s vision of the Great Plan.

Every Seraphon belongs to a
grouping known as a constellation.
In some ways these are analogous
to a mortal tribe or civilisation,
each making war in its own way
and possessing its own distinctive
markings and even culture. The
constellations are more than
this, however – they provide a
tangible link back to the realm of
Azyr, the name and marking they
choose reminiscent of one of the
great zodiacal constructs that fill
the upper vaults of the heavens,
such as the Fangs of Sotek or the
mighty Thunder Lizard. Countless
constellations can be found amidst
Azyr’s upper reaches or coalescing
across the realms, some containing
a scant number of Seraphon, others
consisting of many thousands.

A senior Slann Starmaster forms
the heart of most constellations.
Around their grand temple-ships fly
other spawning-vessels and ziggurat
craft. These fleets wi l l often be
commanded by the slann to adopt a
formation that mirrors a particular
star pattern, in doing so attracting a
measure of the power of that celestial
alignment. Even after coalescence
new warriors or workers wi l l often
be spawned beneath a recurring
heavenly portent the Starmaster and
skink priesthood judges to be most
auspicious. So does ‘constellation’
remain an appropriate term for the
subdivisions of the Coalesced.

A constellation can comprise
multiple temple-fleets or temple-
cities operating over multiple realms.
Many of these wi l l possess their own
Starmaster to guide them; the largest
constellations may have several
slann for each temple-fleet or city,
but most are guided by just one of
these bloated mages. It is they who
determine the battles a constellation
must fight, and their rule is absolute,
for it is divinely mandated by the
Old Ones themselves. Despite this,
many slann are content to allow their
saurus servants to take battlefield

packs make up the Thunderquake
hosts, their unstoppable charges
trampling the foe underfoot.

The armies of the Starborne reflect
their nature as pure creatures of
Order. Their grand Eternal Starhosts
comprise an assemblage of lesser
starhosts, commanded by a slann
and his intractable bodyguard.
As more of a particular Seraphon
subspecies gather, the heavenly
power that infuses them is amplified;
the coronas of energy that surround
their weapons blaze all the brighter,
while more reptilian warriors
emerge seemingly from thin air in
prismatic blasts of light. Like attracts
like, and when these celestially
charged Seraphon gather in number
the connection between the slann
and Azyr grows stronger, allowing
them to summon reinforcements
all the easier. So do Starborne
armies form yet another part of the
grand cosmic equation wrought by
the Starmasters.

Coalesced constellations typically
operate in the region surrounding
their temple-city, or in lands
connected to their domains by
nearby Realmgates, which they
mercilessly protect. Their armies
thrum with a primal savagery;
assemblages of cohorts that take
the fight directly to the foe are
favoured amongst the Coalesced, as
are warlike champions such as the
deadly Sunbloods. Their cohorts
fight with unstoppable fury, the
deadly jaws of the saurus ripping out
their enemies’ throats with terrifying
ferocity whilst skink leaders use their
knowledge of the local terrain to set
up devastating ambushes. The slann
who command the Eternal Temple-
hosts, as the largest Coalesced
formations are known, draw upon
the stored power of the Astromatrix
to reshape the very landscape into a
weapon, their world-shaking magics
transforming every thick forest or
overgrown ruin into a primeval
death-trap for their hapless foes.

command in times of war, trusting
to their instinctive skills and years
of front-line experience. Doing
so allows the mage-lords to focus
always upon the wider conflict
against the Dark Gods, as well as
granting them the freedom to work
their fearsome sorcery when they
deign to take to the field.

Though the realities of war often
require the slann to dispatch armies
containing all manner of scaled
warriors and monsters, where
possible Seraphon cohorts are
organised into ordered formations
widely categorised as ‘warhosts’ –
those comprised of Starborne are
known as ‘starhosts’, whereas the
Coalesced refer to their battlefield
formations as ‘temple-hosts’. A
constellation contains multiple
starhosts or temple-hosts, each
formed around a particular saurus or
skink leader by the wi l l of the ruling
Starmaster; some constellations
may contain but a handful of these
formations, whilst the largest possess
many hundreds.

The four most common warhost
variations are each constructed
around one of the primary Seraphon
subspecies or their attendant
warbeasts. Sunclaw hosts are formed
from massed cohorts of Saurus
Warriors, whilst their mounted
brethren form swift Firelance hosts.
Skinks populate the Shadowstrike
hosts, waiting with impossible
patience before springing their
deadly traps. Finally, stampedes of
titanic reptiles and savage hunting

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ORACLE

SLANN
STARMASTER

ORACLE

STARSEER

STARSEER

STARPRIEST

STARPRIEST

STARPRIESTS

STARPRIESTS

ETERNITY
WARDEN

STARPRIESTS

STARPRIESTS

PRIESTS

PRIESTS

PRIESTS

PRIESTS

SAURUS
GUARD

SAURUS
GUARD

SAURUS
GUARD

A Starmaster is surrounded by an intricate web of priestly servants and bodyguards. Below them
stand a constellation’s warhosts, each formed around a core of disciplined reptilian warriors.

SUNCLAW
HOST

Oldblood

Saurus Warriors

Saurus Warriors

Saurus Warriors

SHADOWSTRIKE
HOST

Starpriest

Skinks

Chameleon Skinks

Terradon Riders

SUNCLAW
HOST

Sunblood

Saurus Warriors

Saurus Warriors

Saurus Warriors

SHADOWSTRIKE
HOST

Skink Priest

Skinks

Chameleon Skinks

Ripperdactyl Riders

FIRELANCE
HOST

Scar-Veteran

Saurus Knights

Saurus Knights

Saurus Knights

THUNDERQUAKE
HOST

Skink Chief

Bastiladon

Stegadon

Kroxigor

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Dracothion’s Tail

16

DRACOTHION’S TAIL

The Fury of Azyr, Scions of Starlight, Chosen of the Great Drake

The Seraphon of Dracothion’s Tail are true children of the stars. Swift, unpredictable, and possessed of the
mightiest magics, these Starborne are amongst the most active enemies of Chaos. Each blow they strike is targeted
with utmost precision, their wars directed – some say – by the clawed hand of a godbeast.

The starhosts of Dracothion’s Tail
descend with the force of a meteor.
The repercussions of their deeds may
not resolve themselves for centuries,
yet in time every action orchestrated
by the constellation’s masters
delivers another blow against the
Eternal Enemy. Such has ever been
the case, for throughout centuries
of war, few Seraphon have been as
active as those of Dracothion’s Tail.

Dracothion’s Tail are one of the rare
constellations to possess numerous
Starmasters. Their temple-ships
reside in the uppermost vaults of
High Azyr, bathing in the heavenly
winds. The slann of Dracothion’s Tail
are remarkably wi l ling to lead their
armies in person. They can muster
the most powerful of incantations,
overwhelming the foe with a
continuous barrage of spells.

The slann of Starborne constellations
regularly summon reinforcements
directly from the temple-ships of
their fleet, casting their warriors
across the battlefield in the blink of
an eye. With a magical knowledge
deeper even than that of their kin,
the Starmasters of Dracothion’s
Tail have elevated these powers to a
deadly art. Enemies are consumed
in arcane fires only for a host of
mounted saurus to materialise
where they stood seconds later,
whilst shrieking Ripperdactyl
flocks are shunted great distances
instantaneously to divert the
attentions of a lumbering monster
that would otherwise have savaged
the Seraphon ranks .

Through careful study of the
constellation’s path across
the firmament, those Azyrite
astromancers who have dedicated
their lives to studying the Seraphon
believe that the temple-ships of
Dracothion’s Tail closely follow the
celestial passage of the godbeast
from whom they take their name.

Those that have fought alongside
Dracothion’s Tail claim that the
skies above their warhosts shine
with countless pinpricks of starlight
even in the brightest day, and if
one looks closely they may catch a
glimpse of a sinuous shape sending
the cosmos rippling with each
subtle motion. It is as if Dracothion
watches the Seraphon that bear his
name particularly closely. Rarely do
the godbeasts involve themselves in
the affairs of mortals, for they are
another class of being entirely. The
Great Drake has historically proved
more proactive than many, and is
a long-term ally of the God-King,
but for Dracothion to pay such heed
to the constellation’s wars suggests

that these Seraphon serve him more
directly than many would suspect.

The most radical scholars even
propose that the creatures of
Dracothion’s Tail are not truly
sentient, but instead mere
manifestations of the Great Drake’s
wi l l . If there is any truth to this
the Seraphon wi l l never tell, for
they are not so much hostile to
outsiders as entirely dismissive
of their presence unless directed
otherwise by their Starmasters. Few
can deny, however, that the celestial
bodies glow brighter above wherever
Dracothion’s Tail fights, the heavens
glimmering in approval for each
unclean life they take.

The Seraphon of Dracothion’s Tail bear distinctive yellow markings, often in
the form of celestial patterns or other symbols of the Great Drake.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Fangs of Sotek

FANGS OF SOTEK

The Sudden Death,

the Half-Stars,

Inheritors of the Serpent

17

The Fangs of Sotek strike with the speed of an uncoiling viper. The ambushes of their skink cohorts stretch their
enemies’ nerves to breaking point before the saurus appear in a blaze of starlight to deliver the killing blow. Of all
Seraphon, the Fangs of Sotek are most closely aligned with fellow forces of Order – at least, so they claim…

On those nights when the heavens
above shine brightest are the Fangs
of Sotek most active. Its Starmaster,
Zectoka, is unusually unwilling to
wile away aeons in contemplation;
his wars are swift and proactive,
guided by a singular purpose.

When Sigmar’s Tempest thundered
into being, the Fangs were one of
the first constellations to lend aid to
the Stormcasts. Though no formal
alliance was ever ratified, saurus
cohorts marked with the Fangs’
distinctive red crests were a common
sight around those Realmgates the
Stormhosts sought to claim. Waging
war with their trademark vigour, the
constellation eradicated numberless
tainted tribes. Through these purges
the Seraphon bought time for the
foundation of the Stormkeeps, and
through them the Cities of Sigmar.

As Order began to encroach upon
the realms once more the strategy of
the Fangs shifted. Though they had
once been defined by massed saurus
assaults, Zectoka’s true desire was to
forge a united front against Chaos
– albeit with the Seraphon pulling
the strings. The more civilised
skinks , therefore, became the face
of the Fangs of Sotek. Enclaves of
the quick-witted reptilians began
forming within the free cities, their
services as crafters, scribes, and
readers of oracular portents growing
more renowned as decades passed.
Thus have the Fangs of Sotek become
a curious hybrid constellation,
partially Coalesced yet keeping
much of their strength hidden.

When the free cities are threatened,
the Fangs are quick to march in
their defence. Zectoka has expended
too much effort ensuring their rise
to allow them to fall. Rarely do
they fight alongside a city’s forces;
instead, the Fangs of Sotek eliminate
threats before the armies of the
God-King even take note of their

existence. Javelins and blow-darts
shoot from the darkness to lay low
the commanders of a would-be
adversary, the fluid skink formations
– guided to their target by the
celestial visions of their priestly
leaders – evading any attempt to pin
them down. With inhuman patience
Zectoka monitors these shadow
campaigns, dispatching his saurian
cohorts at the most vital cruxes of
fate to do their red work.

Yet despite their efforts to establish
themselves, unsettling rumours
follow the Fangs of Sotek. From the
Chambers of Heavenly Justice in
Hammerhal to the smoke-shrouded
taphouses of Anvilgard, whispering

voices speak of strange rituals
performed in the quiet quarters
of the cities, disturbing sacrificial
rites wrought in the name of a
so-called ‘serpent god’. The skinks
claim ignorance to this, citing only
their desire to see their adopted
homes flourish. When a noble is
found dumped in a canal with their
heart savagely cut out, blame is
quickly assigned to the bloodthirsty
Daughters of Khaine – especially
when it is later uncovered that the
deceased possessed interests many
would deem vile and blasphemous.
The Daughters, however, note
the fanged brands subtly carved
into the flesh of the victims, and
argue otherwise.

The curving mandibles of the Fangs of Sotek are witnessed on those nights
where Azyr’s power is at its peak, the fate of many held in their grasp.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Koatl’s Claw

18

KOATL’S CLAW

The Lost,

the Beast Unleashed,

the Primeval Legion of Ghur

The violence unleashed by Koatl’s Claw is horrific to behold. Their massed saurus legions advance to the beating
of skin-covered drums, salivating at the oncoming bloodshed. There is no subtlety to these Seraphon; for Koatl’s
Claw, the Great Plan was subverted centuries ago. In its place is a savage instinct to survive at any cost.

Koatl’s Claw was perhaps the
first constellation to coalesce.
During the early years of the Age
of Chaos, skaven of the Clans
Pestilens manifested a gnawhole
upon the hull of the constellation’s
primary temple-ship, seeking an
ingredient for one of the Great
Plagues rumoured to be created
from a world’s death. Though the
ratmen were repulsed, the damage
they wrought was devastating. Its
intricate mechanisms crippled by
arcane rust-phages, the temple-ship
began a perilous descent that saw it
impact with titanic force upon the
plains of Mekitopsar, Ghur.

Tribal communities for miles around
were cast into ruin by the collision’s
aftershocks, the survivors forced to
turn to depraved gods to survive. For
Koatl’s Claw, worse than the mass
casualties they had sustained was
the realisation that their Starmaster,
Lord Quex, had been gravely
infected by the skaven. The mental
strength of the slann prevented him
from succumbing, and on occasion
he could even astrally project himself
to contribute to battle, but from
that moment on the Starmaster was
confined to his deathbed, never able
to leave his ruined chambers for fear
of the exertion ending him.

With their Starmaster incapacitated
and his skink attendants thrown
into a panic, it was left to the saurus
commanders of the constellation
to reassert control. They responded
the only way they knew how – by
preparing for war. The spawning
engines that had survived the crash
were pushed to the upper limits of
their capacity, hundreds of saurus
thrashing into life. This process was
not without cost, for such accelerated
spawning meant agony for the newly
birthed, a scar upon their souls that
would never fade and would fill them
fu l l of primal rage. Nevertheless,
the Oldbloods of Koatl’s Claw soon

had a host of saurus possessed of
a savagery beyond any seen before
at their command. Their first
targets were the corrupted tribes
of Mekitopsar; the tainted humans
were swiftly eviscerated by the
bestial saurians.

Borderline-feral saurus dominate
the armies of Koatl’s Claw. Their
spawning pools are almost never
silent; the rampant celestial energies
unleashed through this constant
campaign of reinforcement,
when combined with the ever-
hungering animus of Ghur, have
supercharged those Realmshaper
Engines established around the
constellation’s crashed vessel.

Mekitopsar is a primordial
nightmare, swallowing entire armies
whole – sometimes literally. Those
that survive must contend with the
maddened saurus cohorts. These
warriors fight without heed for self-
preservation; only the spawn-lords of
Koatl’s Claw can restrain their kin’s
fury long enough to enact strategies
honed over centuries of war.

At the command of their savage
warlords, hosts of Koatl’s Claw have
travelled to realms beyond Ghur.
There the frenzied reptilian warriors
fight any foe that presents itself,
their creed of saurian supremacy
roared from atop the disembowelled
remains of their adversaries.

The savage animus of Ghur has all but consumed the saurus of Koatl’s Claw,
and inspired within them an unstoppable, bestial fury.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Thunder Lizard

THE THUNDER LIZARD

The Stampede, Keepers of the Trove, Guardians of the Outerwilds

19

In the ancient places dwell the Seraphon of the Thunder Lizard, guardians of the Old Ones’ greatest treasures. In
their efforts to keep the lands free from the taint of Chaos, these Seraphon will utilise any tool at their disposal –
from unleashing the technologies of the lost gods to creating the most brutish of beasts to serve their wi l l .

The constellation of the Thunder
Lizard first settled amidst the
mercurial outerlands of Chamon.
Like most Coalesced constellations
they founded golden cities around
the lynchpins of the Astromatrix,
yet the Thunder Lizard also held
to a second, more specialist duty.
Within their great temples did they
store the most powerful artefacts and
machinery of the Old Ones.

Why the Thunder Lizard possess so
much of the high technology of the
Old Ones is unclear. Perhaps their
role in the Great Plan is to stockpile
these treasures until they are most
needed, or maybe their ziggurats
hide devices capable of stabilising
the wildest arcane nodes – certainly,
many of their strongholds have been
established towards the perilous
edge of the realms. If this alone
was intended to dissuade treasure
hunters, it has not succeeded, for
still they come with avarice in their
hearts. The Thunder Lizard, however,
have an answer to this threat.

The extremities of a realm is
where its magical power is most
concentrated. A natural by-product
of settling in these lands is increased
access to realmstone. The priests of
the Thunder Lizard have extensively
studied these substances, and have
access to ancient technology capable
of refining them into a somewhat
more stable form. Chamonite, a
quicksilver accelerant found within
the Realm of Metal, is particularly
prized. The constellation’s skink
priesthood has become adept at
introducing minute quantities of
refined Chamonite – transporting
caches of the realmstone across
the aetheric void through the
translocation technology found
within their ziggurats – to the
incubation machines of their temple-
cities’ hatcheries. Through this do
they give rise reptilian monsters of
truly awesome power.

These empowered creatures form
the speartip of the constellation’s
warhosts, and carry some of the
mightiest examples of Old One
technology. Solar weaponry and
the legendary Engines of the Gods
are common sights in the armies of
the Thunder Lizard, and the skinks
who crew them are well trained in
their operation. Not only are these
weapons devastating in open combat,
but when those who have stolen the
constellation’s treasures seek to hide
behind city walls, the reality-shaking
potential of these relics – along with
the physical brawn of the monsters
that bear them – makes the Thunder
Lizard the premier siege force of
the Seraphon.

The Thunder Lizard’s most
complex relationship is with the fey
Sylvaneth. When the constellation’s
far-ranging warhosts arrive to purge
and resettle a corrupted site of
natural power, they and the forest
folk commonly find themselves with
a shared foe. But in the aftermath
of battle, Alarielle’s children often
disagree with the Thunder Lizard’s
imposition of rigid celestial order
over nature. These disagreements
wi l l regularly boil over into warfare;
armies that only recently fought
for a similar cause wi l l turn upon
each other remorselessly, Treelords
clashing with Stegadons in earth-
shaking combat as the forests ring to
the clamour of war.

Through combining ancient technology and the most terrifying of reptilian
beasts, the Thunder Lizard keep safe the treasures of the Old Ones.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
AEONS OF WAR

20

AEONS OF WAR

The Seraphon stand aloof from the other races of the Mortal Realms, yet their history is intimately intertwined.
Many ancient myths and legends have their genesis, in some way, through the careful machinations of the slann.
The battles these Starmasters fight are carefully chosen, each another telling strike against the powers of Chaos.

AGE OF MYTH

PRIMEVAL GENESIS

After aeons of drifting through the
aetheric void within their temple-
vessels, the slann decree that it is
time to recommence the Great Plan.
Skink attendants throughout the
fleets reactive ancient spawning
pools. The temple-ships take
refuge in Azyr, beyond the sight of
mortals. Over time the Seraphon
become almost extensions of the
heavenly realm.

GODS FROM THE STARS

Sigmar begins his mission to uplift
the mortal tribes of the realms,
gifting them the arts of civilisation.
In this the Seraphon play a hidden
role; the slann choose certain tribes
to be granted magical secrets or even
examples of Old One technology,
lending them the strength to grow
into mighty empires. Many of these
noble cultures will , in later centuries,
provide some of the first recruits for
the Stormcast Eternals.

BINDING THE ASTROMATRIX

The slann’s prescience foretells the
stirring of their oldest adversary. The
Great Plan must progress as much as
possible before an age of bloodshed
begins. Seraphon constellations
move to claim the first nodes in
what wi l l become the Astromatrix
Arcane; many mortal communities
that have unwittingly settled around
such magically charged sites vanish
mysteriously overnight.

AGE OF CHAOS

OLD WARS ANEW

The dawning of the Age of Chaos
spells the doom of civilisations
across the realms. Long have the
Dark Gods worked to ensnare the
souls of power-hungry mortals and
bloodthirsty tribes; eventually this
corruption reaches critical mass,
hosts of daemons bursting from
the Realm of Chaos to drown the

THE PERFECT BAIT

The Steelkrunchas warclan find
their destructive romp through
the foothills of Witherdwell in
Ghyran frustrated by the meddling
of starhosts from Dracothion’s
Tail. Time and again the Ironjawz
discover the slaughtered remains
of armies that would have stood in
their way, surrounded by patches
of thick jungle and pristine golden
ziggurats. This constant denial of
battle enrages Megaboss Gitzogga to
no end. Following the trail of their
evasive adversaries, the orruks are
led straight into a legion of Khornate
daemons engaged in the prolonged
siege of a beleaguered Sylvaneth
grove. Gitzogga’s horde and the
daemonic host, equally eager to vent
their pent-up bloodlust, collide with
apocalyptic force. By the time the
dust has settled both armies have
been annihilated, and the precious
soulpods of the Sylvaneth preserved.
In time they wi l l produce new
warriors, eager to blood their talons
in the ongoing War of Life.

BLOOD AND SCALES

Word reaches Yaemath, Hag
Queen of the Kharon Vho temple,
of reptilian warriors hunting the
followers of Chaos amidst the murk
of Ulgu. Enthralled by Khaine’s
murderlust, she swears to drink the
blood of any such beast she finds
in the lands claimed by her temple.
The slann cannot allow such a rogue
element to persist in their plans for
the Grey Realm; in the aftermath
of victory over a host of Slaaneshi
Seekers, Yaemath and her coven are
set upon by the cold-eyed warriors
of Poctli’s Bolt. The Daughters fight
ferociously, matching the saurus for
fury, but the Hag Queen is horrified
to discover that when wounded the
Seraphon produce not blood but
instead pure starlight. Narrowly
escaping with her life, Yaemath
brings news of this discovery back
to the High Oracle. Morathi swiftly
takes an interest in the semi-divine
nature of the Seraphon.

Mortal Realms in darkness. In the
uppermost vaults of the heavens, a
conclave of slann meets in telepathic
union to refine their plans against
the Eternal Enemy. Across the
realms their constellations strike at
sites of power greatly coveted by the
legions of Chaos, disrupting many a
foul ritual and drawing the armies
of darkness to them like a beacon.
Through their actions do many
mortals reach the relative safety
of Azyr before Sigmar can seal the
entrance to his realm, never knowing
those who saved them.

BLOODED CLAWS

After slaughtering the Chaos-tainted
inhabitants of Mekitopsar, many
of the saurian legions of Koatl’s
Claw continue to rampage deeper
into the Realm of Beasts. One such
army finds a suitable target when
they chance upon a congregation of
the skaven Clans Pestilens chasing
down a fleeing kinband of aelven
Wanderers. The saurus fall upon the
ratmen with such furious abandon
that, for centuries thenceforth,
the site of the battle is regarded
as a promised land amongst the
flesh-eating kingdoms of Ghur.
The Wanderers give thanks to their
strange woodland gods for salvation,
but it proves to be premature;
completely lost to the fury of battle,
the near-feral saurus turn their
blades upon the aelves, wiping them
out in turn .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
21

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE HEAVENS OPEN

Long have the Seraphon fought alone
in bringing Azyr’s vengeance to the
servants of Chaos, but no longer.
The tumultuous clouds of Sigmar’s
Tempest thunder across the realms.
From them – carried upon blasts of
lightning – descend the Stormcast
Eternals. Their arrival heralds the
beginning of the Realmgate Wars,
in which the God-King attempts to
secure the arcane pathways between
realms. The Seraphon make no
alliances with the Stormcasts, nor
vice versa, but both recognise one
another as heavenly beings. On
occasion the Seraphon even honour
the Stormcasts with a martial
salute, high praise indeed from the
normally inscrutable creatures.

CONTAINING THE BEAST

Though Starmaster Xen’phantica
has long limited his involvement in
the War of Life to subtly assisting
the Sylvaneth and Hallowed Knights
who bear Alarielle’s soulpod, when
Khorne unleashes the maddened
greater daemon Skarbrand the slann
knows he cannot sit idly by. Amidst
an ancient stone circle, hosts of the
Starfire War constellation strike at
the Bloodthirster and his armies. The
carnage is total, until in the end only
Xen’phantica remains of the cold-
blooded warriors. Yet the slann has
used this time to marshal his power;
with a mighty incantation he opens
a gateway between realms, banishing
Skarbrand to Aqshy and buying
precious time for the guardians of
Alarielle. Alas, the Realmgate Wars
prove to be Xen’phantica’s doom. In
trying to lead fractious daemonic
hosts into war against one another
amidst the floating Aqshian sky-
kingdoms of the Orb Infernia, he
and much of his constellation are
slain by the conquering Goretide of
Korghos Khul.

THE FLEETS DESCEND

The next phase of the Great Plan
begins as many temple-fleets
begin landing throughout the
Mortal Realms. Waypoints of
the Astromatrix seized in prior
centuries are reinforced, forming
the foundation of gleaming
temple-cities. The Fangs of Sotek

instead have many skinks take
residence within the free cities. The
industrious creatures soon become a
quietly respected populace amongst
many settlements – and allow the
Fangs’ spies to accumulate vast
quantities of intelligence to relay
back to Starmaster Zectoka.

TEMPORAL VENGEANCE

During the Time of Tribulations
the Orb Infernia waxes high in
Aqshy’s skies, ready to release Khul’s
Goretide onto the lands below. In
desperation, an alliance of warlords
brings together mages and engineers
to construct a colossal temporal
cannon, harnessing ancient
mechanisms known as the Infinity
Gears. It is a close-run thing, but
before the Goretide can strike the
cannon fires. Upon the Orb the
daemons banished by Khul in his
conquest snap back into existence,
as do the slain hosts of Starmaster
Xen’phantica. The Seraphon soon
recommence their efforts to keep the
daemonic armies constantly at war,
the sound of endless battle echoing
across the parched lands below.

MURDERED STARS

Long infuriated by what he sees as
the theft of his rightful soul bounty
by his fellow gods, Nagash works
a grand ritual to extend Shyish’s
power across the Mortal Realms.
At the last he is thwarted by the
machinations of the Great Horned
Rat, but the damage is done. A shock
wave of deathly power sweeps across
creation; not only does this play
havoc with the celestial bodies so
sacred to the Seraphon, but the fonts
of arcane power they have fortified

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

prove an irresistible attraction to the
processions of wailing Nighthaunt
spirits that have risen en masse.
Battle on a new front begins as
the Seraphon strive to repel the
relentless gheist armies.

WAR ON THE R IM

The Thunder Lizard constellation
continues to impose order upon
the most hazardous of magical
wellsprings. Their holdings are
threatened, however, by the
emergence of the Ossiarch hosts
of the Null Myriad, who now seek
to conquer the volatile edge of
each realm in the necroquake’s
aftermath. The Thunder Lizard
are undaunted, for their stocks
of Old One technology and herds
of deadly warbeasts exist for just
such an eventuality; before long the
uncompromising power of Azyr
clashes with the morbid terrors of
Shyish, the war of Heaven and Death
played out in miniature across a
hundred battlefields unobserved by
mortal eyes.

PORTENTS OF BLOODSHED

Troubled by the darkening fates,
slann of many constellations hold
a rare telepathic gathering. Their
conclusion is to commence a new
era of aggression. Amidst the
gloomy Banewoods of Penultima,
an alliance of three constellations
– both Starborne and Coalesced –
descend upon warring undead and
daemonic forces. As the Coalesced
plough into the midst of the foe,
drawing both deathless spirit and
malicious daemon to them, the hosts
of the Starborne secure a series of
mystic obelisks erected by tribes
who received the gifts of the slann
during the Age of Myth. By the time
the spectral generals and daemonic
overlords realise the Seraphon’s
intent, it is too late. The star-rituals
of the slann and their priestly
servants supercharge the obelisks
with the purifying light of Azyr,
bolstered by the hoarded energies of
the Astromatrix. The web of celestial
power that crosses the battlefield
soon annihilates both enemy armies,
dissipating them utterly. Across the
realms many such victories are won
as the Seraphon strike back, more
determined than ever to see the
Great Plan brought to completion.


PAGEBREAK
Slann Starmasters

22

SLANN STARMASTERS

The stars themselves answer the commands of the slann. These impossibly ancient beings are true masters of
magic, their knowledge so vast that to possess even a fraction of it would destroy a mortal mind. It is they who
chart the destiny of the Seraphon, bending reality itself to their will with but a thought.

Few beings can rival the arcane
power of the Slann Starmasters.
Though they may seem physically
frail, their bodies bulbous and toad-
like and their limbs withered, each
is amongst the mightiest wizards in
all of creation. With a slow blink of
their large and staring eyes the slann
engulf their enemies in mystical
flames. A single croaked incantation
can spell the doom of cities. The gods
themselves take note when a slann
takes to the battlefield, for their
presence heralds the unfolding of
events of cosmological significance
whose ramifications may persist
for centuries.

The slann are the undisputed masters
of the Seraphon race, the guiding
minds who steer the lesser races
towards the completion of the Great
Plan. Each is functionally immortal
– certainly, it has never been known
for a Starmaster to perish of old age.
This aloof existence leads the slann
to perceive reality very differently
from other beings. To them time
passes quickly, and even ancient
aelves can seem short-lived and
ephemeral. The vast intellect of the
Starmasters is well honed for cosmic
contemplations and the deduction
of esoteric celestial formulae; so
deep are their thoughts that a slann

may appear to sleep for decades
or even centuries, yet all the while
their highly ordered minds wi l l
be constantly at work scrying the
myriad paths of the future.

These qualities of the slann are
deliberate creations. In ages past
they were the foremost servants of
the Old Ones, their magical prowess
employed in grand cosmological
endeavours. From their masters
they learnt many arcane secrets,
including the principles of
Realmgate technology. Some mortal
scholars believe that the slann were
even partially responsible for the
construction of the first Realmgates
in the world-that-was – and that this
may have had a role to play in that
world’s destruction.

The slann are perhaps the most
strident foes of Chaos in all of
creation. Every command they
utter follows deep deliberation on
what wi l l most harm the infernal
powers. Despite their ordered
minds and ultimately unified goals,
however, slann are all individuals
and thus each possessed of their
own personality and opinion on
how best to fu lfi l the Great Plan.
These differing beliefs are further
complicated by the fact that none of
the slann perfectly remember the
Old Ones, whether through some
side effect of the great catastrophe
that severed them from their creators
or a deliberate measure by the
slann to protect themselves from
the horrific trauma of those times.
They are forced instead to rely on
fragmented memories, portentous
visions gleaned as they travel the
paths of the future, and ancient
plaques that have been copied and
recopied countless times by eager
skink scribes.

Each slann wi l l be attended to
by a coterie of skink Starseers
and Starpriests, who are in turn
responsible for the administration
of Seraphon society. Through their

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
23

LORD KROAK
No Relic Priest is more powerful, or more mysterious, than Lord Kroak. Waves of
Azyrite energy issue forth from this withered husk, and his mere presence is enough
to slay the weakest amongst the damned. It is believed he is the oldest of the slann,
perhaps one of the few who arrived from beyond the stars with the Old Ones at the
dawn of history, and that despite having sacrificed himself in battle against the
Eternal Enemy time and again Kroak always returns to continue the great war
of the Seraphon.

Kroak appears at those moments of greatest need, when fate must be tipped
one way or the other. With but a thought Kroak can pluck a comet from the
vaults of Azyr and hurl it across realms, unleash blasts of coruscating lightning,
or materialise a host of Starborne warriors. With the battle won he wi l l disappear
in a shimmering aurora of starlight, only to re-emerge when fate necessitates it. Some
skinks believe Lord Kroak has ascended to sit at the right hand of the divine Old Ones
in death, unwilling to rest until the final defeat of Chaos has come to pass.

tireless work are the Starmasters
freed to focus upon their great
task. A slann’s sanctum is steeped
in potent celestial and temporal
magics. Slann whose constellations
have coalesced often align their
sanctums to sit directly above nodes
of the Astromatrix. Through these
wellsprings of power they channel
the energies of the Mortal Realms
themselves, imposing control upon
lands that would otherwise be
consumed by the corrupting power
of Chaos and reshaping the physical
world to better suit their needs.

The slann’s appearance may, at
first, make them seem ill suited
to battle. Surrounded by a coterie
of saurus guardians, the bloated
mages drift serenely into battle
atop celestite palanquins – ancient
artefacts incorporating Old One
technology capable of projecting
blasts of scouring azure lightning.
The foe’s confusion at the apparent

frailty of the languid creature before
them swiftly turns to horror as the
Starmaster unleashes his power.
Meteors crash down amidst the
ranks of the enemy, called forth
through the slann’s celestial might,
while enemy commanders find
their every move accounted for by
the prescient mage-lords. The stars
themselves can be turned to the
slann’s cause, the heavenly resonance
of their alignment unlocked through
a Starmaster’s wi l l and imparted to
his servants.

In the case of the Starborne the
coming of a Starmaster takes on
a terrifying new dimension. The
slann themselves were crafted
with the unknowable energies of
the Old Ones, and thus remain
distinct from the heavenly realm,
but through their knowledge of
Realmgate technology they are able
to summon Azyr-charged Seraphon
warriors to the field with incredible
ease. These summoned creatures
wi l l inevitably be influenced by the
mindset of the slann at the time of
their manifestation, the star-stuff
that comprises their essence being
given corporeal form by his will ;
a slann possessed of a cold, alien
fury may summon warriors whose
scales have taken on bloody hues,
while those Seraphon conjured into
a realm by a slann whose mind has
begun to crack under the strain
of countless years or the malign
interference of outside powers
may appear hideously twisted in
form – though their k i l l ing power
remains undiminished.

The slann came into being through
five generational spawnings. Even
the youngest, known as the Fifth
Generation, are impossibly old. Each
spawning had its own integral role
to play in the Great Plan. None of
the First Generation now live, and
less than five of the almighty Second
Generation still draw breath. No new
slann have been spawned since the
disappearance of the Old Ones. They
are a dying race, dwindling with
each of their number that falls, yet
each is determined to be present for
the final defeat of the Eternal Enemy
before they pass into history.

Despite their prodigious abilities and
practical immortality, the slann are
not invincible. Those that do fall in
battle are, if anything , treated with
even more reverence by the Seraphon
than the living. Their remains are
collected up and returned to the
constellation’s temples in solemn
procession, there to be bound and
mummified. These Relic Priests,
as they are known, still radiate
arcane energies. It is unknown how
far a Relic Priest can still w i l fu l ly
affect the corporeal world, yet some
Seraphon armies – particularly those
of the more superstitious Coalesced–
bear their remains to war on
occasion. An eerie light glows from
the eyes of their golden funerary
masks, spells of celestial destruction
emanating from their desiccated
remains to annihilate the foe. So
do the slann serve the Great Plan
even past the point of death, utterly
implacable in their dedication to the
war against Chaos.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Champions of the Seraphon

24

CHAMPIONS OF THE SERAPHON

At the head of a constellation’s armies come its saurus commanders. Each is a centuries-old veteran of bloodiest
battle, an ancient warleader whose raw martial power is underpinned by a cold, calculating cunning and the
matchless discipline of their warhosts. In all the realms, few foes are as deadly as these champion warriors.

SAURUS SPAWN-LORDS
As a saurus survives more battles,
they become skilled not just in
personal combat but also in the art
of leadership. Their command of
strategy grows instinctive; while
they may not be able to explain
the specifics of a refused flank or
defence in depth, a saurus leader wi l l
recognise intuitively when they are
required to achieve victory. With a
series of growled commands they
impart their wi l l to those Seraphon
under their command, reorganising
cohorts and launching feinting
attacks to ensure the destruction
of their Starmaster’s enemies.
Of course, these saurus remain
peerless killers. As they age their
scales harden and ossify, while
thick cords of muscle add to their
already phenomenal strength. Scars
criss-cross their bodies, the marks
of countless defeated foes, and a
primal aura surrounds them that
cows beasts and fellow Seraphon
alike. In times of war all Seraphon
– even, to an extent, the inscrutable
slann – defer to the authority of the
saurus lords.

Scar-Veterans are the frontline
commanders of a Seraphon army,
each given control of an assemblage
of cohorts, or on occasion even
entire armies. They possess an
innate ability to rouse the primal
ferocity that lurks in the hearts of
their saurus kin, unleashing it at
just the right moment. Should a
Scar-Veteran survive long enough
they may eventually rise to the rank
of Oldblood. These are the overlords
and generals of a constellation’s
military forces, and are often
entrusted with their temple-city
or fleet’s most sacred war-relics:
gauntlets that blaze with k i l l ing light
or spears and blades that crackle
with the contained energies of suns.

Saurus can speak, though the vast
majority are far from talkative
and capable only of producing
monosyllabic grunts. Their

commanders have slightly expanded
vocabularies, though these still relate
almost exclusively to matters of war
or their simple yet effective culture of
strength. Disagreements are possible
between saurus leaders, but wi l l be
settled through ritual combat rather
than in the debating hall, for all
instinctively know that it is deeds
– not words – that grant authority
amongst the saurian legions.

Only saurus, and the mightiest
at that, can tame the fearsome
Carnosaurs and ride them to battle.
Carnosaurs are without doubt
the fiercest predators bred by the
Seraphon. Over th irty feet long
from crest to tail, their favoured
tactic is to pin their prey down with
their strong forelimbs and brutally
savage them with their massive jaws.
The deafening roar of a Carnosaur
is enough to send enemy warriors
fleeing for their lives. When battle is
joined they enter a terrifying blood-
frenzy, with only the domineering
wi l l of the saurus lord atop them to
direct them towards the prey.

SUNBLOODS
The power of Azyr clings to the
saurus Sunbloods. Monstrously
strong, these battle-scarred warriors
are the martial champions of the
Seraphon and the personification
of that race’s savage fury. In battle
they fight with boundless ferocity,
never resting for even a moment
while there are enemies still to slay.
A Sunblood’s formidable aeon shield
can break even the fiercest enemy
charge, leaving them easy prey to
be torn apart by the saurus’ jaws or
pulverised by the crushing strikes of
their heavy celestite mace. Though
they typically leave the Oldbloods to
consider matters of greater strategy,
Sunbloods are adept at determining
weaknesses in an enemy battleline.
As the crucial juncture of a battle
arrives, the scarred saurian wi l l let
loose a blood-chilling roar. His kin
wi l l respond in kind by instinct,

falling upon the chosen enemy and
tearing them to bloody tatters.

Sunbloods are held in awe by other
Seraphon. Their scales shine bright
with heavenly energies long after
coalescence, and they are often
entrusted to defend vital areas of
a ziggurat, particularly the sacred
spawning pools. Spawnings of
Sunbloods are rare. The vast majority
have fought since the earliest days of
the Age of Myth, and new spawnings
are heralded always by the most
portentous celestial alignments.
Some of the skink priesthood believe
that a wellspring of concentrated
Azyrite energy dwells within each
Sunblood; this power never entirely
fades, marking them as truly star-
blessed even if they take physical
form. The saurus have quite a
different opinion of the Sunbloods.
To the warrior caste of the Seraphon,
these celestial champions are true
avatars of battle, each a fragment of
a lost reptilian war-deity that has
returned to fight by the side of their
followers against the predations
of Chaos. Amongst the Coalesced,
Sunbloods are treated almost as
demigods by their kin, tangible links
to the distant light of Azyr’s stars.

ASTROLITH BEARERS
An astrolith is a disc of glyph-
inscribed celestite, dominated in its
centre by a mysterious globe. Many
of the tools of the Old Ones arouse
curiosity amongst the Seraphon, but
few are as intriguing or inspiring as
these strange devices. On occasion,
when exploring ancient ruins and
forgotten caverns amongst the
realms, the Seraphon may discover
curious incisions in rocky faces
perfectly shaped to fit an astrolith.
Placing the icon within these grooves
has led to many a great discovery;
the icons are capable of channelling
celestial energy in vast quantities
and through this unlocking hidden
chambers and Realmgates. Around
it do the winds of Azyr blow strong,

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
25

and those Seraphon who tap into
this energy find their powers greatly
enhanced in the icon’s presence.

An astrolith’s bearer is not
necessarily the greatest fighter
amongst a constellation, nor its
most capable general. They have,
however, been deemed by the slann
to possess a great destiny. Saurus are
not prideful creatures, but even they
feel satisfaction upon being chosen
to carry one of the most prized relics
of the Seraphon race; in battle they
would die a thousand times over
before letting it fall, slaughtering any
who approach while keeping the icon
raised high.

Astroliths are particularly common
amongst the armies of the Starborne.
The process through which a slann
‘conjures’ his warriors into existence
– in reality, drawing them forth
from a temple-ship – is accelerated
while in the presence of one or more
astroliths, more powerful reptilian
creatures taking shape from
Azyrite magic as the icon’s glyphs
glow white-hot.

ETERNITY WARDENS
A Starmaster may have hundreds
of Saurus Guard at their command,
each one assigned to protect some
crucial element of the Great Plan.
Few, however, wi l l be entrusted with
the rank of Eternity Warden. To
them falls perhaps the most sacred
duty given to any saurus, for it is
they who must oversee the defence
of the Starmasters themselves. Such
is a necessity, for when a slann takes
to the field of battle they provide an
irresistible target to their enemies.
The presence of an Eternity Warden
allows other saurus commanders
to focus on the business of strategy,
satisfied they do not have to
constantly look over a shoulder to
protect their master.

It is the Eternity Wardens who
decide who wi l l be permitted
access to the slann; their word in
such matters is inviolate, and if a
Seraphon cannot convince them of
the importance of his entreaty then
he stands no chance of standing
before the Starmasters. In battle,
an Eternity Warden alternates

between still watchfulness and
frenzied action. Those who stray
close are brutally bludgeoned by
powerful swings of their star-stone
mace; each blow is delivered with
perfect economy of motion, never
overbalancing or overreaching
and leaving their ward vulnerable.
Saurus Guard wi l l fight all the
harder around Eternity Wardens, for
to be judged lacking in conviction
to their duty would be a fate worse
than death to these warriors. If the
situation demands it an Eternity
Warden wi l l not hesitate to sacrifice
himself for his master; countless
are the tales of heroics performed
by these alpha guardians, snatching
triumph from the jaws of tragedy.

Curiously, a slann’s Eternity Warden
protectors seem remarkably similar
as the years go by, down to the very
same wounds and fighting styles.
Some skinks believe that they are not
true Seraphon at all, but something
else entirely – beings of pure Azyrite
force who are forbidden to rest until
the Great Plan is complete and the
slann’s task finally done.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Primal Savagery

26

PRIMAL SAVAGERY

Saurus cohorts form the mainstay of most Seraphon armies. Each reptilian warrior-breed fulfils a singular
purpose, and they care for nothing save the orders of their commanders. There is nothing warm or relatable
within a saurus – only a primal urge to exterminate those who would stand in the way of fulfilling the Great Plan.

SAURUS WARRIORS
The saurus exist purely for war.
They are utterly loyal to the slann,
and implacable in their mission to
destroy the servants of Chaos – and
any who would aid them, knowingly
or otherwise.

As with all Seraphon, saurus are
not born in the conventional sense
but instead grow within spawning
pools. When the time is right
they wi l l drag themselves from

the glowing waters fully formed,
cold eyes staring intently ahead as
they wait for orders. Typically an
entire cohort of Saurus Warriors is
spawned into being at once, forging
an almost telepathic bond amongst
the spawn-kin that wi l l last for the
rest of their hard, brutal lives. A
Saurus Warrior knows instinctively
what its brothers standing on either
side are about to do, defending them
as they attack or lunging forth to
strike whilst they distract the foe.

This savage discipline is the true
strength of the saurus. Though their
appearance may be bestial, each is
a soldier of formidable focus and
natural talent, capable of performing
complex military manoeuvres at a
single growled command from their
spawn-leaders and alphas.

Every inch of a saurus is lethal.
Their claws are sharp as daggers,
and such is their muscled bulk that
on the charge the force of impact
alone is capable of knocking their
foes sprawling. Powerful tails lash
out to snap leg-bones, while the jaws
of a saurus are capable of crumpling
skulls or crushing rib cages in a
single bite. Their forged weapons are
more lethal still . Some cohorts carry
celestite clubs and blades, each one
viciously spiked to better tear apart
those they bludgeon. Others are
armed with celestite spears, forming
an impregnable wall of pointed
blade-tips as they dare opponents to
charge them. Even a saurus’ shield
possesses brutal bladed edges. Little
can stand before an advancing
saurus cohort, for like the jaws of
some monstrous predator they do
not stop until their prey has been
utterly savaged.

The day-to-day duties of a saurus
cohort can vary, though all relate to
warfare. Aboard the temple-fleets of
the Starborne, Saurus Warriors are
often permitted to roam the world-
chambers, but are otherwise kept
in suspended animation until war
calls ; as the fated time approaches
members of the skink priesthood
wi l l activate the revivification
engines of the temple-ships through
precise rituals they do not truly
understand, warming the blood of
the dormant warriors until they
come to growling life once more.
In flashes of Azyrite energy they
arrive on the battlefield, starlight
shining in their wake as they lope in
perfect synchronicity towards their
ill-fated targets, eyes blazing with
savage purpose.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
27

Coalesced saurus, when not in active
combat, instead form the outer
defences of a temple-city. They can
be found stationed motionless atop
the walls of Seraphon settlements,
keeping their battle-skills sharp
by hunting for prey alongside
their spawn brothers or tirelessly
patrolling the depths of the choking
jungle. Their tough scales and
natural determination makes them
difficult to lay low through ambush;
if even one saurus survives the initial
strike he wi l l fight on without pause,
buying time for reinforcements
to arrive. Coalesced saurus are
particularly savage examples of
their kind, their natural predatory
instincts amplified as the light of
Azyr that fills them joins with the
magical energies of the other realms.

The image of the cold-yet-feral
Saurus Warrior has entered into
the legends and mythologies of
cultures across the Mortal Realms.
When Stormcast Eternals of the
Knights Excelsior fought to purge
the Caverns of Ravvagas in Ghur,
they discovered centuries-old
cave paintings depicting reptilian
warriors descending from the
stars to strike down the sorcerer-
cabals who held dominion over the
land. Since time immemorial the
mordants of the Heartgash Grand
Court have clad themselves in
the scaled hides of reptilians and
wielded crude clubs and spears
crafted from sharpened bone,
believing that they are the primeval
figures they recall in flashes of
demented memory.

Of all races, however, the saurus have
found their most kindred spirits –
much to their distaste – amongst the
barbarous orruks. Whether brutal
Ironjaw or manic Bonesplitter,
the green-skinned hordes find the
saurus to be rather humourless
but magnificently committed
and straightforward opponents.
Some particularly cunning orruk
bosses have even taken to erecting
defaced totems in crude parodies of
monoliths dedicated to the Chaos
Gods; through these they hope to
attract the wrathfu l attentions of the
Seraphon, for they know that where
the saurus tread can be found the
best fights of a l l .

SAURUS GUARD
Waves of the enemy’s most elite
warriors crash and break against the
tightly locked shields of the Saurus
Guard. To those who would dare
attempt to approach a Starmaster
unbidden they are a remorseless wall
of scale and snapping jaws. Not once
wi l l these implacable guardians take
a step back, or abandon their master
as battle rages. Even in times of
relative peace other Seraphon must
approach the slann with care, for
more than one over-eager skink has
been cut in twain by a single blow
from a dedicated Saurus Guard.

Unlike most Seraphon, Saurus
Guard do not rise from the spawning
pools in cohorts; instead, as
casualties occur amongst the ranks
of the guardians, new warriors wi l l
emerge in ones and twos. They wi l l
silently make their way through a
ziggurat-temple to the armouries of
their new brothers, taking up their
sacred weapons and armour without
a word. When they fall into rank
it is as if they have fought amongst
their kin for decades. Such casualties
are rare, however. A Saurus Guard’s
scales are incredibly thick, and they
are capable of surviving blows that
would penetrate even the tough
hide of a Saurus Warrior. They are
masters of defensive warfare, almost
invulnerable when using their scaled
shields in concert. At the Sundering
of the Vale of Statues the guardians
of Starmaster Lumqu locked their
shields together in a great dome,
weathering the heavy tread of a
titanic Khornate warlord known as
the Brazen Gargant.

As well as protecting the slann,
Saurus Guard are often charged
with watching over the most sacred
areas of a Seraphon ziggurat.
Concentrations of vitrified
realmstone, scrying-chambers
filled with astromantic technology,

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!

shrines to the Old Ones – all wi l l
be protected by a cohort of tireless
Saurus Guard, the dust of decades
covering their immobile bodies.
At the first sign of an intruder they
move with shocking speed, statues
given life to swiftly and efficiently
dismantle their prey.

SAURUS KNIGHTS
Riding at the vanguard of a
Seraphon battleline can be found the
Saurus Knights. They are amongst
the premier shock troops of the
Seraphon, skilled cavalry well versed
in a wide array of military doctrines,
from disruptive hit-and-run strikes
to line-breaking massed charges.
Beneath icons in the shape of coiling
serpents the Saurus Knights ride into
the midst of battle with predatory
eagerness, tearing the foe apart in
a storm of blades and claws. Those
who somehow manage to survive the
initial impact are soon trampled by
the force of their passing.

The mounts of the Saurus Knights
are known as Cold Ones. They are
fierce, territorial beasts, viciously
cunning and deadly in battle. When
left to their own devices Cold Ones
are notoriously foul-tempered and
w i l fu l . Even those that are Starborne
are wont to revert to their primal
instincts, snapping at any Seraphon
who draws too close and devouring
unfortunate skinks . If a pack of Cold
Ones makes its way into a wider
temple-ship or city it can cause all
manner of trouble, until a cohort of
Saurus Knights can corral them.

Knights are a specialist subspecies
of the saurus race; considered to
be blessed by the Old One widely
known as Itzl, Father of Beasts,
they possess specially adapted
dewclaws that allow them to direct
their steeds even while fighting.
More importantly, each has a
natural affinity with wild creatures,
particularly the Cold Ones. Under
the domineering wi l l of a Saurus
Knight a Cold One turns from
simply a dangerous predator to
a focused engine of destruction;
a whole cohort of the beasts and
their riders acting in unison is
capable of turning the tide of battle
by themselves.


PAGEBREAK
Priests of the Seraphon

28

PRIESTS OF THE SERAPHON

Cosmic light shines brightly within the priests of the skinks. Their command of celestial magic is second only
to that of the slann, and through them the Seraphon interpret the will of the heavens. Those of a lesser rank
faithfully serve their masters, while the most senior aid the slann in deciding the destiny of the Seraphon race.

SKINK STARSEERS
The most venerable skink
spellcasters are known as Starseers.
Few students of the arcane, even
amongst the Stormhosts of Sigmar,
can match their connection to the
magic of Azyr. With but a flexing
of their wi l l a Starseer can divine
meaning from the pattern of stars,
anticipate stellar events with cosmic
ramifications, and foresee the
best way in which to engineer the
downfall of the Seraphon’s enemies.
Most slann are served by several
Starseers, contributing their own
oracular powers to the scrying of
the future and ensuring that the
results are disseminated to the
commanders and lesser priestly
leaders of the Seraphon. Without the
prognostication of the Starseers the
constellations would be functionally
blind to the celestial portents.

Owing to their role at the top of
the skink priesthood’s hierarchy,
Starseers are held in awe by the
Seraphon; even saurus wi l l bow their
heads deferentially in a Starseer’s
presence. As well as ruling over
sizeable districts within a temple-
city, or their own ships within the
fleets, a primary duty of the Starseers
is the fashioning of celestite. Few
are better at working with this
strange material than they, and
though they cannot reproduce the
greatest treasures of the Old Ones
they possess enough knowledge to
maintain that already possessed
by the Seraphon. It is with this
knowledge that the Starseers fashion
their floating thrones, smaller
renditions of the majestic palanquins
of the slann. Suitably ensconced, it
is not uncommon for a Starseer to
be mistaken for the overlords of the
Seraphon by those who encounter
them. This is not discouraged by
the Starseers, though not for ego
or ambition; their devotion to their
slann is total, and if they must attract
a foe’s wrath so their masters can
work in peace then it is a sacrifice
they wi l l gladly make.

headed serpent, one of the many
zodiacal leviathans that dwell
within the Azyrite heavens, to coat
the blades and even jaws of their
fellow Seraphon in potent venom. A
single scratch from such a weapon
can leave the enemy wracked with
feverish convulsions, their last sight
that of a Starpriest calling down the
wrath of the heavens.

SKINK PRIESTS
Owing to the distant nature of the
slann and the mono-minded focus
on war held by the saurus, it is the
skink priesthood that ensures the
efficient running of day-to-day life
for the Seraphon. Just as several
Starpriests may attend to a more
powerful mage, a Starpriest wi l l
have a clutch of lesser assistants and
viziers to carry out their wi l l . These
priests, skinks who have excelled
themselves in war or craft, fu lfi l the
role of intermediaries, taking the
word of their masters to the heaving
masses of skinkdom that throng
each temple-city or fleet’s workers’
quarters. A Skink Priest wi l l be
responsible for several divisions
of skinks ; competition between
divisions can be fierce, with each
Priest exhorting their followers to
raise the greatest monuments to the
glory of the Old Ones or achieve the
highest production quota of celestite
weapons and tools of industry.

In times of war, the Skink Priests
wi l l organise their skinks into
cohorts and lead them into battle.
In this they perform a similar role
to the Skink Chiefs, but where a
Chief wi l l focus on executing wider
strategy a Skink Priest’s concern is
the motivation of those under his
command. Though they possess no
innate magical talent, Skink Priests
have been well trained by their
Starpriest masters in the mystical
rites of the Seraphon. Through these
they lead their followers in celestial
rituals and veneration of the lost Old
Ones. In times of crisis, the flighty

STARPRIESTS
On occasion, the activation of a
spawning pool wi l l produce but a
single skink . More often than not,
they prove skilled in the magical
arts; these creatures are not destined
for the life of the labourer, nor the
artisan . Instead, they wi l l join the
ranks of the Starpriests.

A Starpriest’s grasp of the winds
aetheric is instinctive, and further
honed by tutelage from their Starseer
masters. Several Starpriests wi l l
attend to each Starseer; some, often
the most promising mages of a
constellation, wi l l even serve a slann
directly. Starpriests are amongst
the most comparatively gregarious
of their reptilian breed, and many
have a natural talent for dealing
with non-Seraphon. The Fangs of
Sotek in particular make great use
of Starpriests, and amongst skink
embassies set up throughout the free
cities they serve as chief ambassadors
to a city’s authorities.

While they are trained to divine
meaning from celestial portents,
Starpriests are more proactive
in their spellcraft than the
contemplative Starseers, preferring
to unleash blasts of celestial
lightning or scour enemy formations
under the uncompromising light of
the stars. As with many Seraphon
leaders, they often carry techno-
arcane relics. Most common are
the serpent staffs; with the correct
invocations a skink wizard may
channel the power of the twin-

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
29

nature of the skinks makes them
prone to forming bizarre sub-cults,
worshipping mystical jungle beasts
or the mysterious serpent god. It is
the priests that lead these cults, their
deviance tolerated by the slann so
long as it does not interfere with the
Great Plan.

Skink Priests are also often
entrusted with examples of Old
One technology; many wi l l carry
staffs of office that can unleash
white-hot bursts of energy as bright
as a star. These qualities make the
priests the most tangible link to
their godly creators most skinks
wi l l ever encounter; they are figures
of great devotion for the masses
of Seraphon society, and at their
chirped commands do the skinks
fight all the harder for the glory of
the Great Plan.

ORACLES
Oracles are amongst the strangest
of all skink sub-breeds. There is no
formal process of induction by which
a priest joins their number; rather,
Oracles come into being through

the direct magical intervention of
the slann in the spawning process.
Such an occurrence is rare, taking
place perhaps once every thousand
astrological cycles. The skink
that crawls from a spawning pool
so blessed wi l l be immediately
identified by their forked tail, a
physiological deviation considered to
be a mark of the Old Ones’ favour by
even the cold and rational Starborne.

Oracles are typically impassive
and distant, their faces hidden by
intricate golden masks. Only when
the influence of the slann comes
over them do they become truly
animated. The skink’s eyes roll back
as their body begins to twitch, rabid
froth escaping over their lips. As
the cosmic power of their master
fills them the Oracle wi l l babble
out a stream of proclamations.
These words are eagerly transcribed
by nearby priests, recorded upon
golden tablets of prophecy. Such
is the connection between Oracle
and slann that the Starmasters can
channel sorceries through these
skinks no matter the distance
between them. Oracles themselves

are capable spellcasters, particularly
skilled in the unravelling of enemy
magics. To this end they carry
artefacts capable of undoing even
the mightiest spells, dissipating
their energies with pulses of
ancient power.

Oracles have developed a strange
symbiosis of their own with the
loathsome behemoths known as
Troglodons, or simply the ‘Pale
Death’. These foul creatures dwell
in the darkest recesses of a temple-
ship, or within the caves and swamps
surrounding a temple-city; though
blind, they possess keen hearing and
smell, and are capable of releasing
a stream of highly toxic spittle.
Troglodons are loners by nature, but
like the Oracles they possess a twin-
pronged tail, and it is perhaps this
shared blessing that allows an Oracle
to instantly tame the troglodytic
beasts. Oracles habitually ride atop
Troglodons, directing the creatures
through their own far-seeing eyes as
they undertake missions too vital or
nuanced to be entrusted to any but
the very personifications of the reach
and wi l l of the slann.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Hunting Packs

30

HUNTING PACKS

Naturally stealthy and quick of limb, skinks play a vital role in both the society and the armies of the Seraphon.
These intelligent beings make up for their small stature through a variety of means, whether by unleashing a
stream of poisoned projectiles into unsuspecting enemies or marshalling fearsome creatures to savage the foe.

SKINKS
Skinks form the greatest portion
of Seraphon society. Though often
shorter than even a duardin, they
are quick, clever and highly vocal,
even capable of learning the tongue
of other races. When combined with
their inherent dexterity, this allows
them to excel in the roles of artisans ,
menial labourers and scribes. It is
they who oversee the expansion of a
temple-city from its initial landing,
and they who attempt to maintain
the Old Ones’ technological

artefacts. That they do not entirely
understand the functioning of these
devices is of no particular concern
to the skinks ; their commitment to
the Great Plan is absolute, and the
command of the slann is justification
enough for any task.

Owing to their physical frailty,
skinks are not naturally confident
warriors. Though in times of
desperation they wi l l selflessly throw
themselves into a melee, most seek to
avoid physical confrontation where

possible. These skittish tendencies
become more pronounced as they
coalesce in the realms, and the pure
light of Azyr that blazes within
them is diluted. Ever cunning, the
skinks have turned these qualities
to their advantage. They are talented
skirmishers, preferring to engage
the foe safely at range. Celestite
javelins, often forged by the wielder’s
own hands, are short-ranged but
deadly missiles that can lay low
even the largest monsters when
hurled in sufficient numbers. The
venomous darts of a boltspitter have
less immediate stopping power, but
are capable of being propelled over
considerable distance with a single
powerful breath. Those skinks who
do engage their enemies face-to-face
wi l l swarm in a great mass. They wi l l
seek to pull down their opponents
under weight of snapping jaws
and small but deadly moonstone
clubs, their spirits bolstered by
the invocations of their revered
priestly leaders.

CHAMELEON SKINKS
Many subspecies of skink possess
their own unique qualities, each vital
for the propagation of the Great Plan.
Perhaps the most infamous of these
gifted beings are the Chameleon
Skinks . Chameleon Skinks possess
a unique ability to reduce their
body to little more than formless
shadow, blending in with their
surroundings. They range ahead
of the warhosts, hiding in plain
sight before showering the enemy
with blow-darts coated in deadly
poisons squeezed from the bodies of
iridescent amphibians found within
the Seraphon world-chambers.

The source of the Chameleon Skinks ’
unique talents is unclear, but many
potential explanations have spread
throughout skinkdom. Some whisper
that the first temple-ships to spawn
Chameleons did not sail amongst
the light of Azyr, but instead the
penumbral gloom of Ulgu, and

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
31

sprays of volatile acids that ignite
into flaming life upon contact with
the air. Those unfortunate enough
to be on the receiving end of this
deluge find themselves covered in
the devouring juices. Armour and
flesh melts like hot wax, sloughing
away from the bone as the victim
screams and thrashes impotently.
These same corrosive fluids drip
from a Salamander’s jaws, beginning
to digest any who are bitten while
the hapless prey is still alive.

Salamanders are used by the
Seraphon to guard the flanks of their
armies, or to storm the strongest
points of an enemy line. Even the
sturdiest fortifications can be melted
down by these beasts’ spouted
flames, while those warriors who

survive the initial onslaught find
their flesh continues to slough
away little by little wherever it was
touched by a Salamander’s fires.

Many Aqshian tribes revere
Salamanders as primal spirits of fire,
wearing the great cooling fri l ls that
surround the beasts’ necks as marks
of strength and rulership. Some
point to a relationship between these
creatures and the slain godbeast
Vulcatrix. This seems implausible,
given the celestial nature of the
Seraphon, but in deep trophy vaults
within the magmaholds of the
Fyreslayers can be found skeletal
remains that resemble Salamanders
– a fact suggesting that the Seraphon
have been active in the realms for far
longer than most would suspect.

during that time the power of the
shadows seeped into the fleet’s
spawning pools. The Chameleons
have proved their worth as the
assassins of the Seraphon. Hidden
within cities and barbarous war-
camps they lurk in wait for a shot at
their target. Chaos Lords, Soulblight
nobles, roaring Megabosses and
champions of Sigmar have all met
untimely demises on the end of a
Chameleon Skink’s poisoned dart .

RAZORDONS
One of the many duties performed
by a constellation’s skinks is
rearing those reptilian beasts that
supplement the bipedal members
of the Seraphon race. Within their
temples are chambers filled with
rank upon rank of eggs, incubated
by the curious technology of the Old
Ones. The Seraphon have all manner
of uses for the beasts that hatch from
these eggs, including herding some
onto the battlefield in deadly packs.
Initially suffused in Azyrite energy
these creatures are capable of being
teleported across the realms by
the slann, and wi l l slowly coalesce
and take physical form as do their
Seraphon masters.

Razordons are predatory reptiles
whose backs are covered in rows
of sharp spines. Through powerful
muscular spasms they are capable of
unleashing volleys of these missiles
with incredible force. A sufficiently
enraged Razordon can fill the air
with a storm of spines, and more
than one unlucky skink handler has
been pincushioned for their trouble
after prodding the cantankerous
beasts. Enemies who draw too close
to a Razordon similarly stoke the
beast’s ire. Instinctively territorial,
Razordons have a knack for waiting
until just the right moment to let
loose their barrage, and a pack of
the creatures working in concert
can shred even the most determined
enemy charges.

SALAMANDERS
The death dealt by a Salamander
is hideous to behold. From the
fleshy sacs upon their necks, these
aggressive predatory creatures are
capable of belching forth great

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Predatory Fury

32

PREDATORY FURY

Fearsome aerial predators and monstrously strong beasts of burden advance alongside Seraphon armies, their
speed and power supplementing the cold fury of the saurus. It is the skinks that bear responsibility for corralling
these creatures, directing their predatory instincts to where they can cause the most devastation upon the enemy.

TERRADON RIDERS
Terradons swoop above the
battlefield in great flocks, their
shrill cawing echoing across
the massed armies below. Their
leathery wings and natural agility
make them talented gliders; it is
possible for a Terradon to stay aloft
for several days on end if they hit
a series of thermal currents, their
wings flapping only occasionally
to keep them flying high. When
the prey is sighted a Terradon wi l l
let out a blood-curdling screech

before diving with blistering speed.
Zephyrs of scintillating energy
trail in their wake, and they strike
before the foe is even aware of them,
tearing the prey apart with lines of
razor-sharp teeth.

Skinks who ride to battle atop
Terradons fu lfi l the roles of scouts
and outriders. Terradon Riders
prefer to avoid close combat where
possible, utilising the speed of their
mounts to launch probing strikes
before falling back. Their favoured

weapons reflect this predilection;
javelins are popular, as is the
sunleech bolas, a curious Seraphon
innovation that hurls small creatures
known as sunleeches. Those struck
by such a missile wi l l be consumed
by flame as the volatile creatures
detonate on impact. Most infamous
are the payloads hoisted by the
Terradons themselves. The back legs
of these creatures are remarkably
powerful, capable of lugging
considerable weights for a distance.
Skink artisans inscribe chunks of
meteorite with Azyrite sigils before
attaching handles onto them, ready
for the Terradons to carry them to
war. At a signal from their riders the
intelligent beasts wi l l release their
burdens, the rocks exploding in
blasts of heavenly light as they crash
down onto the foe.

RIPPERDACTYL RIDERS
Ripperdactyls are savagery given
form. Merciless avian predators, they
wi l l readily attack any creature – no
matter its size– in a maddened rage
without warning. Even when not
compelled by hunger a Ripperdactyl
wi l l be driven to k i l l by some
unspoken impetus, as if slaughter
itself somehow provides sustenance
to these fearsome creatures.

Skinks that ride Ripperdactyls
are sometimes known as ‘braves’,
and are veritable daredevils by
the standards of their skittish
kind. Their moonstone spears
are sharp and swift, but it is the
apoplectic fury and hooked talons
of the Ripperdactyls that do most
of the k i l l ing work. To focus the
Ripperdactyls’ rage, Seraphon
wizards conjure small beasts known
as blot toads to the battlefield. Their
scent both attracts Ripperdactyls and
drives them to bloodthirsty mania;
often the first an enemy knows of
the doom lurking in their midst
is when a pack of Ripperdactyls
descends from above and messily
rips them asunder.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
33

KROXIGOR
Kroxigor are towering brutes
twice the height of a man and
possessed of phenomenal
strength. Their scales are
tough as sigmarite, and their
jaws so strong that even the
greatest monsters can be
hamstrung by a single savage
bite. One Kroxigor is capable
of scattering many times its
number of lesser foes; a whole
cohort of them can shore up an
entire battlefield flank .

Kroxigor have proven
invaluable in expanding the
temple-cities now settled across
the realms, and respected by
the saurus for their physical
prowess. It is the skinks ,
however, who possess the
closest relationship with
these giants. Though they
are far from mentally agile,
Kroxigor wi l l work diligently
at any task given them by the
smaller lizardfolk. In battle
it is not uncommon to see
Kroxigor fighting alongside
skink cohorts, the natural
connection they feel with the
smaller Seraphon spurring
them on as they lash out at
those who would threaten their
diminutive kin .

SKINK CHIEFS
The largest and strongest skinks ,
or those who otherwise distinguish
themselves in battle, may eventually
rise to the rank of Chief. Whilst the
upper ranks of the skink priesthood
focus upon divining the celestial
portents and unleashing heavenly
magics upon the foe, and the lower
priestly castes marshal and inspire
the skinks in times of war, it is the
Chiefs that strive to coordinate
wider battlefield strategy between
the skink cohorts and whoever has
command of the overall army.

Riding high above the battlefield
on winged reptilian beasts, Chiefs
call out shrill orders to the cohorts
below, their daring feats as inspiring
to their fellow skinks as any priestly
ritual. Often, members of the skink
priesthood wi l l be served by multiple

Chiefs who serve as executors
of their wi l l in times of war; a
particularly skilled or promising
Chief may even lead a grouping of
Seraphon cohorts as a small army of
its own, often when the Great Plan
requires coordination of a mission
too complex or subtle for the single-
minded saurus to grasp.

A Skink Chief’s choice of mount
is a reflection of their quirks and
personality, and wi l l define the
role they are expected to play in
battle. Those who ride upon loyal
Terradons are sometimes referred
to as Masters of the Skies, and are
amongst the more cautious of their
kind. Their deep connection with
their mounts allows them to perform
feats of death-defying agility that
render them nearly impossible to
hit for those on the ground. They

are exemplary spotters and scouts,
signalling nearby Terradon Riders
when to hurl their missiles or drop
their meteoric boulders to the most
devastating effect.

Those Chiefs who instead dare to
take a Ripperdactyl as a mount are
amongst the most aggressive of all
skinks , though their role is not to
launch themselves into battles they
cannot win. Instead, they wi l l lead
gung-ho hit-and-run attacks with
a bravado uncommon to the stoic
and focused Seraphon; they are
often amongst the first warriors of
a starhost to engage the enemy, and
if their boldness is not encouraging
enough to those who follow
them then the sight of an alpha
Ripperdactyl unleashing its fury
can fill even the most nervous skink
with confidence.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Wrath of the Cosmos

34

WRATH OF THE COSMOS

The serried ranks of a constellation’s armies include huge colossi of war. These monsters are capable of shrugging
off the mightiest of blows, crushing all before them under their terrific strength and deadly natural weapons.
Upon their backs ride cadres of skinks, entrusted to operate the devastating techno-arcane relics of the Old Ones.

STEGADONS
Stegadons are titanic quadrupeds
coated in layers of thick scale. Their
most defining aspect is a large and
prominent head-crest, from which
protrudes a series of lethally sharp
horns. The mammoth bulk of these
creatures is sustained by their
omnivorous diet. They are capable
of devouring just about anything in
their path and extracting some kind
of nutrition from it; a Stegadon’s
robust digestive system means that,
once the beast is on the move, it
can keep going almost indefinitely
provided there are sufficient
opportunities to feed along the way.
At least one ogor tribe worships the
horned beasts as scaly avatars of
insatiable Gorkamorka, following
in their stomping path through
the sweltering jungle depths and
devouring anything the Stegadons
leave behind.

Under normal circumstances,
Stegadons are one of the more docile
beasts to be found in the company of
the Seraphon. Long have they been
used by the lizardfolk as beasts of
burden, working alongside Kroxigor
and skink labour-gangs to transport
heavy construction materials
or flatten areas of land upon
which can be built roadways and
sprawling temple complexes. Most
constellations have racks upon racks
of Stegadon eggs stored within their
ziggurats, but the greatest spawning
pools are also capable of producing
fully-grown beasts instantly when
fed with enough power. Stegadons
produced through this method tend
to be more closely linked to the
power of Azyr, their scales shining
with heavenly light, and all manner
of zodiacal markings cover their
hides like constellations across the
night sky.

Despite their lack of natural
aggression, Stegadons wi l l react
violently when faced with a threat.
The Seraphon harness this strength
to their own ends by mounting large

howdahs to the backs of these beasts.
The skinks that crew them have often
served in a constellation’s hatcheries,
and wi l l have a close bond with the
Stegadon they ride. From up high
they hurl javelins tipped with sharp
meteoric rock, or otherwise crew the
deadly war engines that are often
mounted to a howdah – skystreak
bows, their large projectiles capable
of punching through an entire
rank of armoured warriors, are
perennially popular, as are dual
flame-belching devices known as
sunfire throwers. It is the Stegadon
itself that provides the greatest
danger to opponents, however.
When imperilled a Stegadon’s typical
response is to lower their head and
charge, trusting in their sheer bulk
to send them crashing through the
enemy lines and goring anything
foolish or unfortunate enough to
remain in their path. Most of the
time this proves more than sufficient.
Considering the destruction a
Stegadon is capable of meting out,
and the punishment it can survive in
turn, it is not surprising that many
skinks prefer to fight in the shadow
of these beasts. In the Stegadon they
see the majesty of the Old Ones
made manifest, a reptilian idol that
brings swift death to those who
would oppose them.

When the Great Plan calls for a
city to be stomped flat or a foe to
be utterly eradicated, a Starmaster
wi l l construct their warhosts
around the mightiest warbeasts
bred by his constellation. Though a
Saurus Oldblood mounted upon a
Carnosaur wi l l often command such
hosts, veteran Skink Chiefs mounted
upon Stegadons are essential for
leading the skittish hunting packs
and stampedes of titanic jungle
beasts. As the charge of the massed
lizard-monsters builds momentum
the ground shudders and cracks;
enemy shieldwalls lose cohesion
as they struggle to stay balanced,
regaining their footing just as the
Chief and the monsters under his

control crash into their lines with
terrifying force.

ENGINES OF THE GODS
The Great Plan of the Old Ones
was impossibly vast in scale. The
very stuff of universes was little
more than building blocks to these
beings, through which they could
sculpt existence into their own,
more ordered image. To achieve
these inconceivable ambitions,
they constructed many strange
devices to further amplify their
phenomenal magical powers. Most
of these artefacts lie dormant within
the innermost vaults of Seraphon
temples, their function unknown
even to the Starmasters. The Engines
of the Gods, however, are far from
lost treasures – their power still
sends shock waves across battlefields
throughout the Mortal Realms.

Engines of the Gods are carried
upon the backs of the most ancient
Stegadons, for only they are judged
to possess the correct temperament
to bear such relics. Arcane energies
thrum through the devices, the
air surrounding them charged
with barely contained magical
potential. When a member of the
skink priesthood depresses the
glowing glyph-plaques in the correct
sequence, the power locked with
the Engines is unleashed. If the
Seraphon ever understood how these
creations worked, they have long
since forgotten; even the slann can
only manipulate the Engines’ power
so far. The results of their activation
are therefore almost impossible to
predict. Enemies are torn asunder in
blasts of azure lightning or simply
blink from existence as cosmic
laws are rewritten around them.
Time itself is upended to reknit the
wounds of nearby Seraphon or even
summon warriors yet to be spawned
from the heavens. On occasion, an
Engine of the Gods may harness
such power that the universe begins
to shake apart around it, the rules of

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
35

reason rebelling violently against its
being. This potential for unforeseen
devastation has seen the Engines
of the Gods become weapons of
last resort for the Seraphon. Most
constellations wi l l possess but
a handful of the ancient cosmic
devices, bringing them forth from
their ward-locked temples only at
the most perilous cruxes of fate.
There are those, however, such as the
Thunder Lizard or Tepok’s Breath,
who possess many examples of
functioning Engines. When they
are deployed en masse the power
these devices unleash is horrifying
in its scope, the very fabric of reality
reshaped to the Seraphon’s designs.

BASTILADONS
Through the deepest jungles
lumber the Bastiladons, each an
unstoppable wa lking fortress. Few
creatures of the realms can rival
these reptilian behemoths in terms
of sheer resilience. Their backs are
covered in thick shield-scales as
hard as sigmarite, and their skin
is more ak in to impervious bone
than soft flesh. Blows capable of

sundering runeforged gromril may
leave only the most minor dent
in a Bastiladon’s armoured hide;
cursed runeblades and impossibly
sharp glaives snap on impact, their
wielders subsequently bludgeoned
with spine-shattering force by the
heavy bone club found at the tip of a
Bastiladon’s powerful tai l .

Even the spectral blades of the
Nighthaunt can find little purchase
against a Bastiladon, for within
their bodies the power of Azyr is
tightly compacted, its brilliance
burning away any attempted strike
at the creature’s soul. Legends of
the Bastiladons’ imperviousness
have spread far, and more than one
canny Kharadron captain has made
respectable profit dealing in ‘genuine
Bastiladon-scale plate armour’.

Perhaps a Bastiladon’s only weakness
is its slow speed, weighed down as it
is by many layers of defence. Owing
to this ponderous gait, Bastiladons
are typically employed as living
war machines by the Seraphon.
Many carry Solar Engines, terribly
destructive artefacts capable of

emitting focused beams of celestial
energy that are particularly
dangerous to the ancient foes of the
Seraphon – the daemons of Chaos.
The vast amount of excess heat that
bleeds from these weapons would
normally render them hazardous to
any beast that carried them, but the
thick armour plates of a Bastiladon
are strong enough to insulate it from
any debilitating pain.

More mysterious, but no less deadly,
are the Arks of Sotek. Each of these
strange devices is in fact a Realmgate
in miniature, connected to the
deep serpent-pits that are found
throughout Seraphon temples and
heave with reptilian life. When
an Ark is activated many of these
venomous snakes wi l l be transported
to the battlefield. Whether
compelled by some unknowable
command of the Ark, or simply
agitated by the sudden dislocation,
the serpents swarm towards the
enemy at a terrifying pace. Even the
greatest monsters and champions are
soon laid low by the poisons injected
into their bloodstreams through
countless piercing fang-bites.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Ancient enmity exists between the rat and the serpent. When their temple-cities are threatened by
their verminous foes, the Seraphon respond with cold and merciless fury.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
COSMIC GLORY

38

COSMIC GLORY

The Seraphon are a force unlike any other on the battlefields of the Mortal Realms, combining arcane technology
and primal might into a single deadly whole. Here we present a showcase of the Seraphon range of Citadel
Minatures expertly painted by Games Workshop’s ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Under the gaze of the venerable Lord Kroak, a temple-host of the Coalesced marches out from their jungle domain to
destroy those who would interfere with the grand design of the Old Ones.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
39

Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur

Saurus Oldblood

Saurus Sunblood

Saurus Oldblood

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
40

In a flash of blinding starlight the cavalry hosts of Dracothion’s Tail strike, their assaults launched with the utmost
precision to bring the Great Plan one step closer to completion.

Saurus Astrolith Bearer

Saurus Eternity Warden

Saurus Guard Alpha

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
41

Engine of the Gods

Slann Starmaster

The red-crested skinks of the Fangs of Sotek advance stealthily through the undergrowth, accompanied by the arcane
power of a strange and deadly Engine of the Gods.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Terradon Riders strike with the speed and force of a meteor shower. Swooping low over the
battlefield, they unleash their deadly payloads before the foe even realises they are under attack.

Ripperdactyl Rider Alpha

Ripperdactyl Rider

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Terradon Rider with sunleech bolas

Terradon Rider Alpha with
sunleech bolas

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
44

Skink Starpriest

Skink Starseer

Chameleon Skink

Troglodons can unleash streams of toxic spittle.

Skink Oracle on Troglodon

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
45

Bastiladons regularly carry powerful relics of the Old Ones into battle. Few are more dreaded than the serpent-spewing
devices known as the Arks of Sotek.

Bastiladon with Solar Engine

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
46

Kroxigor fight even harder when they take to battle alongside their skink cousins, their cold and brutish fury raised to
new heights and eagerly vented upon the enemies of the Seraphon.

Kroxigor with drakebite maul

Kroxigor with moon hammer

Kroxigor with drakebite maul

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
47

Saurus Guard Alpha of
Potemec’s Horns

Saurus Guard of
Kaputoq’s Quiver

Stardrake Icon Bearer of
Koatl’s Claw

Saurus Warrior of
Itzalotl’s Eye

Skink of
Xelbabia’s Scales

Skink of
Chotec’s Feather

Skink of
Huanchi’s Jaws

Skink of
Loxibitl’s Spine

Under the leadership of an Oldblood mounted upon a mighty Carnosaur, skinks of the Thunder Lizard seek out new
nodes of the Astromatrix amidst the perilous wilds of the realms.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WILL OF THE OLD ONES

48

WILL OF THE OLD ONES

Celestial creatures of Order, the Seraphon fight to enact the Great Plan of their long-lost creators and defeat their
ancient enemies, the gods of Chaos. There are many ways to go about amassing a collecting of Seraphon Citadel
Miniatures, and these pages show one example of how such a reptilian army can be mustered for war.

As with any Warhammer Age of
Sigmar army, the best way to begin
collecting a Seraphon force is to
decide what you want to achieve
with it. Is it your goal to amass your
favourite miniatures and lavish
attention on them while painting?
Do you want to use cunning tactics
and powerful synergies to achieve
glorious victory in clashes on the
tabletop? Perhaps instead you’ve
been inspired by the rich lore of
the Seraphon, and wish to recreate
a particular narrative you’ve read
about in this battletome or another
Age of Sigmar publication.

Whatever the case, the Seraphon
army and its wide range of beautiful
miniatures have something to suit
your needs. Here’s how we assembled
the force shown below.

a Starseer to further ensure our
magical dominance, as well as to
generate extra command points over
the course of the game to spend on
powerful command abilities.

A Slann Starmaster is the perfect
general for any Seraphon army,
whether Starborne or Coalesced.
With his potent sorceries and
array of army-boosting abilities
he’s a powerful force multiplier,
and – suitably protected by a loyal
cohort of Saurus Guard – is easily
capable of turning the tide of battle
by himself. We’ve also selected

Disciplined cohorts of Saurus
Warriors are the backbone of most
Seraphon armies, and ours wi l l be
perfect for holding objectives or
engaging the enemy in savage close
combat. Skinks and Chameleon
Skinks might not be as tough in
a straight-up fight, but with their
ability to cross the battlefield quickly
and harass the foe from range –

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
not to mention the Chameleon
Skinks ’ talent for launching deadly
ambushes – they open up our
tactical options significantly. Some
Kroxigors round out our infantry
selections; when they fight alongside
cohorts of Skinks , these muscular
brutes become even more lethal
than ever.

No Seraphon army is complete
without a fearsome monster or
two. An Oldblood mounted upon a
Carnosaur is a supremely powerful
opponent in close combat, and can
inspire his fellow saurus to fight all
the harder in his presence. Joining
him are a stampede of Stegadons and
a Bastiladon; the Bastiladon’s solar
engine gives the army access to a
powerful ranged weapon on a nearly
impervious platform, while one
of the Stegadons carries an arcane

Engine of the Gods. To round out
our selection of primeval monsters,
a flight of Ripperdactyl Riders is a
great choice for a rapid-response unit
that can descend upon the foe and
swiftly tear their limb from limb.

Overall, this Seraphon army presents
a balanced selection of units for
collectors and painters to sink their
teeth into, as well as offering gamers
with a wide variety of tactics to
employ on the battlefield.

49

Looking at our selection of models,
we can group the Engine of the
Gods, Stegadon, Bastiladon,
and Kroxigor into a powerful
Thunderquake warscroll battalion.
The rules for this battalion differ
depending on whether we choose
to use this army to represent a force
of mysterious Starborne or savage
Coalesced, offering us plenty of
different tactical options to try
out on the tabletop. In either case,
this collection of titanic monsters
provides a solid and striking
hammer for our battle-line, around
which to base our plans for victory.

1. Slann Starmaster
2. Saurus Guard
3. Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur
4. Saurus Warriors
5. Skink Starseer
6. Sk inks
7. Chameleon Sk inks
8. Ripperdactyl Riders
9. Engine of the Gods
10. Stegadon
11. Bastiladon
12. Kroxigor

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR SERAPHON

50

PAINTING YOUR
SERAPHON

The Seraphon are a force like no other, mixing cosmic technology and the power of the arcane with animalistic
warriors and savage warbeasts. These qualities combine to make them an incredibly rewarding painting project.
The following pages contain useful hints and tips to get your Seraphon looking their best.

A painted army of Seraphon looks
stunning on the tabletop. Ranks of
saurian warriors joined by nimble
skinks and towering monsters
possess a variety of scaly textures
that gives them a distinctive
appearance. When massed into a
single force, these varied units come
together into a single whole that is
sure to strike terror into the hearts of
the enemies of the Old Ones.

Painting your Seraphon miniatures
need not be daunting. There are
plenty of techniques you can use to
get your reptilian warriors ready for
battle in no time, and the Citadel
Paint System contains all the colours
you need to bring your army to life.
There’s no right or wrong way to

go about painting your minatures;
most Seraphon are blue, but there’s
nothing stopping the warriors
of your constellation from being
green, red, yellow or any colour that
you wish.

Larger monsters are a great
opportunity to introduce some
variety into your force. Real-world
lizards are a wonderful source of
inspiration for different markings
and patterns to draw inspiration
from, and – alongside the high
technology of the Old Ones carried
by many of these beasts – can
make these models truly stunning
centrepieces for your primeval hosts.
In the end, the most important thing
to remember is that this is your

hobby; whatever your level of ski l l
or desired result, this painting guide
wi l l provide you with some great tips
to help you achieve your goal.

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

SAURUS SKIN AND SCALES

TEETH AND EYES

1

2

3

Apply an even layer of
Akhelian Green over
a spray undercoat of
Corax White.

Meditate upon the
subtleties of the Great Plan
before drybrushing with
Temple Guard Blue.

Drybrush lightly with
Fenrisian Grey.

Teeth: Rhinox Hide,
Screaming Skull. Eyes:
Yriel Yellow, Dorn Yellow,
Abaddon Black.

SKINK SKIN VARIANTS

Corax White (undercoat),
Aethermatic Blue
(Contrast paint), Ulthuan
Grey (drybrush)

Corax White (undercoat),
Gryph-hound Orange
(Contrast paint), Kislev
Flesh (drybrush)

Corax White (undercoat),
Warp Lightning and
Contrast Medium
(1:5 mix)

Corax White (undercoat),
Talassar Blue (Contrast
paint), Ulthuan
Grey (drybrush)

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
SKINK STAR-BUCKLER

1

2

3

4

51

Basecoat with an even
layer of Castellan Green.
A couple of thin coats
works best.

Shade with Athonian
Camoshade, focusing
on the gaps between
the scales.

Pick out the edges of
the scales with thick
highlights of Loren Forest.
Add scratches if you wish.

Apply fine highlights of
Nurgling Green, leaving
some of the Loren Forest
showing beneath.

SHIELD VARIANTS

Follow the above stages,
then paint markings with
Averland Sunset.

Mournfang Brown (base),
Agrax Earthshade (shade),
Skrag Brown (highlight)

Averland Sunset (base),
Casandora Yellow (shade),
Yriel Yellow (highlight),
Dorn Yellow (highlight)

Khorne Red (base), Nuln
Oil (shade), Tuskgor
Fur (highlight), Kislev
Flesh (highlight)

WEAPON VARIANTS

Incubi Darkness
(base), Kabalite Green
(highlight), Sybarite
Green (highlight)

Mechanicus Standard
Grey (base), Agrax
Earthshade (shade),
Dawnstone (highlight)

Kantor Blue (base),
Caledor Sky (layer), Teclis
Blue (highlight), Fenrisian
Grey (highlight)

Balthasar Gold (base),
Agrax Earthshade
Gloss (shade), Runefang
Steel (highlight)

OTHER DETAILS

Eye: Caledor Sky (base),
Lothern Blue (highlight),
Fenrisian Grey (highlight)

Eye: Mephiston Red
(base), Troll Slayer Orange
(highlight), Flash Gitz
Yellow (highlight)

The webbing of a crest
can be made to stand out
more by giving it a sharp
accent colour.

Carefully apply dots
around the crest, spacing
them further apart as you
move away from the crest.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
52

CARNOSAUR SKIN

1

2

TOP TIP
When using Contrast paints, it’s
a good idea to give them a coat of
Matte Varnish. This wi l l stop them
from chipping as you paint the rest
of the model.

Undercoat the model with Corax
White Spray. Apply Skeleton Horde
Contrast paint to all the fleshy areas.

Drybrush over the Skeleton Horde
with Pallid Wych Flesh.

3

4

5

Apply Flesh Tearers Red Contrast
paint to all the scales.

Drybrush with Evil Sunz Scarlet.

Apply a final, lighter drybrush of
Fire Dragon Bright, focusing on
the extremities.

MONSTER SKIN

Using a combination of skin colours
on a large monster can make it look
natural and impressive.

A simple darker stripe down the
back helps define the overall shape of
this model.

Painting sharp patterns down the
body wi l l help break up the colours
and make the large areas look a lot
more interesting.

BONY SCALES

Stipple Mephiston Red in patches
around the end scales. Then stipple
Jokaero Orange inside those areas.

Scales can be made to stand out
simply by applying an extra wash of
Nuln Oil or your chosen Shade paint.

Painting the scales a vibrant colour
can really make your favourite
reptilian monster stand out on
the battlefield.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
WING MEMBRANES

53

Corax White (undercoat), Nazdreg Yellow (Contrast
paint), Screaming Skull (drybrush), Fire Dragon Bright
(highlight), Flayed One Flesh (highlight)

Corax White (undercoat), Akhelian Green (Contrast
paint). Then, use Contrast Medium to carefully bleed the
colour out towards the edge of the wing.

SOLAR ENGINE

1

2

3

4

Carefully highlight the
edges with Yriel Yellow.

Apply a thin edge
highlight of Dorn Yellow.

Use Pallid Wych Flesh to
spot highlight the corners.

Base with Wraithbone
before applying an even
coat of Iyanden Yellow
Contrast paint.

MONSTER DETAILS

Retributor Armour (base),
Reikland Fleshshade
(shade), Stormhost
Silver (highlight)

Drybrushing designs on
stone with Administratum
Grey can make them look
old and worn.

Use a variety of colours
and patterns to make the
snakes emerging from an
Ark of Sotek stand out.

Mephiston Red (base), Evil
Sunz Scarlet (highlight),
Caledor Sky (base), Hoeth
Blue (highlight)

OTHER DETAILS

Blend Iyanden Yellow,
Flesh Tearers Red and
Volupus Pink together
using Contrast Medium.

Thinning and blending
different Contrast paints
over a white base can
produce various effects.

Horns: Apply thinned
Skeleton Horde over
Wraithbone; highlight
with Pallid Wych Flesh.

Rope: Rhinox Hide
(base), Gorthor Brown
(highlight) Baneblade
Brown (highlight)

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CELESTIAL MIGHT

54

CELESTIAL MIGHT

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Seraphon miniatures on the battlefields of the
Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The
rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
This section describes the
allegiance abilities available to a
Seraphon army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book.

BATTLE TRA ITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Seraphon army (pg 55).

COMMAND TRA ITS

Abilities available to the general
of a Seraphon army if it is a HERO
(pg 57).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Seraphon army (pg 58-59).

SPELL LORES AND
BOUND ENDLESS SPELLS

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Seraphon army (pg 60-61 ), as well as
rules for using bound endless spells.

REALMSHAPER ENGINE

Here you wi l l find the rules
and scenery warscroll for the
Realmshaper Engine terrain feature
(pg 62-63 ).

CONSTELLATIONS

Abilities for the four most famous
Seraphon Constellations (pg 64-67).

These rules can be used by units
in a Seraphon army that have been
given the appropriate keyword (see
the battle traits for Coalesced and
Starborne Constellations on the
following pages).

BATTLEPLANS
This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Seraphon army that has been given
the Starborne keyword (pg 68-69).

PATH TO GLORY
This section contains rules for using
your Seraphon collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 70-73).

WARSCROLLS
This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Seraphon miniatures.

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Seraphon units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 74-77).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Seraphon
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 78-95).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

Endless spell warscrolls for bound
endless spells, which can be
summoned only by SERAPHON
WIZARDS (pg 96-102).

The rules for playing games with
endless spells can be found in the

Warhammer Age of Sigmar Core
Book and in Warhammer Age of
Sigmar: Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES
This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 103-104).

ALLIES

This section also contains a list of the
allies a Seraphon army can include.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

55

BATTLE TRAITS

WAYS OF THE SERAPHON

Warriors of the Stars and the Realms: A Seraphon

army will be made up of either celestial Starborne
or savage Coalesced warriors that have settled in the
Mortal Realms.

After you have chosen the Seraphon allegiance for
your army, you must either give it the STARBORNE
keyword or the COALESCED keyword. All SERAPHON
units in your army gain that keyword, with the
exception of models that already have one of the
keywords on their warscroll.

Contemplations of the Ancient Ones: The slann have

learnt countless spells over the millennia, and after a
moment’s contemplation can recall any of them.

At the end of your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
SLANN and replace the spell they know from the
Lore of Celestial Domination table (pg 60) with a
new spell from that table. Choose or roll for the new
spell, rolling again if you generate the spell the SLANN
already had.

Sacred Asterisms: The heavens themselves play a key
part in the Great Plan of the Old Ones, empowering
their reptilian servants.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1 of the
following asterisms to be in the ascendant until your
next hero phase:

The Great Drake: In the combat phase, pick 1 friendly
SERAPHON HERO. Until the end of that phase, you can
add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by that HERO.

The Hunter’s Steed: Add 1 to run rolls and charge rolls
for friendly SERAPHON units.

The Sage’s Staff: In the hero phase, pick 1 friendly
SERAPHON WIZARD. You can add 1 to casting or
dispelling rolls for that WIZARD if it is your hero
phase, and you can add 1 to unbinding rolls for that
WIZARD if it is the enemy hero phase.

Battle Traits

THE COALESCED
COALESCED army only.

Coalesced Constellations: The different Coalesced

constellations make war in their own unique fashion.

If your army is a COALESCED army, you can give it

the KOATL’S CLAW or THUNDER LIZARD keyword.

All COALESCED units in your army gain that keyword
and you can use the extra abilities listed for that
Constellation (pg 64-67).

Cold-blooded: Coalesced Seraphon are coldly
impassive, rigidly steadfast and completely
without mercy.

Ignore modifiers (positive or negative) to the Bravery
characteristic of COALESCED units.

Predatory Fighters: Coalesced Seraphon have become
more closely attuned to the primal ferocity harboured
by all members of their race.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of Jaws weapons
used by COALESCED units.

Primeval Domain: The land surrounding a Coalesced
temple-city is magically reformed into a primeval
wilderness, deadly to outsiders yet the perfect habitat
for the savage lizardfolk.

If a terrain feature is partially or wholly within the
territory of a COALESCED army, then any Damned,
Arcane, Inspiring and Mystical scenery rules for that
terrain feature only apply to COALESCED units, while
any Deadly and Sinister scenery rules for that terrain
feature do not apply to COALESCED units.

Scaly Skin: Having achieved true physicality, the
scaled hides of Coalesced Seraphon become tougher
with the passing of time. Many of their warriors
develop thick bony plates and latticeworks of scar tissue
that act as natural armour.

Subtract 1 from the damage inflicted by each
successful attack that targets a COALESCED unit (to a
minimum of 1).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
56

Unfeeling: Starborne are the
children of Azyr, filled with the light
of the stars and fighting to enact the
cosmic plan of their creators.

STARBORNE units have a Bravery
characteristic of 10 instead of
the Bravery characteristic on
their warscroll.

Celestial Conjuration: The slann

leaders of the Starborne can call
forth armies of Seraphon from their
temple-ships in the blink of an eye.

You can summon STARBORNE
units to the battlefield if you collect
enough celestial conjuration
points (CCPs). At the start of
your hero phase you receive D3
celestial conjuration points if your

general is a SLANN or STARSEER

and is on the battlefield, and D3
celestial conjuration points if
there are one or more friendly

SAURUS ASTROLITH BEARERS on

the battlefield.

In addition, in your hero phase,
before attempting to cast the first
spell with each friendly SLANN or
ORACLE, you can say that it wi l l
carry out a celestial conjuration. If
you do so, you receive D3 celestial
conjuration points but the number
of spells which that model can
attempt to cast in that phase is
reduced by 1.

If you have 6 or more celestial
conjuration points at the end of
your movement phase, you can
summon 1 or more units from the
list on the right to the battlefield
and add them to your army. Each
unit you summon costs a number
of celestial conjuration points as
shown on the list, and you can only
summon a unit if you have enough
celestial conjuration points to pay
its cost.

Summoned units must be set up
wholly within 12" of a friendly

SLANN, friendly ORACLE or
friendly SAURUS ASTROLITH

BEARER and more than 9" from

If you do so, remove that unit from
the battlefield and then set it up
on the battlefield anywhere that is
more than 9" from any enemy unit.

Starborne Constellations: The

Starborne of different constellations
exhibit traits unique to the warriors
of their fleet.

If your army is a STARBORNE
army, you can give it the

DRACOTHION’S TAIL or
FANGS OF SOTEK keyword. All

STARBORNE units in your army
gain that keyword and you can use
the extra abilities listed for that
Constellation (pg 64-67).

CCP COST

30
30
25
25
25
20
20
20
15
15
15
15
15
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
6

THE STARBORNE
STARBORNE army only.

any enemy units. Subtract the cost
of the summoned unit from the
number of celestial conjuration
points you have immediately after
the summoned unit has been set
up. Summoned units have the

STARBORNE keyword.

Lords of Space and Time: Slann

temple-ships are able to transport
themselves and Starborne warriors
any distance in an instant.

At the end of your movement
phase, you can pick 1 friendly
STARBORNE unit anywhere on
the battlefield to be transported
through space and time.

STARBORNE SERAPHON

UNIT

1 Engine of the Gods
1 Stegadon with Skink Chief
1 Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur
1 Skink Oracle on Troglodon
1 Stegadon
1 Bastiladon
1 Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur
20 Saurus Warriors
3 Kroxigor
1 Saurus Astrolith Bearer
1 Saurus Sunblood
1 Skink Starpriest
1 Skink Starseer
5 Chameleon Sk inks
1 Razordon Hunting Pack
1 Ripperdactyl Chief
3 Ripperdactyl Riders
1 Salamander Hunting Pack
1 Saurus Eternity Warden
5 Saurus Guard
5 Saurus Knights
1 Saurus Oldblood
1 Saurus Scar-Veteran on Cold One
10 Saurus Warriors
1 Skink Priest
1 Terradon Chief
3 Terradon Riders
10 Sk inks

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

Use the command traits table that corresponds to your general’s keyword: SLANN, SAURUS or SK INK. If your general
has none of these keywords, it cannot have a command trait.

57

D3

1

2

3

SAURUS Command Trait

Disciplined Fury: This saurus strikes with
cold-blooded precision.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with melee weapons by this general.

Thickly Scaled Hide: The hard scales covering
this general can deflect even the sharpest blade.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target this general.

Mighty Warleader: This saurus guides its
warriors in battle with bellowing roars.

If this general is part of your army and on
the battlefield at the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

D3

1

2

3

SLANN Command Trait

Arcane Might: With the authority of aeons, this
powerful slann commands the flow of magic on
the battlefield.

You can re-roll 1 casting, dispelling or
unbinding roll for this general each hero phase.

Vast Intellect: No secret is unknown to the
mind of this unfathomable being.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore
of Celestial Domination (pg 60).

Great Rememberer: The manoeuvres ordered
by this general are redolent of the countless
constellations in the sky.

If this general is part of your army and on
the battlefield at the start of your hero phase,
roll a dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra
command point.

D3

1

SKINK Command Trait

Master of Star Rituals: Azyr’s light shines

brightly on this general.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this general if they
are a WIZARD. If they are not a WIZARD, then
once per battle round they can use the Herald
of the Old Ones command ability from the
Skink Priest warscroll without a command
point being spent.

2

Nimble: This skink is preternaturally agile.

Add 1" to this general’s Move characteristic,
and add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target them.

3

Cunning: With reptilian calculation this
general looks for opportunities to strike.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO within 3" of this general and
roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy HERO suffers 1
mortal wound.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

58

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

TREASURES OF THE OLD ONES
SLANN only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

Zoetic Dial: As the stars align with the facets
of this mighty artefact, the strands of fate
inexorably envelop its bearer.

2

3

After set-up is complete but before the battle
begins, secretly record the number of a battle
round. At the start of that battle round, reveal
the information and then heal all wounds
allocated to the bearer. In addition, during
that battle round, you can re-roll save rolls for
attacks that target the bearer.

Light of Dracothion: The light from the Great
Drake’s tears can wash away the foulest and
most corruptive of energies.

Once per battle, you can automatically unbind
1 spell cast by an enemy WIZARD within 15"
of the bearer, or automatically dispel 1 endless
spell within 15" of the bearer.

Prism of Amyntok: This prism can channel
aetheric power from the skies to blast the bearer’s
foes with a beam of pure white energy.

Once per the battle, at the start of any phase,
pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of the bearer
and roll a dice. On a 1, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound. On a 2-5, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. On a 6, that unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

4

5

6

Itxi Grubs: Itxi grubs are small, worm-like
creatures found in those places where the ground
is most saturated in arcane power, and are
amongst a slann’s favourite delicacies.

At the start of each hero phase, you can heal
1 wound allocated to the bearer. In addition,
in your hero phase you can re-roll 1 casting or
dispelling roll for the bearer, and in the enemy
hero phase you can re-roll 1 unbinding roll for
the bearer.

Plaque of Dominion: Carved when the Old

Ones still dwelt amongst their servants, this
plaque bears glyphs of such potent cosmic power
that those who even glance upon them are driven
into a stupor.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy HERO
within 12" of the bearer and visible to them.
Until your next hero phase, that HERO fights
at the end of the combat phase. In addition, if
that HERO is a WIZARD, until your next hero
phase, subtract 1 from casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for that HERO.

Throne of the Lost Gods: The palanquin that

bears this slann is a particularly advanced
example of Old One technology, a truly stately
throne for the mage-lord ensconced upon it.

Add 4" to the bearer’s Move characteristic, and
add 1 to the bearer’s Wounds characteristic.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
59

CELESTIAL RELICS OF THE WARRIOR

SAURUS only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Blade of Realities: This

pan-dimensional weapon
exists to bring about the end
of tyrants.

2

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee
weapons. Improve the Rend
characteristic of that weapon
by 1. In addition, add 1 to
the damage inflicted by each
successful attack made with
that weapon that targets

a HERO.

Sigils of the Prime

Hunter: The ominous
glyphs that hang from the
saurus champion’s armour
are laden with powerful
celestial curse-magics.

Each time the bearer fights,
after all of the bearer’s
attacks have been resolved,
you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 1" of the bearer
and roll a dice. On a 1,
nothing happens. On a 2-5,
that enemy unit suffers
1 mortal wound. On a 6,
that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

3

Bloodrage Pendant:

Carved from the bones
of Carnosaurs or the
most aggressive Ghurish
megafauna, those warriors
who bear a Bloodrage
Pendant find their killing
frenzy amplified as their own
flesh is split and rent.

Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of the
bearer’s melee weapons
if the number of wounds
allocated to the bearer is
equal to or greater than
half of the bearer’s Wounds
characteristic (rounding up).

VESTMENTS OF THE PRIESTHOOD
SKINK only.

D3

1

Artefact of Power

Incandescent Rectrices:

This vibrant plumage
instils the bearer with
the restorative power of
the heavens.

The first time bearer is slain,
before removing them from
the battlefield, roll a dice.
On a 1-3, the bearer is slain.
On a 4-6, the bearer is not
slain, all wounds allocated
to them are healed, and
any wounds that currently
remain to be allocated to
them are negated.

2

Cloak of Feathers: The

colourful cloaks worn by
some skink priests are woven
from the shining feathers
of star-eagles.

3

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks that target the bearer.
In addition, add 4" to the
bearer’s Move characteristic,
and the bearer can fly.

Sacred Stegadon Helm: The

horns of this golden helm
are said to be fragments
of the great Xelbabia’s, a
truly colossal Stegadon
who served the Old Ones at
the dawn of history. Those
who wear it are gifted with
the strength of Xelbabia’s
unstoppable charge.

Add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, add 1 to
the Damage characteristic of
melee weapons used by the
bearer if they made a charge
move in the same turn .

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores and Bound Endless Spells

60

SPELL LORES AND
BOUND ENDLESS SPELLS

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the
following tables for each SERAPHON WIZARD in a
Seraphon army.

predatory endless spells are moved. The players then
alternate moving any remaining predatory endless spells
as normal.

In addition, a Seraphon army can include the bound
endless spells on pages 96-102. All of the rules that
apply to other endless spells also apply to bound endless
spells, except that bound predatory endless spells can
only be moved by a player that has a Seraphon army. If
only one player has a Seraphon army, then they move all
of the bound predatory endless spells before any other

If both players have Seraphon armies, the players
alternate moving predatory endless spells as normal,
but each time a player could move a predatory endless
spell, they can choose to move either a bound predatory
endless spell or a normal predatory endless spell.

LORE OF CELESTIAL DOMINATION
SLANN only.

D6

1

Spell

Celestial Apotheosis: Waves of pure celestial

magic infuse the caster’s servants.

Celestial Apotheosis has a casting value of 5.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 18" of the caster and visible to them.
Heal 1 wound allocated to that unit. In addition,
until your next hero phase, subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they
are within 3" of that unit. If the casting roll was
10+, heal up to D3 wounds instead of 1.

2

3

Walk Between Realms: For a moment, the

slann’s allies tread immortal pathways.

Walk Between Realms has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 18" of the caster and visible to them.
Until your next hero phase, that unit can fly.

Mystical Unforging: The magic of unmaking

flies from the slann’s outstretched hands.

Mystical Unforging has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy HERO that bears
an artefact of power within 12" of the caster and
visible to them. That HERO suffers D3 mortal
wounds and you must roll a dice. On a 5+, that
HERO no longer bears that artefact of power (if
a weapon was picked when it was selected, the
weapon reverts to normal).

4

5

6

Celestial Equilibrium: The slann’s form seems

to shimmer and fade as it draws links between its
allies and the turnings of the stars.

Celestial Equilibrium has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, until your next hero phase,
add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls
for friendly WIZARDS other than the caster.

Stellar Tempest: Without warning, a blistering
celestial storm descends upon the foe.

Stellar Tempest has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 24"
of the caster and visible to them. Roll 1 dice for
each model in that unit. For each 5+, that unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Drain Magic: The Starmaster conjures a vortex
of anti-magic to calm the battlefield.

Drain Magic has a casting value of 9. If
successfully cast, all endless spells within 24" of
the caster that are not BOUND are dispelled.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF CELESTIAL MANIPULATION
SKINK only.

61

D6

1

Spell

Celestial Harmony: Arms raised, the caster
infuses their allies with the calming light of Azyr.

Celestial Harmony has a casting value of
5. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit
wholly within 18" of the caster and visible to
them. Until your next hero phase, do not take
battleshock tests for that unit. If the casting roll
was 10 or more, pick all friendly units within
18" of the caster and visible to them instead of
only 1.

2

3

Hand of Glory: With a chirruped invocation,
the caster grants their allies the might of
ancient times.

Hand of Glory has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly unit wholly
within 18" of the caster and visible to them.
Until your next hero phase, you can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for attacks made by that unit.

Extend Astromatrix: The caster slightly

extends the range of the Astromatrix so that it
encompasses new lands.

Extend Astromatrix has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 terrain feature wholly
within 18" of the caster and visible to them.
Any Damned, Arcane, Inspiring and Mystical
scenery rules for that terrain feature only apply
to SERAPHON units, while any Deadly and
Sinister scenery rules for that terrain feature do
not apply to SERAPHON units.

4

5

6

Fiery Convocation: The caster brings fiery
destruction to the foe, engulfing them in flames
that only very slowly burn out.

Fiery Convocation has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, at the end of each phase of a turn,
roll a dice for that unit. On a 6, that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

Bind Endless Spell: Skink wizards can use their
magical prowess to temporarily bind a predatory
spell to the Astromatrix.

Bind Endless Spell has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 endless spell within
18" of the caster and visible to them. Until
your next hero phase, that endless spell has the
BOUND keyword.

Tide of Serpents: The caster calls forth a carpet
of writhing serpents. Though individually small,
these reptiles will fight ferociously to defend their
master, bringing down their enemies through
hundreds of poisonous bites.

Tide of Serpents has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster and roll a number of dice equal to
the number of models in that unit. For each 5+,
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Realmshaper Engine

62

REALMSHAPER ENGINE

When you choose a Seraphon army,
you can include 1 REALMSHAPER
ENGINE terrain feature (pg 63).
When terrain is set up for the battle,

any REALMSHAPER ENGINE terrain

The technology of the Seraphon defies mortal understanding, and the Realmshaper Engines are but one example
of their many arcane relics. Whether used to target specific areas of the realms for reforming or shroud the
temple-cities of the Coalesced, these strange ziggurats thrum constantly with waves of mysterious cosmic power.
T eq-Toq watched as the Chaos Warriors hacked their way through
the thick jungles. Had they not been in thrall to the Eternal
Enemy, the skink alpha might almost have admired their
tenacity. More Seraphon crouched amidst the undergrowth, boltspitters
held ready as the mortal warband’s leader called a halt before the
golden, vine-shrouded ziggurat. Doubtless they believed it to be some
sort of abandoned temple, or perhaps a storehouse of valuable relics.
They had no idea what they had found.
At his side, the priest Quitzai twitched his tail thrice. It was time.
With a near-subsonic click, Teq-Toq rose from concealment and sent a
venomous dart whistling into the neck of the nearest Chaos Warrior.
The man tensed, before dropping, his body wracked with convulsions.
Others fell as more skinks joined the barrage. The humans turned,
raised their shields, and in doing so took their gaze from the ziggurat
just as Quitzai began to chant a rasping, reptilian invocation. The orb
atop the glyph-marked structure pulsed into life. Lightning crackled
around the device, the jungle stirring with vengeful fury. The warband
leader’s battle-cry fell silent as a barbed stranglevine wrapped around
her neck and squeezed. Others cried out as the ground beneath them
turned to a devouring quagmire. Crest twitching in satisfaction,
Teq-Toq chirruped an order before he and his spawn-kin disappeared
back into the steaming jungle depths.

features must be set up by the player
whose army they are a part of, before
any other terrain features are set up,
more than 6" from any objectives
and more than 6" from the edge of
the battlefield. Set up the rest of the
terrain as described in the core rules.
If both players can set up terrain
features before other terrain features
are set up, the players must roll off
and the winner chooses who sets up
their terrain features first.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
63

SCENERY WARSCROLL

REALMSHAPER ENGINE

There are no lengths the Seraphon will not go to in order to see the Great Plan fulfilled. At a Starmaster’s decree,
Realmshaper Engines are deployed to remake reality in line with the Old Ones’ will, rendering the lands a
primordial haven for the lizardfolk and a sweltering, inhospitable nightmare for their foes.

DESCRIPTION
A Realmshaper Engine is a single
terrain feature. It is an obstacle.

GARRISON

A Realmshaper Engine can be
garrisoned. The models making
up the garrison of a Realmshaper
Engine must have a combined
Wounds characteristic of 20 or less
(if this would preclude all of the
models in a unit from garrisoning
the Realmshaper Engine, then
the unit cannot garrison the
Realmshaper Engine).

SCENERY RULES

Power Unleashed: The waves of

power that spread from an activated
Realmshaper Engine bring the
surrounding landscape to violent life.

In your hero phase, if this model is
garrisoned by a friendly SERAPHON

WIZARD or friendly SERAPHON

PRIEST, you can pick 1 terrain
feature anywhere on the battlefield
and roll a dice for each enemy unit
within 3" of that terrain feature. Add
2 to the roll if that terrain feature
is within 18" of this model, and
subtract 2 from the roll if that terrain
feature is more than 36" from this
model. On a 4+, that enemy unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, REALMSHAPER ENGINE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Dracothion’s Tail

64

DRACOTHION’S TAIL

Whipping across the heavens, Dracothion’s Tail is said to mirror the mood of Azyr itself. The Seraphon warriors
of this vast constellation are swift and unpredictable, and when bolstered by the blessings of their mystical
Starmasters they strike without warning to bring the vengeance of the heavens down upon their foes.

No Starborne strike more suddenly than the armies
of Dracothion’s Tail. From their celestial empire in
the uppermost reaches of Azyr, far beyond the light of
Sigendil, their warriors are suffused with the energies
of the heavens. Few Seraphon are better at divining
the celestial portents than the mage-commanders of
Dracothion’s Tail. Through their adept reading of the
skeins of fate these ancient beings can predict just when
to strike for maximum effect. It is their belief that the
Great Plan can only be fulfilled through countless small
actions, each one plotted carefully to resonate through
the fabric of the universe and contribute to the cosmic
destiny of the Seraphon.

The warriors of Dracothion’s Tail attack with faultless
precision, manifesting in bright pulses of starlight
exactly where they can cause the most damage. The
many Starmasters of the constellation have refined their
strategies through centuries of war; having dwelt so
long in the upper reaches of Azyr, they are amongst the
greatest practitioners of the mystic arts in all of creation.
The greatest champions of Dracothion’s Tail are living
embodiments of Azyr, often entering battle bearing all
manner of sacred artefacts charged with the power of the
heavenly realm. Some of these are rumoured to have been
bestowed by the claw of Dracothion himself. Protected
by such mystic energies, these Seraphon warleaders are
tireless in their pursuit of the Great Plan.

ABILITIES

Appear on Command: At the will of their

Starmasters, the reptilian throngs of Dracothion’s Tail
appear suddenly on the battlefield, emerging from
beams of starlight to savage their foes.

Instead of setting up a friendly DRACOTHION’S TAIL
unit on the battlefield, you can place it to one side and
say that it is set up waiting to appear at command as a
reserve unit. You can set up 1 reserve unit waiting to
appear at command for each friendly DRACOTHION’S
TAIL unit you have already set up on the battlefield.

At the end of your movement phase, you can set up
one or more of the reserve units waiting to appear
at command on the battlefield, more than 9" from
any enemy units and wholly within 18" of a friendly

DRACOTHION’S TAIL SLANN. Any reserve units

waiting to appear at command which are not set up
on the battlefield before the start of the fourth battle
round are slain.

COMMAND TRA IT
A DRACOTHION’S TAIL SLANN general must have

this command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Ancient Knowledge: The slann of Dracothion’s Tail are
amongst the wisest and most revered of all their kind.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore of
Celestial Domination (pg 60). In addition, you can
re-roll 1 casting, dispelling or unbinding roll for this
general each hero phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first DRACOTHION’S TAIL HERO to receive an

artefact of power must be given the Godbeast Pendant.

Godbeast Pendant: This artefact grants the bearer a
small measure of Dracothion’s divine immortality.

The first time the bearer is slain, before removing them
from the battlefield, roll a dice. On a 1-3, the bearer
is slain. On a 4-6, the bearer is not slain, all wounds
allocated to them are healed, and any wounds that
currently remain to be allocated to them are negated.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Fangs of Sotek

FANGS OF SOTEK

The Fangs of Sotek strike as swiftly as a streaking meteor. Cohorts of stealthy skirmishers populate their armies,
and are masters of the hit-and-run attack; enemies find it impossible to land a blow against the crafty skink
warriors, their plans cast into ruin in the moments before a brutal saurus assault crashes home.

65

Much of the Fangs of Sotek’s strength remains
sequestered in the heavens, ready to be called into action
at a moment’s notice. Many skinks from the constellation
have, however, embedded themselves into the free cities
of Sigmar. When these skinks discover a threat to their
host city the Starmaster Zectoka lets loose the fury of
his Starborne warhosts. They strike when the winds of
Azyr blow strongest across the Mortal Realms, riding
the celestial currents to assail those who would threaten
the Starmaster’s great endeavour. Countless marauding
armies have been set upon and destroyed by the Fangs of
Sotek, while the settlements of Order remain blissfully
unaware of the averted threat.

The Fangs of Sotek are amongst the most battle-hungry
of all Starborne, their cohorts and warbeasts burning
with bright celestial energy as they storm across the field.
Enemies find themselves overwhelmed before they have
a chance to redress their battle line, outmanoeuvred by
the tactical mastery of veteran saurus warleaders and
the skinks ’ peerless knowledge of the local terrain. The
ceremonial serpent daggers borne by honoured members
of the Fangs of Sotek are more than just deadly weapons.
Each is a symbol of authority and proven prowess in
battle; the wily Seraphon that wield them are masters
of the ambush and the feigned flight, directing their
warriors in complex manoeuvres to disorient the foe – a
hundred poisonous bites leading to a savage k i l l ing blow.

ABILITIES

First to Battle: Like the tip of a spear or head of a
hurled javelin, the vanguard of the Fangs of Sotek drive
forwards with blinding speed to strike at the enemy.

In the first battle round, add 3" to the Move
characteristic of FANGS OF SOTEK SKINK units.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Parting Shot: The skinks of the Fangs of Sotek excel as
skirmishers. Those who attempt to charge them swiftly
fall beneath a hail of javelins and poisoned blowdarts.

You can use this command ability at the end
of the enemy charge phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly FANGS OF SOTEK SKINKS unit from the
Skinks warscroll, or friendly FANGS OF SOTEK
CHAMELEON SKINKS unit, that is wholly within 18"

of a friendly FANGS OF SOTEK HERO. That SKINKS or

CHAMELEON SKINKS unit can shoot. After you have
resolved all of that unit’s shooting attacks, roll a dice.
On a 4+, that unit can make a normal move; if it does,
it must retreat but cannot run. A unit cannot benefit
from this command ability more than once per phase.

COMMAND TRA IT

A FANGS OF SOTEK SAURUS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Old and Grizzled: Saurus once formed the mainstay of
Fangs of Sotek armies, and their commanders have not
forgotten the many ways to hunt down the foe.

If this general is part of your army and on the
battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a dice.
On a 3+, you receive 1 extra command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first FANGS OF SOTEK HERO to receive an artefact
of power must be given the Serpent God Dagger.

Serpent God Dagger: This curved blade secretes a
deadly and hideously painful venom.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the end of
any phase, if any wounds inflicted by that weapon in
that phase were allocated to an enemy model and not
negated, and that enemy model has not been slain, roll
a dice. On a 5+, that enemy model is slain.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Koatl’s Claw

66

KOATL’S CLAW

Butchery and brutality are the hallmarks of Koatl’s Claw. The sheer savagery of Ghur has buried its way into the
hearts of these Coalesced, rendering them furious and unsubtle fighters. Their saurian legions fight without heed
for their own survival, a tide of thick scale and sharp fangs come to obliterate all before them.

Only the most courageous, or the most foolhardy, dare
stand before the charge of a Koatl’s Claw temple-host.
The brutality of their saurus is the stuff of dark renown,
and those who enter the dense and shadowy jungles of
Mekitopsar invite nothing but a swift and violent death.
Shorn of the guidance of their Starmaster, the Seraphon
of Koatl’s Claw instinctively seek to survive at any cost.
The endless warring undertaken by the constellation
has forced them to operate their spawning pools at an
incredibly rapid pace; the agony this forces onto the
newly birthed saurus stays with them throughout their
typically short lives, inspiring a brutal k i l l ing fury that
even the cold-blooded Seraphon struggle to repress.

There is no subtlety to the strategies employed by Koatl’s
Claw – indeed, the primary concern of their warlords
is simply ensuring their frenzied saurus cohorts direct
their rage at the enemy. The rate of attrition amongst the
constellation’s armies is high, for its warriors pay little
mind to thoughts of self-preservation while there is flesh
to tear and bones to snap, but the bloodthirsty violence
they are capable of unleashing more than compensates
for this potential deficiency. The commanders of Koatl’s
Claw are amongst the most fearsome warleaders in all the
Mortal Realms. Their favoured weapons are butchering
blades of terrible power, and each of these champion
spawn-lords is capable of slaughtering entire ranks of
enemy warriors.

ABILITIES

Savagery Incarnate: The saurus of Koatl’s Claw are
renowned as being the most primordially vicious of
their kind.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by friendly KOATL’S
CLAW SAURUS units that made a charge move in the
same turn .

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Controlled Fury: The saurus lords of Koatl’s Claw are
capable of unleashing the ravening fury of their kin.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly KOATL’S
CLAW SAURUS unit wholly within 24" of a friendly

KOATL’S CLAW SAURUS HERO. That unit counts

as having made a charge move in that turn for the
purposes of the Savagery Incarnate ability.

COMMAND TRA IT

A KOATL’S CLAW SAURUS general must have this
command trait instead of one listed on page 57.

Dominant Predator: Even the most frenzied saurus of
Koatl’s Claw pay respect to this mighty alpha-lizard.

Roll a dice each time this general is used to issue a
command to a friendly KOATL’S CLAW SAURUS unit.
On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first KOATL’S CLAW HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Eviscerating Blade.

Eviscerating Blade: The serrated teeth of this heavy
blade can tear through flesh with sickening ease,
ripping apart organs and severing limbs in gory
displays of primeval violence.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the unmodified
hit roll for an attack made with that weapon is 6,
that attack inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
The Thunder Lizard

THE THUNDER LIZARD

Guardians of the Old Ones’ most precious treasures, the Thunder Lizard brook no intruders into their domains.
Their golden temple-cities rise high amidst the most magically volatile wildlands of the Mortal Realms, and their
armies are filled with technological relics of a lost age and the most fearsome beasts of war imaginable.

67

Even for the Seraphon, the Thunder Lizard are reclusive.
To them falls the task of taming the most unstable nodes
of the Astromatrix Arcane, as well as to protect the most
powerful relics of the Old Ones. It is a duty they pursue
with unshakeable focus, never shrinking before the
protean horrors that stalk the Realm’s Edge. To aid them
in their sacred mission, the priests of the Thunder Lizard
have become adept at introducing minute quantities
of Chamonite realmstone to the arcane engines
which incubate and hatch the reptilian monsters that
accompany them to war. Though these creatures are very
much flesh and blood, the magical accelerant introduced
into their creation renders them amongst the most deadly
of all their bestial kin .

It is these scaled monsters that form the core of the
Thunder Lizard’s armies in the field. Not only is each a
powerhouse in its own right, but upon their backs many
bear artefacts of the Old Ones capable of tearing reality
asunder. Though the Seraphon of the Thunder Lizard
understand little of these devices’ true function, they do
possess the knowledge to wield them to deadly effect.
Searing solar energies scour the battlefield while the
Engines of the Gods remake universal laws at random.
The masters of the Thunder Lizard, mounted upon the
greatest alpha-beasts, are regularly entrusted with relics
of great cosmic power, many of which can be used as
fearsome weapons with which to annihilate their foes.

ABILITIES

Mighty Beasts of War: The spawning pools of the
Thunder Lizard give rise to bioengineered monsters of
terrible power.

COMMAND TRA IT
A THUNDER LIZARD general with a MONSTER mount

must have this command trait instead of one listed on
page 57.

Add 2 to the Wounds characteristic of THUNDER

LIZARD MONSTERS.

COMMAND AB IL ITY

Trove of Old One Technology: The golden vaults of

the Thunder Lizard contain some of the most powerful
known artefacts of the Old Ones.

You can use this command ability at the end of your
shooting phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly THUNDER

LIZARD BASTILADON, or friendly THUNDER LIZARD

ENGINE OF THE GODS, that is wholly within 18" of
a friendly THUNDER LIZARD HERO. If that unit is a
BASTILADON, it can shoot with its Solar Engine even
if it has already done so in that phase. If that unit is
an ENGINE OF THE GODS, you can make a cosmic
engine roll for it even if you have already done so in
that phase. A unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per phase.

Prime Warbeast: This beast is particularly vicious.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of the weapons
used by this general’s mount.

ARTEFACT OF POWER

The first THUNDER LIZARD HERO to receive
an artefact of power must be given the Fusil
of Conflagration.

Fusil of Conflagration: This ancient relic can unleash
powerful, if unpredictable, blasts of cosmic energy.

In your shooting phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 12" of the bearer and visible to them and roll
a dice. On a 1, this artefact cannot be used again for
the rest of the battle. On a 2-3, nothing happens. On a
4-5 that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On a 6,
that enemy unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: The Tables Turned

68

BATTLEPLAN

THE TABLES TURNED

The Seraphon are an enigmatic
force in the Mortal Realms, and
their actions are almost impossible
to predict. Only the slann can
truly know the impact of their
deeds, and the reasons for which
their reptilian hosts make war. Yet
though they can fulfil the role of
destroyer, the Seraphon are also
guardians. When those who are
deemed to have a key role to play
in the Great Plan are imperilled,
the armies of the constellations
will go to any lengths to see them
preserved. After the threat has
passed and the enemy lies dead the
Seraphon hosts disappear as swiftly
as they came, leaving those they
have rescued to ponder the meaning
of the strange intervention.

This battleplan allows you to
recreate such an intervention by a
Starborne starhost, though it can
easily be modified to represent
an ambush by a Coalesced
temple-host. In flashes of light
the Seraphon arrive amidst even
the deadliest terrain, navigating
the treacherous lands as they set
themselves upon the foe. They
must destroy their enemy swiftly
and without mercy, before those
they have come to safeguard can be
laid low.

THE ARMIES
Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Seraphon player.
Their opponent is the Tyrant.
The Seraphon player must use a
Starborne Seraphon army.

The Seraphon army must include
the maximum number of allied
units possible. This means that for
every 4 units in the Seraphon army,
1 must be an allied unit. All of the
allied units must belong to the
same faction.

SET-UP
Only the allied units from the
Seraphon player’s army are set up
on the battlefield at the start of the
battle. The remaining units in the
Seraphon army are set up off the
battlefield as reserve units; they wi l l
be set up during the battle using the
Explosive Arrival rule opposite. The
Tyrant sets up their army second,
anywhere in their territory more
than 12" from Seraphon territory.
The territories are shown on the map.

FIRST TURN
In this battle, the Tyrant takes the
first turn in the first battle round.

EXPLOSIVE ARRIVAL
The explosive arrival of the Seraphon
unleashes a shock wave of celestial
magic inimical to their foes.

At the end of the Seraphon player’s
first movement phase, they set up
all of the non-allied units from their
army anywhere on the battlefield
more than 9" from any enemy units.
After each of these units is set up,
roll a dice for each Tyrant unit that is
within 12" of it. On a 5+, that Tyrant
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

YAWNING CHASMS

Great chasms open up across
the battlefield as the land is rent
asunder in the aftermath of the
Seraphon’s arrival.

After the Seraphon player’s first
movement phase, the following rules
apply to both players for the rest of
the battle.

•

After a friendly unit that cannot
fly makes a run or charge move,
roll a dice. On a 1, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. You
can re-roll the dice if the unit is a

HERO or MONSTER.

• When a friendly MONSTER
finishes a charge move, after you

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
69

have rolled to see if it suffers any
mortal wounds, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of it that
cannot fly and roll a dice. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

•

At the end of the combat phase,
roll a dice for each unit that
fought during the phase and
cannot fly. On a 1, that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds. You
can re-roll the dice if the unit is a

HERO or MONSTER.

GLORIOUS VICTORY
The battle lasts for 5 battle rounds.
At the end of the battle, if one player
has 1-9 more victory points than
their opponent, they win a minor
victory. If one player has 10 or more
victory points than their opponent,
they win a major victory. Any other
result is a draw.

VICTORY POINTS

At the end of each turn, each player
scores 1 victory point for each enemy
unit that was destroyed that turn.
Additional victory points are scored
as follows:

• +1 victory point is scored if the
starting combined Wounds
characteristic of that unit was 20 or
more, +2 victory points are scored
if it was 30 or more, and so on.

• +1 victory point is scored if that
unit was a MONSTER.

• +1 victory point is scored if that
unit was a HERO.

• +3 victory points are scored if that
unit was a general.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

70

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles in the Mortal Realms. Players
start off with a small warband. Over the course of several battles, each warband will gather more followers to join
them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband
to follow and fight beside their
champion during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
you wi l l be crowned the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND
In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select an army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a Seraphon warband, but other
Warhammer Age of Sigmar
publications include warband

Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Record all
of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally, give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!
Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use a Seraphon warband
in a Path to Glory game, you can use
the battle traits from page 55 apart
from the Coalesced Constellations
battle trait, but you cannot use any
other Seraphon allegiance abilities.
Units in a Seraphon warband must
be COALESCED – they cannot

be STARBORNE.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is

tables to let you collect warbands
from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer, instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes
a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your warband
after a battle (see Rewards of
Battle). In either case, in order to
generate a follower unit from the
table, you must have enough rolls
and/or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
assumed that they were merely
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY
All of the players in the campaign
are vy ing for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated.

As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle, it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle, it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE
After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.
Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on your champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the result
on your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have a Champion’s
Reward, you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster.
A unit can only receive
one Follower’s Reward. If
all of your follower units
have a Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

71

ETERNAL GLORY
There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive any
Glory Points – just keep on fighting
battles until you win the campaign…
or another player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Seraphon Warband Tables

72

SERAPHON WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the other
units in the warband, and the rewards the warband receives after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Slann Starmaster, Saurus Oldblood on
Carnosaur, Skink Oracle on Troglodon or
Stegadon with Skink Chief

Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur or
Skink Starseer

Saurus Oldblood, Saurus Sunblood,
Saurus Scar-Veteran on Cold One, Skink
Starpriest, Skink Priest, Terradon Chief or
Ripperdactyl Chief

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

Follower
Rolls

2

3

4

D6

Saurus

1

2

3

4

5

6

10 Saurus Warriors

10 Saurus Warriors

5 Saurus Guard

5 Saurus Guard

5 Saurus Knights

5 Saurus Knights

Skinks

20 Sk inks

20 Sk inks

20 Sk inks

10 Chameleon Sk inks

3 Terradon Riders

3 Ripperdactyl Riders

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Saurus

Skinks

Saurus Astrolith Bearer

Skink Priest

Saurus Eternity Warden

Skink Priest

Saurus Sunblood

Skink Priest

1

2

3

4

Saurus Scar-Veteran
on Cold One

5-6

Saurus Oldblood

Terradon Chief or
Ripperdactyl Chief

Skink Starpriest

MIGHTY HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Engine of the Gods

Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur

MONSTER FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Points)

D6

1-3

4-5

6

Followers

3 Kroxigor

Stegadon

Bastiladon

HUNTING PACK FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

1-3

4-6

Followers

Salamander Hunting Pack

Razordon Hunting Pack

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE
Do not roll for Seraphon followers rewards. Instead, the reward is determined by the type of follower.

Ferocity Unbound: The predatory

instincts of these saurus have been
driven to new heights.

Saurus Retinues only. Improve
the Rend characteristic of Jaws
weapons used by this unit by 1.

The Trap is Sprung: At an

unspoken command from their
leader, these skinks attack from
carefully prepared ambush
sites, swiftly overwhelming their
chosen prey.

Skink Retinues only. In your hero
phase, pick 1 enemy unit that is
visible to a friendly SKINK HERO.
Until your next hero phase, add 1
to hit rolls for attacks made by this
unit that target that unit.

Beastmasters: The skink handlers
of these beasts know precisely how
to get the best from them in battle.

Monsters and Hunting Packs only.
In your hero phase, declare if this
unit wi l l be swift or savage. If you
choose swift, until your next hero
phase, it can run and still shoot
and/or charge in the same turn. If
you choose savage, until your next
hero phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of its melee weapons.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE
SLANN only.

73

D6

1

Reward

Arcane Might: This slann commands the flow of
magic on the battlefield.

4

Great Rememberer: The manoeuvres ordered by
this slann recall the constellations above.

You can re-roll 1 casting, dispelling or
unbinding roll for this champion each
hero phase.

If this champion is part of your warband and on
the battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a
dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

2-3

Vast Intellect: No secret is unknown to the mind
of this unfathomable being.

5-6

Artefact of Power: An ancient artefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

This champion knows 1 spell from the Lore of
Celestial Domination (pg 60).

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Treasures of the Old
Ones table (pg 58).

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

SAURUS only.

D6

1

Reward

Disciplined Fury: When this saurus strikes,
they do so with cold-blooded precision.

3

Mighty Warleader: This saurus guides its
warriors in battle with bellowing roars.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made
with melee weapons by this champion.

2

Thickly Scaled Hide: The hard scales covering
this battle-scarred champion can deflect even the
sharpest blade.

If this champion is part of your army and on the
battlefield at the start of your hero phase, roll a
dice. On a 4+, you receive 1 extra command point.

4-6

Artefact of Power: An ancient artefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target this champion.

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Celestial Relics of the
Warrior table (pg 59).

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE
SKINK only.

D6

1-2

Reward

Master of Star Rituals: Azyr’s light shines

brightly on this champion.

4

Cunning: With reptilian calculation this skink
looks for opportunities to strike.

Add 1 to casting rolls for this champion if they
are a WIZARD. If they are not a WIZARD, once
per battle round, they can use the Herald of the
Old Ones command ability from the Skink Priest
warscroll without a command point being spent.

3

Nimble: This skink is preternaturally agile.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy HERO within 3" of this champion and
roll a dice. On a 4+, that enemy HERO suffers 1
mortal wound.

5-6

Artefact of Power: An ancient artefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

Add 1" to this champion’s Move characteristic,
and add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target them.

Randomly generate one artefact of power
for this champion from the Vestments of the
Priesthood table (pg 59).

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Eternal Temple-Host

WARSCROLLS

74

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Seraphon warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
March 2020; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ETERNAL TEMPLE-HOST

The pounding drums of war herald the arrival of an Eternal Temple-host. A mighty assemblage of Coalesced
Seraphon, these reptilian warriors fall upon their enemies with unrelenting aggression. Sunclaw Temple-hosts
tear through the foe’s armoured elite, while their Thunderquake and Firelance brethren launch charge after
devastating charge. As the Shadowstrike Temple-hosts spring cunning ambushes, the mystical master of the army
watches on, tapping into the power of the Astromatrix to remake the land to better serve the Seraphon.

ORGANISATION

• 1 SLANN, Skink Starseer or
Skink Oracle on Troglodon

• 1 Eternity Warden

• 3 Saurus Guard units

• 2+ Sunclaw Temple-hosts

• 1+ Firelance Temple-hosts

• 2+ Shadowstrike Temple-hosts

• 1+ Thunderquake Temple-hosts

This battalion can only be included
in a Coalesced army.

ABILITIES
Primal Vistas: The energy of the
Astromatrix radiates from an
Eternal Temple-host, reshaping the
lands it passes through.

If the SLANN, STARSEER or ORACLE

from this battalion is on the
battlefield, the Primeval Domain
battle trait (pg 55) applies to all
terrain features, not just those in
your territory.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Sunclaw Temple-host
Warscroll Battalion: Firelance Temple-host

75

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SUNCLAW
TEMPLE-HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Saurus Oldblood or Saurus Sunblood

• 3 Saurus Warriors units

This battalion can only be included in a
Coalesced army.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FIRELANCE
TEMPLE-HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 SCAR-VETERAN

• 3 Saurus Knights units

This battalion can only be included in a
Coalesced army.

ABILITIES
Ferocity Unbound: The predatory instincts of
Coalesced saurus are driven to new heights when they
are led into battle by the mightiest of their number.

Improve the Rend characteristic of Jaws weapons
used by units from this battalion by 1.

ABILITIES
Savage Hunters: The Scar-Veteran of a Firelance
Temple-host leads from the front, setting a ferocious
pace for his fellow riders and driving them towards the
foe with terrifying speed.

Add 3 to run and charge rolls for units from this
battalion that are wholly within 18" of the SCAR-
VETERAN from the same battalion.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SHADOWSTRIKE
TEMPLE-HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Skink Starpriest or
Skink Priest

• 1 unit of Terradon or
Ripperdactyl Riders

• 2 units of Skinks or
Chameleon Skinks
in any combination

This battalion can
only be included in a
Coalesced army.

ABILITIES
The Trap is Sprung: At an unspoken command from
their leader, the skinks of a Shadowstrike Temple-host
attack from carefully prepared ambush sites, swiftly
overwhelming their chosen prey.

In your hero phase, pick 1 enemy unit that is visible
to the STARPRIEST or PRIEST from this battalion.
Until your next hero phase, add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by units from this battalion that target
that unit.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

THUNDERQUAKE
TEMPLE-HOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Engine of the Gods
or Stegadon with
Skink Chief

• 2 Bastiladons
or Stegadons in
any combination

• 1 Kroxigor unit or

HUNTING PACK

This battalion can
only be included in a
Coalesced army.

ABILITIES
Beastmasters: The skinks of a Thunderquake Temple-
host have an affinity with the reptilian beasts under
their control, and know precisely how to get the best
from them in battle.

In your hero phase, declare if this battalion wi l l be
swift or savage. If you choose for it to be swift, until
your next hero phase, units from this battalion can
run and still shoot and/or charge in the same turn. If
you choose savage, until your next hero phase, add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons used
by units from this battalion.

Warscroll Battalion: Shadowstrike Temple-host
Warscroll Battalion: Thunderquake Temple-host

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Eternal Starhost

76

WARSCROLL BATTALION

ETERNAL STARHOST

In a brilliant flash of starlight, an Eternal Starhost arrives to enact the will of the Old Ones. Within its ranks can
be found cohort after cohort of Seraphon and reptilian monsters whose scales shine with the light of the heavens.
While the saurus carve apart the enemy with merciless efficiency and the skinks launch sudden hit-and-run
attacks, the leaders of the Starhost tap into the celestial power that surrounds their warriors to call forth constant
reinforcements from their temple-ships in High Azyr.

ORGANISATION

• 1 SLANN, Skink Starseer or
Skink Oracle on Troglodon

ABILITIES
Celestial Reinforcement: The concentrated Azyrite energies of an Eternal
Starhost act as a beacon, allowing its master to summon further warriors from
their temple-fleet with incredible ease.

At the start of your hero phase, you receive D3 celestial conjuration points if
the SLANN, STARSEER or ORACLE from this battalion is on the battlefield.

• 1 Eternity Warden

• 3 Saurus Guard units

• 2+ Sunclaw Starhosts

• 1+ Firelance Starhosts

• 2+ Shadowstrike Starhosts

• 1+ Thunderquake Starhosts

This battalion can only be
included in a Starborne army.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Warscroll Battalion: Sunclaw Starhost
Warscroll Battalion: Firelance Starhost

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SUNCLAW
STARHOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Saurus Oldblood or Saurus Sunblood

• 3 Saurus Warriors units

This battalion can only be included in a
Starborne army.

ABILITIES

Star-charged Celestite: The celestite weapons

carried by the warriors of a Sunclaw Starhost are
supercharged with the power of Azyr.

Improve the Rend characteristic of Celestite weapons
used by units from this battalion by 1.

77

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FIRELANCE
STARHOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 SCAR-VETERAN

• 3 Saurus Knights units

This battalion can only be included in a
Starborne army.

ABILITIES
Blazing Cohorts: Firelance Starhosts are saturated
with the magic of Azyr, causing their weapons to burn
with cerulean flames.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by a unit from this battalion is 6,
that attacks inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SHADOWSTRIKE
STARHOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Skink Starpriest or
Skink Priest

• 1 unit of Terradon or
Ripperdactyl Riders

• 2 units of Skinks or
Chameleon Skinks
in any combination

This battalion can
only be included in a
Starborne army.

ABILITIES
Strike from the Stars: A subtle shifting of the heavens
is the only warning of a Shadowstrike Starhost assault.

Instead of setting up a unit from this battalion on the
battlefield, you can place it to one side and say that it
is waiting in the stars as a reserve unit. At the end of
any of your movement phases, you can set up any of
those units on the battlefield more than 9" from any
enemy units. Reserve units that are not set up on the
battlefield before the start of the fourth battle round
are slain.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

THUNDERQUAKE
STARHOST

ORGANISATION

• 1 Engine of the Gods
or Stegadon with
Skink Chief

• 2 Bastiladons
or Stegadons in
any combination

• 1 Kroxigor unit or

HUNTING PACK

This battalion can
only be included in a
Starborne army.

ABILITIES
Celestial Surge: The great beasts of the Starborne are
almost invincible when they march forth as a pack,
and even more so in the presence of the slann that
summoned them to battle.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound allocated
to each unit from this battalion. If the unit is wholly
within 18" of a friendly SLANN, heal D3 wounds
instead of 1.

Warscroll Battalion: Shadowstrike Starhost
Warscroll Battalion: Thunderquake Starhost

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Slann Starmaster

78

7

5"

9

4+

WARSCROLL

SLANN STARMASTER

Ancient beings created to serve the Old Ones, the Starmasters are amongst the
greatest wizards in all the realms. The powers of the heavens are theirs to command,
the energies of the stars wielded to annihilate their enemies.

MELEE WEAPONS

Azure Lightning

Range

3"

Attacks

6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

COMMAND ABILITIES

Gift from the Heavens: At a Starmaster’s

command, his followers are wrapped in a mantle
of Azyrite energy, allowing them to disregard the
natural laws that govern the Mortal Realms.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SERAPHON
unit wholly within 18" of a friendly model with
this command ability. Until your next hero
phase, that unit can fly and you can add 1 to save
rolls for attacks made with missile weapons that
target that unit. You can only use this command
ability once per hero phase.

DESCRIPTION

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast
3 spells in your own hero phase and attempt
to unbind 3 spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Comet’s Ca l l spells.

Comet’s Ca l l : His consciousness soaring up to the
heavens, the caster summons a cluster of comets
before casting them into the enemy’s ranks.

Comet’s Ca l l has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you can pick up to D3 different
enemy units anywhere on the battlefield. Each
of those units suffers D3 mortal wounds (roll
separately for each). If the casting roll was 10+,
pick up to D6 different enemy units instead of
up to D3.

A Slann Starmaster is a single model armed with
Azure Lightning.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Arcane Vassal: A Slann Starmaster can channel
the power of a spell through one of their followers.

When this model attempts to cast a spell, before
making the casting roll, you can pick either 1
friendly SKINK WIZARD that is within 12" of
this model or 1 friendly ORACLE anywhere
on the battlefield. If you do so and the spell is
successfully cast and not unbound, you must
measure the range and visibility for the spell

from that SKINK WIZARD or ORACLE.

Foresight: The Starmaster casts his mind into the
future, reading the threads of destiny as easily as a
mortal would read a map.

At the start of your hero phase, roll 2 dice
for this model. For each 4+, you receive 1
command point.

Masters of Order: The slann are among the
greatest wizards in existence, and they shape the
very stars with their magic.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding
rolls for this model. In addition, this model can
attempt to unbind enemy spells that are cast
anywhere on the battlefield and attempt to dispel
endless spells anywhere on the battlefield.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SLANN, HERO, WIZARD, STARMASTER

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Lord Kroak

7

5"

9

4+

WARSCROLL

LORD KROAK

79

Despite his deathly state, Lord Kroak is the most powerful of all slann. The venerable
Relic Priest appears unbidden when the Great Plan is most imperilled, the foes of the
Seraphon laid to waste through an onslaught of arcane power.

MELEE WEAPONS

Azyrite Force Barrier

Range

3"

Attacks

See below

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

Lord Kroak is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed an Azyrite Force Barrier.

FLY: Lord Kroak can fly.

ABILITIES

Arcane Vassal: A Slann Starmaster can channel
the power of a spell through one of their followers.

When this model attempts to cast a spell, before
making the casting roll, you can pick either 1
friendly SKINK WIZARD that is within 12" of
this model or 1 friendly ORACLE anywhere
on the battlefield. If you do so and the spell is
successfully cast and not unbound, you must
measure the range and visibility for the spell

from that SKINK WIZARD or ORACLE.

Azyrite Force Barrier: Lord Kroak’s desiccated
form is protected by a crackling energy field that
blasts enemies who dare come close.

The Attacks characteristic of Azyrite Force
Barrier is equal to the number of enemy
models within 3" of the attacking model when
the number of attacks made with the weapon
is determined.

Dead for Innumerable Ages: Lord Kroak is

no longer alive in the conventional sense; his
ancient and withered form is preserved only by his
indomitable spirit. As such, he is almost immune
to all but the most devastating attacks .

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this model. On a 4+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

Impeccable Foresight: Lord Kroak casts his mind
into the future, reading the threads of destiny as
easily as a mortal would read a map.

Comet’s Ca l l : His consciousness soaring up to the
heavens, the caster summons a cluster of comets
before casting them into the enemy’s ranks.

Comet’s Ca l l has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you can pick up to D3 different
enemy units anywhere on the battlefield. Each
of those units suffers D3 mortal wounds (roll
separately for each). If the casting roll was 10+,
pick up to D6 different enemy units instead of
up to D3.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Gift from the Heavens: At a Starmaster’s

command, his followers are wrapped in a mantle
of Azyrite energy, allowing them to disregard the
natural laws that govern the Mortal Realms.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SERAPHON
unit wholly within 18" of a friendly model with
this command ability. Until your next hero
phase, that unit can fly and you can add 1 to save
rolls for attacks made with missile weapons that
target that unit. You can only use this command
ability once per hero phase.

At the start of your hero phase, roll 3 dice
for this model. For each 4+, you receive 1
command point.

Masters of Order: The slann are among the
greatest wizards in existence, and they shape the
very stars with their magic.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding
rolls for this model. In addition, this model can
attempt to unbind enemy spells that are cast
anywhere on the battlefield and attempt to dispel
endless spells anywhere on the battlefield.

MAGIC

Lord Kroak is a WIZARD. He can attempt to
cast 4 spells in your own hero phase and attempt
to unbind 4 spells in the enemy hero phase. He
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield, Celestial
Deliverance and Comet’s Ca l l spells.

Celestial Deliverance: Lord Kroak’s palanquin

quivers with barely contained force before
unleashing ruination on the enemies of
the Seraphon.

The caster can attempt to cast this spell up
to 3 times in the same hero phase. Celestial
Deliverance has a casting value of 7 the first time
it is attempted in a phase, a casting value of 8
the second time it is attempted in a phase, and a
casting value of 9 the third time it is attempted
in a phase.

Each time this spell is successfully cast, pick up
to 3 different enemy units within 10" of the caster
and visible to them, and roll 1 dice for each unit
you pick. On a 2+, that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. If that unit is a CHAOS DAEMON unit,
on a 2+ it suffers 3 mortal wounds instead of D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SLANN, HERO, WIZARD, STARMASTER, LORD KROAK

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Oldblood

80

7

5"

8

3+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS OLDBLOOD

Veterans of centuries of fearsome bloodshed, Saurus Oldbloods are the greatest
commanders of the Seraphon. Each directs their cohorts with an instinctive, savage
precision, enacting the designs of the slann with faultless loyalty.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Maul
Celestite Warblade
Celestite Warspear
Celestite Greatblade
Fearsome Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
2"
1"
1"

3
5
4
3
1

4+
3+
3+
4+
4+

3+
3+
3+
3+
3+

-1
-
-
-1
-

D3
1
1
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Saurus Oldblood is a single model armed with
Fearsome Jaws and one of the following weapon
options: Celestite Maul; Celestite Warblade;
Celestite Warspear; or Celestite Greatblade.

ABILITIES

Cold Ferocity: Saurus heroes fight with a
carefully controlled fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by this model is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Wrath of the Seraphon: The Oldblood directs

nearby saurus to unleash their savage instincts.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SAURUS unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability. Until the end of that phase,
you can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by that
unit. A unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, HERO, OLDBLOOD

Saurus Sunblood

7

5"

8

3+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS SUNBLOOD

Scarred and hulking champions of battle, Sunbloods are amongst the most deadly of
all saurus. They lead their reptilian kin to smash through the weakest portion of an
enemy line, their heavy maces rising and falling with merciless efficiency.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Warmace
Fearsome Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

6
1

3+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Saurus Sunblood is a single model armed with
a Celestite Warmace and Fearsome Jaws.

Primal Rage: A Sunblood in full battle-rage is a
true embodiment of the Seraphon’s savage fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
by this model is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on
the target instead of 1. Make a wound and save
roll for each hit. In addition, if the unmodified
wound roll for an attack made by this model is 6,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target
in addition to any normal damage.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Scent of Weakness: The Sunblood raises his
warmace, points it at an enemy and lets loose a
chilling predatory roar.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of a friendly model with this command ability.
Until the end of that phase, add 1 to wound rolls
for attacks made by friendly SAURUS models
that target that enemy unit. A unit cannot benefit
from this command ability more than once
per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, HERO, SUNBLOOD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur

12

4+

8

WARSCROLL

SAURUS OLDBLOOD

ON CARNOSAUR

81

The mightiest Oldbloods can tame fearsome Carnosaurs, riding the terrifying beasts
into battle. The howl of a Carnosaur can send even the bravest warrior fleeing, for the
fury of these monstrous creatures is legendary.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Sunbolt Gauntlet

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

18"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

D6

3+

4+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Sunstone Spear (Celestite weapon)
Clawed Forelimbs
Massive Jaws

2"
2"
2"

3
2
3

3+

4+

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-
-1

Damage

1

Damage

3
2

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Clawed Forelimbs

Massive Jaws

3+
4+
4+
5+
5+

5
4
3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur is a single
model armed with a Sunbolt Gauntlet and
Sunstone Spear.

MOUNT: This model’s Carnosaur attacks with
its Clawed Forelimbs and Massive Jaws.

Terror: This terrifying monstrosity strikes fear
into the hearts of its foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
friendly units with this ability.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Wrath of the Seraphon: The Oldblood directs

nearby saurus to unleash their savage instincts.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SAURUS unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability. Until the end of that phase,
you can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by that
unit. A unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per phase.

ABILITIES

Blazing Sunbolts: The searing bolts of energy
unleashed by a sunbolt gauntlet are anathema to
the daemons of the Dark Gods.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with
a Sunbolt Gauntlet if the target is a CHAOS

DAEMON unit.

Blood Frenzy: A Carnosaur that tastes flesh in
the midst of battle becomes a rampaging force
of destruction.

If any enemy models are slain by wounds
inflicted by this model’s attacks, for the rest of
the battle this model can run and still charge in
the same turn .

Cold Ferocity: Saurus heroes fight with a
carefully controlled fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by this model is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

Pinned Down: Carnosaurs tackle prey by pinning
them in place with their powerful forelimbs and
then tearing into them with their massive jaws.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Massive
Jaws if the target has a Wounds characteristic of
7 or less.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, CARNOSAUR, MONSTER, HERO, OLDBLOOD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Eternity Warden

WARSCROLL

82

7

5"

8

3+

SAURUS ETERNITY WARDEN

Uncompromising guardians of the slann, Eternity Wardens are utterly committed to
the defence of their masters. Selflessly they will place themselves in the path of the foe,
weathering a storm of blows before responding with brutal violence.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Star-stone Mace (Celestite weapon)
Fearsome Jaws

1"
1"

3
1

3+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Saurus Eternity Warden is a single
model armed with a Star-stone Mace and
Fearsome Jaws.

ABILITIES

Cold Ferocity: Saurus heroes fight with a
carefully controlled fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by this model is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

Selfless Protectors: An Eternity Warden stands
as a living shield between the slann and their foes.

Roll a dice before you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly SLANN while it is within 3"
of any friendly units with this ability. On a 2+,
you must allocate that wound or mortal wound
to a friendly unit with this ability that is within
3" of that SLANN, instead of to that SLANN.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Prime Guardian: Eternity Wardens use not only
the weapons they hold in their hands to protect the
slann, but also the cohorts of Saurus Guard who
were created for that very purpose.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SAURUS
GUARD unit wholly within 18" of a friendly
model with this command ability. Until the
end of that phase, you can add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by that unit. A unit cannot benefit
from this command ability more than once
per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, HERO, ETERNITY WARDEN

Saurus Guard

2

5"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS GUARD

Patient and obstinate, Saurus Guard will not allow any harm to befall the Starmasters
while even one of their number draws breath. Each will fight to the very last to defend
their master, their polearms mercilessly hacking down the enemy.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Polearm
Powerful Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

2
1

3+
5+

3+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Saurus Guard has any number of
models, each armed with a Celestite Polearm and
Powerful Jaws.

SAURUS GUARD ALPHA: 1 model in this

unit can be a Saurus Guard Alpha. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
Celestite Polearm.

STARDRAKE ICON BEARER : 1 in every

5 models in this unit can be a Stardrake
Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 6" of any friendly Stardrake Icon Bearers.

WARDRUMMER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Wardrummer. You can
re-roll charge rolls for units that include
any Wardrummers.

ABILITIES

Selfless Protectors: The Saurus Guard stand as a
living shield between the slann and their foes.

Roll a dice before you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to a friendly SLANN while it is within 3"
of any friendly units with this ability. On a 2+,
you must allocate that wound or mortal wound
to a friendly unit with this ability that is within
3" of that SLANN, instead of to that SLANN.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, SAURUS GUARD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur

12

4+

8

WARSCROLL

SAURUS SCAR-VETERAN

ON CARNOSAUR

Scar-Veterans who have earned the right to ride a Carnosaur into battle are amongst
the most ferocious of all their ilk . Such is the combined power of saurus and warbeast
that they are capable of collapsing an entire enemy flank by themselves.

83

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Warblade
Celestite Warspear
Celestite Greatblade
Clawed Forelimbs
Massive Jaws

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
1"
2"
2"

6
6
3
2
3

3+
3+
4+

4+

DAMAGE TABLE

3+
3+
3+
3+
3+

-
-
-1
-
-1

1
1
2
2

Clawed Forelimbs

Massive Jaws

3+
4+
4+
5+
5+

5
4
3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur is a single
model armed with one of the following weapon
options: Celestite Warblade; Celestite Warspear;
or Celestite Greatblade.

MOUNT: This model’s Carnosaur attacks with
its Clawed Forelimbs and Massive Jaws.

Blood Frenzy: A Carnosaur that tastes flesh in
the midst of battle becomes a rampaging force
of destruction.

If any enemy models are slain by wounds
inflicted by this model’s attacks, for the rest of
the battle this model can run and still charge in
the same turn .

Celestite Warspear: A warspear is especially
deadly when used by cavalry on the charge.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this
model’s Celestite Warspear if this model made a
charge move in the same turn .

Cold Ferocity: Saurus heroes fight with a
carefully controlled fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by this model is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

Pinned Down: Carnosaurs tackle prey by pinning
them in place with their powerful forelimbs and
then tearing into them with their massive jaws.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with Massive
Jaws if the target has a Wounds characteristic of
7 or less.

Terror: This terrifying monstrosity strikes fear
into the hearts of its foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
friendly units with this ability.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Saurian Savagery: The Scar-Veteran looses an
ear-splitting roar that drives nearby saurus into a
killing frenzy.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SAURUS unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability. Until the end of that phase, if
the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon by that friendly SAURUS unit is 6,
that attack scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, CARNOSAUR, MONSTER, HERO, SCAR-VETERAN

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Scar-Veteran on Cold One

84

7

8"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS SCAR-VETERAN

ON COLD ONE

Scar-Veterans are the lieutenants of the saurian hosts, each a proven battlefield
commander and deadly warrior. They regularly take to the field astride predatory
reptilian beasts, all the better to reach the thick of the fighting sooner.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Warpick
Fearsome Jaws
Snapping Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"

3
1
2

3+
4+
3+

3+
3+
4+

-1
-
-

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Saurus Scar-Veteran on Cold One is a single
model armed with a Celestite Warpick and
Fearsome Jaws.

MOUNT: This model’s Cold One attacks with its
Snapping Jaws.

ABILITIES

Cold Ferocity: Saurus heroes fight with a
carefully controlled fury.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Celestite weapon by this model is 6, that attack
scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Saurian Savagery: The Scar-Veteran looses an
ear-splitting roar that drives nearby saurus into a
killing frenzy.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SAURUS unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability. Until the end of that phase, if
the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon by that friendly SAURUS unit is 6,
that attack scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit. A unit
cannot benefit from this command ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, COLD ONE, HERO, SAURUS SCAR-VETERAN

Saurus Warriors

1

5"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS WARRIORS

Saurus Warriors are the brutal heart of the Seraphon armies. Bred solely for war, their
cohorts advance across the battlefield in disciplined lockstep, unleashing their cold-
blooded savagery only when battle is joined.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Celestite Club
Celestite Spear
Powerful Jaws

1"
2"
1"

1
1
1

4+
4+
5+

3+
3+
4+

-1
-
-

1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Saurus Warriors has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Celestite Club
and Powerful Jaws; or Celestite Spear and
Powerful Jaws.

SAURUS WARRIOR ALPHA: 1 model in this

unit can be a Saurus Warrior Alpha. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of that model’s Celestite
Club or Celestite Spear.

STARDRAKE ICON BEARER : 1 in every

5 models in this unit can be a Stardrake
Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 6" of any friendly Stardrake Icon Bearers.

WARDRUMMER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Wardrummer. You can
re-roll charge rolls for units that include
any Wardrummers.

ABILITIES

Ordered Cohort: Saurus are even deadlier when
fighting in organised ranks.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
Celestite Clubs or Celestite Spears while this unit
has 15 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, SAURUS WARRIORS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Saurus Astrolith Bearer

6

5"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS ASTROLITH BEARER

85

Inscribed with complex geometric and astrological symbols, an astrolith is a conduit
for the power of Azyr. Those Seraphon in the presence of such an icon fight all the
harder, empowered by the energies of the heavens radiating from the artefact.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Warpick
Fearsome Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

3
1

3+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Saurus Astrolith Bearer is a single
model armed with a Celestite Warpick and
Fearsome Jaws.

ABILITIES

Celestial Conduit: An astrolith increases the flow
of celestial magic in the vicinity.

Add 1 to casting rolls for friendly SERAPHON
WIZARDS while they are within 12" of any
models with this ability. In addition, add
6" to the range of any spells cast by friendly
SERAPHON WIZARDS while they are within 12"
of any models with this ability.

Revivifying Energies: The cosmic energies

emanating from an astrolith protect nearby
Seraphon, sealing the most grievous wounds in
flashes of cerulean light.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a friendly SERAPHON unit
wholly within 12" of any models with this ability.
On a 6, that wound or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, HERO, TOTEM, ASTROLITH BEARER

Saurus Knights

2

8"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

SAURUS KNIGHTS

Mounted on cunning predatory beasts known as Cold Ones, Saurus Knights are the
shock cavalry of the Seraphon. Weapons blazing with celestial light, they crash into
the enemy with terrible, savage force.

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Blade
Celestite Warspear
Powerful Jaws
Snapping Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"
1"

2
2
1
2

3+
4+
5+
3+

3+
3+
4+
4+

-
-
-
-

1
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Saurus Knights has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Celestite Blade
and Powerful Jaws; or Celestite Warspear and
Powerful Jaws.

MOUNT: This unit’s Cold Ones attack with their
Snapping Jaws.

SAURUS KNIGHT ALPHA: 1 model in this

unit can be a Saurus Knight Alpha. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of that model’s Celestite
Blade or Celestite Warspear.

WARDRUMMER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Wardrummer. You can
re-roll charge rolls for units that include
any Wardrummers.

STARDRAKE ICON BEARER : 1 in every

5 models in this unit can be a Stardrake
Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 6" of any friendly Stardrake Icon Bearers.

ABILITIES

Celestite Warspear: A warspear is especially
deadly when used by cavalry on the charge.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this unit’s
Celestite Warspears if this unit made a charge
move in the same turn .

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SAURUS, COLD ONE, SAURUS KNIGHTS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Skink Starseer

Skink Starpriest

86

DESCRIPTION

A Skink Starseer is a single model armed with an
Astromancer’s Staff and Astral Bolt.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Cosmic Herald: Through performing complex
star-rituals, these priests can divine – and
therefore manipulate – the outcome of a battle.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for this
model. On a 4+, you receive 1 command point.

Astromancer’s Staff: A Starseer’s staff contains
the power to alter the flow of time.

At the start of your charge phase, you can pick 1
friendly SERAPHON unit wholly within 12" of
this model. If you do so, in that phase you can
attempt to charge with that unit if it is within
18" of the enemy instead of 12", and you roll 3D6
instead of 2D6 when making the charge roll.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows

the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Control
Fate spells.

Control Fate: This spell grants the caster a brief
chance to influence the destiny of a friend or foe.

Control Fate has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 unit within 18" of the
caster and visible to them. If that unit is an
enemy unit, until your next hero phase, subtract
1 from save rolls for attacks that target that unit.
If that unit is a friendly SERAPHON unit, until
your next hero phase, add 1 to save rolls for
attacks that target that unit.

SKINK STARSEER

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Astral Bolt

18"

2

3+

3+

-1

D3

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Astromancer’s Staff

2"

2

4+

3+

-1

D3

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, HERO, WIZARD, STARSEER

WARSCROLL

5"

6

5

5+

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, HERO, WIZARD, STARPRIEST

DESCRIPTION

A Skink Starpriest is a single model armed with a
Serpent Staff and Venombolt.

ABILITIES

Astral Herald: Through performing complex star-
rituals, these priests can divine – and therefore
manipulate – the outcome of a battle.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice for this
model. On a 5+, you receive 1 command point.

Serpent Staff: Channelling cosmic power through
their twin-headed staff, a Starpriest coats their
allies’ weapons in deadly venom.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
SERAPHON unit wholly within 12" of this
model. If you do so, until your next hero phase, if
the unmodified wound roll for an attack made by
that unit is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target in addition to any normal damage.
A unit cannot benefit from this ability more than
once per phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind 1
spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows the Arcane
Bolt, Mystic Shield and Blazing Starlight spells.

Blazing Starlight: The Starpriest summons the
blazing light of a distant celestial body.

Blazing Starlight has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit.

SKINK STARPRIEST

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Venombolt

18"

2

3+

3+

-1

1

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Serpent Staff

1"

2

4+

3+

-1

1

WARSCROLL

8"

6

5

5+

KEYWORDS

Greatest of all the skink priesthood, the Starseers are the most powerful wizards of a
constellation after the slann themselves. Their celestial blessings allow them to gaze
into the future, influencing the skeins of fate to their masters’ unknowable ends.

Blessed with great intelligence and a deep connection to Azyr, the Starpriests provide
front-line magical support to the Seraphon in battle. Each is a talented wizard, able to
unleash the scouring light of distant celestial bodies upon the foe.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Skink Oracle on Troglodon

12

4+

6

WARSCROLL

SKINK ORACLE

ON TROGLODON

87

Conduits of celestial magic, the Oracles are blessed with a portion of the slann’s
magical might. They are the only skinks capable of taming the foul Troglodons,
directing the loathsome beasts to slake their hunger on the enemies of the Seraphon.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Noxious Spittle

MELEE WEAPONS

Divining Rod
Clawed Forelimbs
Venomous Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

D3

3+

3+

-

2

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
2"

2
2
3

4+
4+
4+

4+
3+

-1
-
-

D3
2
2

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Noxious Spittle

Venomous Jaws

18"
15"
12"
9"
6"

2+
3+
3+
4+
5+

DESCRIPTION

A Skink Oracle on Troglodon is a single model
armed with a Divining Rod.

MOUNT: This model’s Troglodon attacks
with its Noxious Spittle, Venomous Jaws and
Clawed Forelimbs.

ABILITIES

Drawn to the Screams: Troglodons are drawn to
the screams elicited by wounds inflicted by their
noxious spittle.

If any wounds inflicted by this model’s Noxious
Spittle are allocated to an enemy model and not
negated, until the end of the turn, you can re-roll
charge rolls for this model.

Oracle of the Slann: An Oracle can draw upon
some of the power of their slann master no matter
how far away they may be.

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding
rolls for this model. In addition, this model can
attempt to unbind spells that are cast anywhere
on the battlefield and attempt to dispel endless
spells anywhere on the battlefield.

Regeneration: Troglodons are able to regrow
injured flesh almost as soon as they are harmed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for this
model. If you do so, on a 2+, heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

Terror: This terrifying monstrosity strikes fear
into the hearts of its foes.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
friendly units with this ability.

Venomous Spittle: The venom that drips
from a Troglodon’s jaws is extremely toxic and
highly corrosive.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with this model’s Noxious Spittle or Venomous
Jaws is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on
the target in addition to any normal damage.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to cast 1
spell in your hero phase and attempt to unbind 1
spell in the enemy hero phase. This model knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Comet’s
Ca l l spells.

Comet’s Ca l l : His consciousness soaring up to the
heavens, the caster summons a cluster of comets
before casting them into the enemy’s ranks.

Comet’s Ca l l has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you can pick up to D3 different
enemy units anywhere on the battlefield. Each
of those units suffers D3 mortal wounds (roll
separately for each). If the casting roll was 10+,
pick up to D6 different enemy units instead of
up to D3.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, TROGLODON, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, ORACLE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Skink Priest

88

4

8"

6

5+

WARSCROLL

SKINK PRIEST

The priestly leaders of the skink communities do not shy away from fighting alongside
their followers. Bearing relics of their lost creator-gods, these reptilian clerics
passionately inspire their kin to fight all the harder.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Starbolt

MELEE WEAPONS

Star-stone Staff

Range

18"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2

4+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

4+

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Skink Priest is a single model armed with a
Starbolt and Star-stone Staff.

ABILITIES

COMMAND ABILITIES

Star-stone Staff: A Skink Priest can use their
Star-stone staff to fill their skink followers with a
measure of Azyrite energy.

Herald of the Old Ones: The chirruped sermons

and holy exhortations of a Skink Priest embolden
their followers to fight all the harder.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
SKINK unit wholly within 12" of this model
and roll a dice. On a 3+, until your next hero
phase, that unit can run and still shoot and/or
charge in the same turn, and you can add 1 to
save rolls for attacks that target that unit. A unit
cannot benefit from this ability more than once
per phase.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SKINK unit
wholly within 18" of a friendly model with this
command ability. Until your next hero phase,
you can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by that
unit. A unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per phase.

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, HERO, PRIEST

KEYWORDS

Skinks

1

8"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

SKINKS

The smallest of all Seraphon subspecies, skinks are swift and clever warriors. Though
physically frail they are capable of covering ground with impressive speed, swarming
as a scaly mass to unleash a storm of poison-tipped projectiles.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Meteoric Javelin
Boltspitter

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Dagger
Moonstone Club

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

8"
16"

1
1

5+
5+

4+
5+

-
-

1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
1

5+
4+

5+
4+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Sk inks has any number of models. The
unit is armed with one of the following weapon
options: Meteoric Javelin, Celestite Dagger and
Star-buckler; Boltspitter and Moonstone Club;
Boltspitter, Celestite Dagger and Star-buckler; or
Moonstone Club and Star-buckler.

SKINK ALPHA: 1 model in this unit can be a
Skink Alpha. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s melee weapons.

Swarming Cohort: Large cohorts of skinks can
bring down the mightiest foes through sheer
weight of numbers.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of weapons
used by this unit while it has 15 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINKS

Star-buckler: Some skinks carry bucklers as
resilient as the scales of a Stardrake.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a unit
armed with Star-bucklers.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Chameleon Skinks

1

8"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

CHAMELEON SKINKS

89

Chameleon Skinks stalk their prey with infinite patience. Able to blend perfectly into
their environment, these peerless hunters silently creep up on their targets, before
unleashing a storm of blowdarts covered in the most potent venoms.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Dartpipe

MELEE WEAPONS

Celestite Dagger

Range

16"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2

3+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1

5+

5+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chameleon Sk inks has any number
of models, each armed with a Dartpipe and
Celestite Dagger.

ABILITIES

Chameleon Ambush: Chameleon Skinks can
blend with their surroundings and go into hiding.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is
hiding as a reserve unit. If you do so, at the end
of any of your movement phases, you can set up

this unit on the battlefield more than 9" from any
enemy units.

Perfect Mimicry: A Chameleon Skink lurking
amidst dense terrain is nearly impossible to spot.

If this unit is on the battlefield at the end of your
movement phase, you can remove it and say
that it is hiding as a reserve unit. You can reveal
it as described above at the end of any of your
subsequent movement phases.

Any reserve units that are in hiding and not on
the battlefield at the start of the fourth battle
round are slain.

The cover modifier adds 3 to save rolls for attacks
that target this unit, instead of 1.

Star-venom: The darts used by Chameleon Skinks
are coated in deadly toxins.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Dartpipe is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, CHAMELEON SKINKS

Salamander Hunting Pack

WARSCROLL

1

8"

5

4+

SALAMANDER HUNTING PACK

One of the many predatory beasts bred for war by the Seraphon, Salamanders are
capable of belching forth streams of deadly liquid flame. Those who manage to survive
the fiery burst soon find themselves horrifically digested alive by the caustic juices.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Stream of Fire

MELEE WEAPONS

Burning Jaws
Celestite Goad

Range

12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

4

3+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3
1

3+
4+

3+
5+

Rend

-2

Rend

-2
-

Damage

D3

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Salamander Hunting Pack has any number
of Skink Handler models, each armed with a
Celestite Goad.

It Burns!: The corrosive liquid produced by a
Salamander sticks to the target and eats through
armour, flesh and bone.

SALAMANDERS : 1 in every 4 models in
this unit must be a Salamander instead of a
Skink Handler. A Salamander has a Wounds
characteristic of 3 instead of 1 and is armed with
a Stream of Fire and Burning Jaws instead of a
Celestite Goad.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Stream of Fire or Burning Jaws is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target unit and
the attack sequence ends (do not make a wound
or save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, SALAMANDER, HUNTING PACK

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Razordon Hunting Pack

WARSCROLL

90

1

8"

5

4+

RAZORDON HUNTING PACK

A Razordon’s back and tail are covered in a thick layer of sharp spines that can be
ejected with a muscular spasm. These qualities make the beasts adept at defending key
sites, for they take bestial delight in pincushioning any who stray too close.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Volley of Spikes

MELEE WEAPONS

Spiked Tail
Celestite Goad

Range

18"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2D6

3+

4+

-

1

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3
1

3+
4+

3+
5+

-2
-

2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Razordon Hunting Pack has any number
of Skink Handler models, each armed with a
Celestite Goad.

Instinctive Defence: Razordons are highly

territorial beasts, quick to unleash a storm of
barbed spines when threatened.

RAZORDONS: 1 in every 4 models in this unit
must be a Razordon instead of a Skink Handler.
A Razordon has a Wounds characteristic of 3
instead of 1 and is armed with a Volley of Spikes
and Spiked Tail instead of a Celestite Goad.

If there are any enemy units within 3" of this unit
at the end of the charge phase, and no enemy
units were within 3" of this unit at the start of
that phase, each Razordon in this unit can make
a shooting attack with its Volley of Spikes but
the Attacks characteristic for that attack is D6
instead of 2D6.

Piercing Barbs: The volleys of spikes unleashed
by a Razordon are especially dangerous at
short range.

Improve the Rend characteristic by 1 for an
attack made with a Volley of Spikes if the
distance to the target is 6" or less.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, RAZORDON, HUNTING PACK

Kroxigor

4

8"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

KROXIGOR

Taller and bulkier than even the most hulking saurus, each Kroxigor is a monstrously
strong crocodilian brute. They wade into battle alongside massed skink cohorts,
crushing any who would threaten their diminutive cousins.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Drakebite Maul
Moon Hammer
Vice-like Jaws

2"
2"
1"

Attacks

4
See below
1

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

4+
4+
4+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

2
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kroxigor has any number of models,
each armed with a Drakebite Maul and Vice-like
Jaws. 1 in every 3 models in this unit can replace
their Drakebite Maul with a Moon Hammer.

ABILITIES

Battle Synergy: Kroxigor fight all the harder in
the presence of skinks.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
while it is wholly within 6" of any SKINK units.

Jaws Like a Steel Trap: A Kroxigor in full battle-
frenzy may clamp its massive teeth around its
victim, shaking them back and forth like a rag doll
to shatter bones and rip through flesh.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Vice-like Jaws is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Sweeping Blows: A Kroxigor armed with a
Moon Hammer swings its weapon in wide arcs,
smashing aside a multitude of foes with each blow.

The Attacks characteristic of a Moon Hammer
is equal to the number of enemy models within
2" of the attacking model when the number of
attacks made with the weapon is determined.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, KROXIGOR

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bastiladon

10

5"

6

WARSCROLL

BASTILADON

91

With scales thicker than the hull of a Steam Tank, a Bastiladon is nearly impervious
to attack. They lumber forth heedless of even the mightiest blows, the skinks that ride
upon their armoured shells operating deadly relics of the Old Ones.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Solar Engine
Meteoric Javelins

MELEE WEAPONS

Ark of Sotek
Bludgeoning Tail

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

24"
8"

4

4+
5+

3+
4+

-1
-

2
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

3"
2"

3

4+
3+

6+
3+

-
-1

1
D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

Save

1+
2+
3+
4+
4+

Solar Engine

9
8
7
6
5

Ark of Sotek

18
15
12
9
6

DESCRIPTION

A Bastiladon is a single model armed with a
Bludgeoning Tail, Meteoric Javelins and one of
the following weapon options: Ark of Sotek; or
Solar Engine.

ABILITIES

Light of the Heavens: The light of a Solar Engine
is utterly lethal to the minions of Chaos.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by each successful
attack made with a Solar Engine that targets a

CHAOS DAEMON unit.

Tide of Snakes: So numerous are the snakes
unleashed by an Ark of Sotek that it is almost
inevitable some will find their way past the foe’s
defences to deliver a lethal venomous bite.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
an Ark of Sotek is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, MONSTER, BASTILADON

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Terradon Riders

92

3

16"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

TERRADON RIDERS

Few creatures can hope to match a Terradon for speed. The skinks that ride them are
gifted aerial warriors, directing their mounts to swoop low over the enemy lines before
releasing the meteoric rocks that the beasts clasp in their powerful hind claws.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Starstrike Javelin
Sunleech Bolas

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-sharp Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

12"
6"

2
D6

4+
4+

3+
3+

-
-

1
1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

4

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Terradon Riders has any number
of models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: Starstrike Javelin; or
Sunleech Bolas.

MOUNT: This unit’s Terradons attack with their
Razor-sharp Jaws.

FLY: This unit can fly.

TERRADON RIDER ALPHA: 1 model in

this unit can be a Terradon Rider Alpha. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
missile weapons.

ABILITIES

Deadly Cargo: Terradons carry heavy boulders
hewn from meteoric rock and carved with sigils of
destruction, ready to be dropped at a command
from their riders.

Once per battle, after this unit finishes a move,
you can pick 1 enemy unit and roll 1 dice for
each model in this unit that passed across any
models from that enemy unit. For each 4+, that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, TERRADON, TERRADON RIDERS

Ripperdactyl Riders

3

12"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

RIPPERDACTYL RIDERS

In a storm of snapping, razor-sharp fangs, Ripperdactyls descend to tear apart their
prey. The bloodlust of these creatures can never be sated, for in their bestial hearts
lurks an endless desire to k i l l .

MELEE WEAPONS

Moonstone Warspear
Tearing Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

1
3

4+
4+

4+
3+

-
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Ripperdactyl Riders has any number of
models, each armed with a Moonstone Warspear.

MOUNT: This unit’s Ripperdactyls attack with
their Tearing Jaws.

FLY: This unit can fly.

RIPPERDACTYL RIDER ALPHA: 1 model in

this unit can be a Ripperdactyl Rider Alpha. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
Moonstone Warspear.

BLOT TOAD: You receive 1 Blot Toad marker for
each RIPPERDACTYL RIDERS unit in your army.

Toad Rage: The mere scent of a Blot Toad sends
Ripperdactyls into a frenzy. It is no coincidence
that these diminutive creatures seem to
materialise whenever the winged beasts are near.

At the start of the combat phase, you can set up
1 Blot Toad marker next to 1 enemy unit. If you
do so, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made
with Tearing Jaws by friendly RIPPERDACTYL
units that are wholly within 6" of that enemy
unit. At the end of the combat phase, remove
the Blot Toad marker; it cannot be used again in
that battle.

Designer’s Note: Blot Toads are not units; they
are markers that are used to keep track of which
enemy units this ability affects and how many
times you can use this ability during a battle.

Voracious Appetite: Ripperdactyls have a

constant urge to feed, even in the midst of battle.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Tearing Jaws is 6, that attack scores 2 hits
on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, RIPPERDACTYL, RIPPERDACTYL RIDERS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Terradon Chief

5

16"
6+

6

WARSCROLL

TERRADON CHIEF

93

Known to their kin as ‘Masters of the Skies’, Skink Chiefs who ride Terradons are
cunning warriors. They are adept at remaining beyond enemy retribution, directing
their aerial cohorts to unleash their rocky barrage at precisely the right moment.

MELEE WEAPONS

Skyblade
Razor-sharp Jaws

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

3
4

3+
4+

4+
4+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Terradon Chief is a single model armed with
a Skyblade.

MOUNT: This model’s Terradon attacks with its
Razor-sharp Jaws.

FLY: This model can fly.

Lead from on High: This wily chieftain directs
their allies while flying high in the sky, only
darting down for the briefest of moments to
launch a strafing attack run .

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by models that cannot fly that
target this model.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Coordinated Attack: A Terradon Chief can direct
his warriors so that they unleash their deadly
cargo to maximum effect.

You can this command ability when a friendly
TERRADON RIDERS unit uses its Deadly Cargo
ability while it is wholly within 12" of a friendly
model with this command ability. If you do so,
the enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds for
each 2+ instead of each 4+.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, TERRADON, HERO, TERRADON CHIEF

Ripperdactyl Chief

5

12"
5+

6

WARSCROLL

RIPPERDACTYL CHIEF

Skink Chiefs who ride Ripperdactyls are fearsome, battle-scarred warriors that
share much in common with their ferocious mounts. Under their direction, a pack of
Ripperdactyls can unleash a truly hideous storm of violence.

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Skyblade
Tearing Jaws

1"
1"

4
4

3+
4+

4+
3+

-1
-

1
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Ripperdactyl Chief is a single model armed
with a Skyblade.

Voracious Appetite: Ripperdactyls have a

constant urge to feed, even in the midst of battle.

MOUNT: This model’s Ripperdactyl attacks with
its Tearing Jaws.

FLY: This model can fly.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Tearing Jaws is 6, that attack scores 2 hits on the
target instead of 1. Make a wound and save roll
for each hit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Ripperdactyl Assault: A Ripperdactyl Chief is as
ferocious as his mount, their example inspiring
any cohorts of Ripperdactyl Riders that are nearby
to attack with unbridled fury.

You can this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
model with this command ability. Until
the end of that phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used by friendly
RIPPERDACTYL units that are wholly within
18" of that model.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, RIPPERDACTYL, HERO, RIPPERDACTYL CHIEF

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Stegadon

94

10

4+

5

WARSCROLL

STEGADON

A charging Stegadon is nothing less than a living battering ram. Its skink riders wield
all manner of deadly weapons, while the crushing bulk and sharpened horns of the
Stegadon can smash aside even the most determined defenders.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Meteoric Javelins
Skystreak Bow
Sunfire Throwers

MELEE WEAPONS

Meteoric Warspear
Massive Horns
Grinding Jaws
Crushing Stomps

8"
24"
8"

4
3
1

5+
3+

4+
3+

-
-1

1
3

See below

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
2"
1"
1"

3
2
2

3+
3+
3+
3+

DAMAGE TABLE

3+
3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1
-1

1

2
2

Wounds Suffered

Move

Massive Horns

Crushing Stomps

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-9
9+

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

4
3
2
2
1

5
4
3
2
1

Unstoppable Stampede: Stegadons are nigh

unstoppable as they crash through the midst
of battle.

Roll 1 dice for each enemy unit that is within 1"
of this model when this model finishes a charge
move. On a 3+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Coordinated Strike: A Skink Chief mounted

on a Stegadon is in the perfect position to direct
the efforts of those skink warriors and warbeast
handlers that are nearby, amplifying their
destructive power.

You can this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SKINK unit wholly within 24" of a friendly
STEGADON HERO with this command ability.
Until the end of that phase, add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used by that
SKINK unit. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Stegadon is a single model armed with Massive
Horns, Grinding Jaws and Crushing Stomps.

CREW: This model has a skink crew that attack
with Meteoric Javelins and one of the following
weapon options: Skystreak Bow; or Sunfire
Throwers. For rules purposes, the crew are
treated in the same manner as a mount.

SKINK CHIEF: This model can include 1 Skink
Chief armed with a Meteoric Warspear. If it
does, this model has the HERO keyword but any
command traits or artefacts of power this model
has only affect attacks made by the Skink Chief.

Armoured Crest: A Stegadon will turn to face a
foe head-on if it can, so that its thickly scaled crest
can protect it from harm.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 3" of this model and that has
up to 5 models. If you do so, until the end of that
phase, add 1 to save rolls for attacks made by that
unit that target this model.

Gout of Sunfire: Sunfire throwers unleash great
roiling clouds of cosmic flame.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Sunfire Throwers. Instead, roll a
number of dice equal to the number of models
from the target unit within 8" of the attacking
model. For each 5+, the target unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Steadfast Majesty: Stegadons are almost fearless
beasts, and their stubborn refusal to back down
when faced by even the most fearsome foes
inspires great courage in nearby skinks.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for friendly
SKINK units while they are wholly within 18" of
any friendly STEGADON units.

STEGADON

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, MONSTER, STEGADON

STEGADON WITH SKINK CHIEF

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, HERO, MONSTER, STEGADON

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Engine of the Gods

12

4+

6

WARSCROLL

ENGINE OF THE GODS

95

Only in the most dire of circumstances will the Starmasters command an Engine of
the Gods to be activated. Borne to battle atop a steadfast elder Stegadon, the power of
these devices is unpredictable but often deadly to the enemies of the Seraphon.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Meteoric Javelins

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Horns
Grinding Jaws
Crushing Stomps

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

8"

4

5+

4+

-

1

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"
1"

2
2

3+
3+
3+

3+
3+
3+

-1
-1
-1

2
2

Wounds Suffered

Move

Massive Horns

Crushing Stomps

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

DESCRIPTION

An Engine of the Gods is a single model armed
with Massive Horns, Grinding Jaws and
Crushing Stomps.

CREW: This model has a skink crew that attack
with Meteoric Javelins. For rules purposes, the
crew are treated in the same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Armoured Crest: A Stegadon will turn to face a
foe head-on if it can, so that its thickly scaled crest
can protect it from harm.

At the start of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 3" of this model and that has
up to 5 models. If you do so, until the end of that
phase, add 1 to save rolls for attacks made by that
unit that target this model.

Cosmic Engine: The Engine of the Gods is an
ancient device, so powerful that it is capable of
disrupting the natural laws of the universe.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can
make 1 cosmic engine roll for 1 model with this
ability. Roll 2D6 and look up the roll on the table
to the right. If there is a friendly SLANN within
12" of this model, you can choose to roll 3D6
instead of 2D6.

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

Roll

2-3

4-8

9-12

13-17

18

4
3
2
2
1

5
4
3
2
1

Steadfast Majesty: Stegadons are almost fearless
beasts, and their stubborn refusal to back down
when faced by even the most fearsome foes
inspires great courage in nearby skinks.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for friendly
SKINK units while they are wholly within 18" of
any friendly STEGADON units.

Unstoppable Stampede: Stegadons are nigh

unstoppable as they crash through the midst
of battle.

Roll 1 dice for each enemy unit that is within 1"
of this model when this model finishes a charge
move. On a 3+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Effect

The Engine of the Gods shakes violently
as the universe resists its pull.

This model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

The Engine thrums furiously and a
brilliant white light shines forth.

Heal D3 wounds allocated to each
friendly SERAPHON unit wholly within
12" of this model (roll separately for
each unit).

Bolts of azure energy shoot from the
Engine and engulf the foe.

You can either pick 1 enemy unit within
24" this model that is visible to it and
roll 1 dice, or roll 1 dice for each enemy
unit within 12" of this model that is
visible to it. On a 2+, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

A sudden pulse of starlight heralds the
manifestation of new Seraphon warriors.

You can set up 1 unit of 10 Saurus
Warriors wholly within 12" of this model
and more than 9" from any enemy units,
and add it to your army.

Time crawls to a halt around the
Seraphon warhost.

For the rest of the turn you can re-roll
charge rolls for friendly SERAPHON
units wholly within 24" of this model,
and double the Attacks characteristic of
weapons used by friendly SERAPHON
units while they are wholly within 24" of
this model.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SERAPHON, SKINK, MONSTER, STEGADON, HERO, ENGINE OF THE GODS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Purple Sun of Shyish

96

BOUND PURPLE SUN OF SHYISH

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

No spell inspires greater fear in the beholder than the Purple Sun. The skull-faced orb drifts across the
battlefield, its rays of death energy transmuting all they touch into amethyst statues.

in that unit is slain. If the unit has a Wounds
characteristic of 6 or more, for each 6 it suffers
2D6 mortal wounds instead.

Visage of Xereus: The skeletal face leering out
from this broiling orb fills all who witness it with
mortal terror.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of all
units while they are within 6" of this model.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Bound Purple Sun of Shyish is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Purple Sun of Shyish
is a predatory endless spell. It can move up to 9"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Purple Sun: By uttering

dread incantations of ancient days, a desperate
or foolhardy wizard can summon the abyssal
Purple Sun.

Summon Bound Purple Sun has a casting value
of 8. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up
a Bound Purple Sun of Shyish model wholly
within 6" of the caster.

Swirling Death: Swelling and pulsating as it
takes form, the Purple Sun soon moves with
a malevolent sentience in the direction of the
caster’s foes.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

End Given Form: All those touched by the dire
rays of the Purple Sun of Shyish meet their final
fate, their bodies crystallised and their souls
ripped away to the Realm of Death.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other unit
that is within 1" of it at the end of its move, is
subjected to the Purple Sun’s baleful energies.
For each unit subjected to the baleful energies,
roll a number of dice equal to the number of
models in that unit. For each 6, one model

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, PURPLE SUN OF SHYISH

Bound Balewind Vortex

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND BALEWIND VORTEX

A Balewind Vortex is a terrifying sight to behold on the battlefield – a swirling, violently swaying cyclone of fell
energies that can be summoned by a wizard and used as a platform from which to more effectively cast spells.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Balewind Vortex is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Balewind Vortex: Those with

command over the howling winds of the aether
can transform them into a platform beneath their
feet so as to ride the arcane tempest.

Summon Bound Balewind Vortex has a casting
value of 6. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS that
are not already on a BALEWIND VORTEX
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully
cast, set up a Bound Balewind Vortex model
within 1" of the caster and more than 3" from
any enemy models, then place the caster on the
upper platform.

As long as the Bound Balewind Vortex is on the
battlefield, both it and the caster are treated as

a single model from the caster’s army that uses
the caster’s warscroll as well as the endless spells
rules. It is treated as an enemy model by the
opposing player’s army. A model on a Bound
Balewind Vortex cannot move.

If the caster of a Bound Balewind Vortex
attempts to dispel it, the attempt is automatically
successful (do not roll any dice). This uses up
the additional spell that the caster would have
received in that hero phase, and still counts as
the single attempt they can make to dispel an
endless spell in that hero phase, but they can
make any remaining casting attempts normally.

If the caster of a Bound Balewind Vortex is slain,
then it is immediately dispelled and removed
from play along with the caster.

If a Bound Balewind Vortex is dispelled and
the caster has not been slain, first set up the
caster wholly within 6" of it and more than 3"

from any enemy models, and then remove the
Bound Balewind Vortex model from play. If it is
impossible to set up the caster, they are slain.

ABILITIES

Against the Aetheric Wind: The Balewind

Vortex slows incoming attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a model
on a Bound Balewind Vortex.

Arcane Invigoration: The Balewind Vortex

empowers as well as elevates the wizard to whom
it is bound.

A model on a Bound Balewind Vortex can
attempt to cast 1 additional spell in your hero
phase (including the turn in which the Summon
Bound Balewind Vortex spell was cast), and
you can add 6" to the range of any spells the
model casts.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, BALEWIND VORTEX

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND RAVENAK’S GNASHING JAWS

97

Savage, unrelenting and eternally hungry, the spell known as Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws chomps its way through entire
regiments of infantry, transporting its mangled prey into the stomach of a great pit-beast in Ghur.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws is a
single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Ravenak’s Gnashing
Jaws is a predatory endless spell. It can move up
to 12" and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Gnashing Jaws: The bestial

magics of Ghur can be used to give shape to a
razor-fanged avatar of one of its most terrifying
denizens – the eternally voracious Ravenak.

Summon Bound Gnashing Jaws has a casting
value of 8. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can
attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Bound Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws model
wholly within 6" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Endless Appetite: Before they are even finished
manifesting, these disembodied jaws streak
towards nearby morsels to devour.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Ravening Hunger: Rampaging across the
battlefield in a blur of bestial motion, the razor-
sharp teeth of Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws rip apart
anyone and anything within reach.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other
unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its move,
suffers D3 mortal wounds. In addition, until
the end of the battle round, subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of each unit that has any
models it passed across.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, RAVENAK’S GNASHING JAWS

Bound Prismatic Palisade

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND PRISMATIC PALISADE

The crystalline spars of the Prismatic Palisade are formed of pure light, hardened into a barrier that bathes those on
the battlefield in the blinding rays of Hysh.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Prismatic Palisade is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Prismatic Palisade: Those

enlightened wizards who possess the required
insight and purity of mind can draw forth an
unbreakable wall of pure Hyshian crystal from the
ground, blinding all who gaze upon it.

Summon Bound Prismatic Palisade has a casting
value of 5. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can
attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Bound Prismatic Palisade model wholly
within 18" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Blinding Light: The radiant beams projected
from this barrier confound the aim of all within
sight of it.

At the start of each turn, roll a dice for each unit
within 6" of this model. On a 5+, until the end
of the turn, subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made by that unit.

Dazzling Brilliance: Knowing the impossibility
of looking directly upon the Prismatic Palisade,
a canny commander will position their forces
in such a way as to shield them from the eyes of
the enemy.

A model cannot see another model if an
imag inary straight line, 1mm wide, drawn from
the centre of its base to the centre of the other
model’s base passes over this model.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, PRISMATIC PALISADE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Aethervoid Pendulum

98

BOUND AETHERVOID PENDULUM

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

Sweeping suddenly into existence like a reaper’s blade, the Aethervoid Pendulum cuts through armour, flesh,
and even the fabric of the realms themselves with equal ease.

Unstoppable Mechanism: The swinging of

the Aethervoid Pendulum is as inevitable and
measured as time itself.

Whenever you set up this model, you must place
it lengthways in the direction you wish it to
move. Whenever it moves, move it in a straight
line in that direction.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Aethervoid Pendulum is a
single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Aethervoid Pendulum
is a predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Aethervoid Pendulum: With

a dread invocation, the fabric of reality is torn
by the swinging blade of one of the legendary
Aethervoid Pendulums.

Summon Bound Aethervoid Pendulum has a
casting value of 6. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up a Bound Aethervoid Pendulum model
wholly within 6" of the caster so that it points
lengthways in the direction you wish it to move.

ABILITIES

Slicing Into Reality: When an Aethervoid

Pendulum is summoned it slices into the realm
as if from nowhere, eviscerating everything in
its path.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Scything Blade: A single pass of the Pendulum’s
blade is enough to decimate the enemy ranks,
sending out gory showers of severed limbs and
decapitated heads as it swings.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other
unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its move,
suffers D6 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, AETHERVOID PENDULUM

Bound Suffocating Gravetide

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND SUFFOCATING GRAVETIDE

The spirits of the dead rise from the ground and surge forwards in a Suffocating Gravetide to smother the living,
burying their victims and dragging their souls down to the Realm of Death.

Roiling Barricade: Those caught beneath this
terrible deluge are shrouded from the their foes.

When a missile weapon targets a unit that has
all of its models within 1" of this model, the
target unit receives the benefit of cover if the
attacking unit is closer to this model than it is to
the target unit.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Suffocating Gravetide is a
single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Suffocating Gravetide
is a predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Suffocating Gravetide: With a

whispered curse, the ground and the dead buried
within it rise up in a destructive tidal wave.

Summon Bound Suffocating Gravetide has a
casting value of 6. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully
cast, set up a Bound Suffocating Gravetide
model wholly within 4" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Necrotic Tide: Those casters who give form to
Suffocating Gravetides are careful to ensure that
the bitter fury of the souls within is – initially, at
least – directed at the foe.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Pulled to the Grave: Those warriors caught
in the path of a Suffocating Gravetide find
themselves buffeted by churning earth and
dragged into the ground by the spectral forms of
the restless dead .

After this model has moved, each unit that
has any models it passed across suffers D3
mortal wounds. In addition, until the end of
the battle round, subtract 1 from the Bravery
characteristic of each unit that has any models it
passed across.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, SUFFOCATING GRAVETIDE

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Umbral Spellportal

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND UMBRAL SPELLPORTAL

99

Comprising a pair of shadowy mirrors, the Spellportal links two points on the battlefield, allowing wizards to cast
their destructive magics and enchanting boons at incredible distances.

If a predatory endless spell finishes a move
within 6" of a Bound Umbral Spellportal model,
remove it from the battlefield and set it up again
anywhere within 6" of the other Bound Umbral
Spellportal model from the same endless spell.
After an endless spell finishes a move within
6" of a Bound Umbral Spellportal and is set up
again, it cannot move again in that phase, and
you cannot use the Arcane Passage ability again
for that Bound Umbral Spellportal in that phase.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Umbral Spellportal is a single endless
spell that consists of 2 models (if it is dispelled,
remove both models).

MAGIC

Summon Bound Spellportal: Eldritch sigils can

be inscribed into the mist to summon a pair of
arcane mirrors, the surfaces of which undulate
with shadowy aetheric energy.

Summon Bound Spellportal has a casting value
of 5. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up the
first Bound Umbral Spellportal model wholly
within 12" of the caster, and then set up the
second Bound Umbral Spellportal model wholly
within 18" of the first.

ABILITIES

Arcane Passage: When looking upon an Umbral
Spellportal, those versed in magic see a shadowy
reflection of what lies on the other side of its
twinned construct; while physical matter cannot
travel through the portal, aetheric energy knows
no such restriction.

If a WIZARD successfully casts a spell while they
are within 1" of a Bound Umbral Spellportal
model, the range and visibility of the spell can
be measured from the other Bound Umbral
Spellportal model from the same endless spell.
After the range and visibility for a spell has been
measured from a Bound Umbral Spellportal,
you cannot use the Arcane Passage ability again
for that Bound Umbral Spellportal in that phase.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, UMBRAL SPELLPORTAL

Bound Malevolent Maelstrom

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND MALEVOLENT MAELSTROM

A Malevolent Maelstrom is a swirling vortex of magic, a tempest that sucks in sorcerous energies and the souls of the
dead before exploding in a cataclysmic nova.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Malevolent Maelstrom is a
single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Malevolent Maelstrom
is a predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Maelstrom: Through the

manipulation of the death energy around them, a
wizard can manifest an unstable, all-consuming
vortex and send it swirling into the enemy ranks.

Summon Bound Maelstrom has a casting value
of 7. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can attempt to
cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up a Bound
Malevolent Maelstrom model wholly within 18"
of the caster.

ABILITIES

Devourer of Sorcery and Souls: The Maelstrom

pulls the souls of the slain and the spells of the
living screaming unto itself, growing ever more
unstable as it does so.

If a WIZARD successfully casts a spell within
12" of this model and that spell is not unbound,
make an additional unbinding roll for that spell.
If the roll is successful, the spell is unbound and
1 energy point (see right) is allocated to this
model. In addition, 1 energy point is allocated to
this model for each unit that is destroyed within
6" of it.

Morbid Detonation: Having gorged itself
on magic and the howling spirits of the dead,
the maelstrom eventually collapses under
the weight of its own existence in a nova of
devastating energy.

At the end of the battle round, roll a dice for
this model and add the number of energy points
allocated to it to the roll. On a 7+, each unit
within 3D6" of this model suffers D3 mortal
wounds. This model is then dispelled.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, MALEVOLENT MAELSTROM

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Quicksilver Swords

100

BOUND QUICKSILVER SWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

Borne aloft on currents of Chamonic energy, Quicksilver Swords fly across the battlefield in tight formations
before fanning out to eviscerate and behead those in their path.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Bound Quicksilver Swords is a single model.

PREDATORY: Bound Quicksilver Swords is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Quicksilver Swords: With

the Smith Queen of Anvrok’s dying promise of
vengeance against the forces of Chaos incanted,
a dozen of her most finely wrought blades slice
their way into the realmsphere to assail their
conjurer’s enemies.

Summon Bound Quicksilver Swords has a
casting value of 6. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully
cast, set up a Bound Quicksilver Swords model
wholly within 10" of the caster.

Volley of Blades: The caster sends the
Quicksilver Swords straight into the heart of
the enemy.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Dancing Blades: With startling rapidity and
efficiency, and seemingly possessed of vengeful
purpose, the Quicksilver Swords cut through the
enemy lines, their keen-edged blades severing not
only limbs but spirits from their bodies.

After this model has moved, you can pick 1 unit
within 6" of it and roll 12 dice. For each roll of
6, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound. If the unit
being rolled for is a CHAOS unit, it suffers 1
mortal wound for each roll of 5+ instead.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, QUICKSILVER SWORDS

Bound Burning Head

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND BURNING HEAD

Formed from the fires of Aqshy, the Burning Head is a blazing skull that scorches its way across the battlefield,
incinerating ranks of troops and inflaming the anger of those who draw close.

Wrathful Aura: Fighters who feel the
incinerating heat of the Burning Head find their
rage brought to the fore.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by units
that are wholly within 9" of this model.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Bound Burning Head is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Burning Head is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 9" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Burning Head: By igniting the

fires of Aqshy around them, a wizard can give
shape to a spectral burning skull.

Summon Bound Burning Head has a casting
value of 7. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can
attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set
up a Bound Burning Head model wholly within
3" of the caster.

Fiery Missile: When the Burning Head is called
into being, it streaks from the caster’s hands like
a blazing meteor.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Flaming Skull: The Burning Head crashes into
the enemy battleline with volcano force, teeth
violently gnashing as it reduces all around it
to ash .

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other
unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its move,
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, BURNING HEAD

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Geminids of Uhl-Gysh

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND GEMINIDS OF UHL-GYSH

101

Drawn from the twilight demi-realm between Hysh and Ulgu, the Geminids lash out with the raw magic of light and
shadow, annihilating the flesh and alternately filling the mind with horrific lies and unbearable truths.

DESCRIPTION

Bound Geminids of Uhl-Gysh consists of 2
models (if it is dispelled, remove both models).

PREDATORY: Bound Geminids of Uhl-Gysh
is a predatory endless spell. When you move
this endless spell, it can move up to 8" and can
fly. Both models from this endless spell must
finish any move within 6" of each other; if this is
impossible, it is dispelled.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Geminids: By balancing

opposing forces of the aether, a wizard can
conjure an orb of pure light and one of
utter darkness.

Summon Bound Geminids has a casting
value of 7. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can
attempt to cast this spell. If successfully cast,

set up both models within 6" of each other and
wholly within 18" of the caster. You must then
nominate one model to be the Shadow Geminid
and the other to be the Light Geminid.

ABILITIES

Unleashed: Upon summonation, the Geminids
are sent spinning towards the foe.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Tendrils of Shadow and Light: Where the

Shadow Geminid leaves behind a noxious
dark mist populated by illusions, the Light
Geminid radiates incinerating light and bestows
mind-destroying truths.

After the Shadow Geminid has moved, each
unit that has any models it passed across suffers
D3 mortal wounds. In addition, until the end

of the battle round, subtract 1 (to a minimum
of 1) from the Attacks characteristic of melee
weapons used by a unit that has any models
it passed across. A unit is not affected by the
Shadow Geminid if it was passed across by the
Light Geminid in the same battle round.

After the Light Geminid has moved, each unit
that has any models it passed across suffers D3
mortal wounds. In addition, until the end of
the battle round, subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks made by a unit that has any models it
passed across. A unit is not affected by the Light
Geminid if it was passed across by the Shadow
Geminid in the same battle round (a unit can
be affected by one or other of the models each
battle round, but not both).

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, GEMINIDS OF UHL-GYSH

Bound Chronomantic Cogs

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND CHRONOMANTIC COGS

Like the procession of the heavens, the rotations of the Chronomantic Cogs control the passage of time, allowing
wizards to speed or slow the events that are unfolding around them.

DESCRIPTION

Bound Chronomantic Cogs is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Chronomantic Cogs: A

wizard can draw on the magic of Azyr to
conjure a manifestation of the very workings of
the realmspheres.

Summon Bound Chronomantic Cogs has a
casting value of 7. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully
cast, set up a Bound Chronomantic Cogs model
wholly within 12" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Mechanisms of Time: The perfect workings of the
Chronomantic Cogs show the passing of seconds
and aeons alike. By manipulating the cogs, a
wizard can speed up time or slow time’s passage.

If the caster is within 9" of this model at the end
of their hero phase, they can manipulate the cogs
to increase or decrease the flow of time. They may
do this in the phase in which this model is set up.
If they do so, choose one of the effects below. The
effect lasts until the caster’s next hero phase.

Speed Up Time: Add 2" to the Move characteristic
of all units on the battlefield. In addition, add 2
to charge rolls for all units on the battlefield.

Slow Down Time: The caster can attempt to cast
1 additional spell. In addition, you can re-roll
failed save rolls for attacks that target the caster.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, CHRONOMANTIC COGS

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
Bound Soulsnare Shackles

102

BOUND SOULSNARE SHACKLES

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

Decrepit chains clatter and rusted manacles grind as the Soulsnare Shackles snap at their prey, seeking to clamp
down on the spirits of their victims so that they can drag them back to the Great Oubliette in Shyish.

DESCRIPTION

Bound Soulsnare Shackles consists of 3 models
(if it is dispelled, remove all 3 models).

MAGIC

Summon Bound Soulsnare Shackles: The

ground splits with a cacophonous rattle, and
manacles shoot forth to grasp at those nearby.

Summon Bound Soulsnare Shackles has a
casting value of 5. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS
can attempt to cast this spell. If successfully
cast, set up a Bound Soulsnare Shackles model
wholly within 12" of the caster, then set up the
second and third models wholly within 6" of
the first.

ABILITIES

Bound for the Great Oubliette: These manacles

latch onto not just the bodies of combatants,
but their very souls, draining them of vigour
and life as they drag their quarry to the cells of
the underworld.

At the start of the movement phase, roll a dice
for each unit within 6" of any of this endless
spell’s models. On a 3+, until the end of that
phase, halve the Move characteristic of that unit.
On a 6, that unit also suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, SOULSNARE SHACKLES

Bound Emerald Lifeswarm

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BOUND EMERALD LIFESWARM

Imbued with the healing powers of Ghyran, an Emerald Lifeswarm buzzes across the battlefield, seeking out the dead
and dying and restoring their lives and vigour.

DESCRIPTION

A Bound Emerald Lifeswarm is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Bound Emerald Lifeswarm is
a predatory endless spell. It can move up to 10"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bound Lifeswarm: By channelling

arcane energy into the most minute sparks of life
found within the death and corruption around
them, a wizard can summon a swarm of verdant
insects amidst the buzzing of thousands of
tiny wings.

Summon Bound Lifeswarm has a casting value
of 6. Only SERAPHON WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up a
Bound Emerald Lifeswarm model wholly within
15" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Bounteous Healing: Squirming into the gaps
between rent flesh and broken bones, the insects
of the Emerald Lifeswarm seal the wounds of the
living and return the dead to the fight through
restorative magics.

After this model is set up or after it has moved,
the player that set it up or moved it can pick
1 unit within 1" of it. They can either heal D3
wounds that have been allocated to that unit
or, if no wounds are currently allocated to the
unit, they can return a number of slain models
to that unit that have a combined Wounds
characteristic equal to or less than the roll of
a D3.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BOUND, EMERALD LIFESWARM

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that
has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Seraphon army. Updated
March 2020; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

103

SERAPHON

WARSCROLL

Engine of the Gods

Saurus Warriors
Bastiladon

Stegadon

Lord Kroak
Ripperdactyl Chief
Saurus Astrolith Bearer
Saurus Eternity Warden
Saurus Oldblood
Saurus Scar-Veteran on Cold One
Saurus Sunblood
Skink Priest
Skink Starpriest
Skink Starseer
Slann Starmaster
Terradon Chief
Saurus Oldblood on Carnosaur
Saurus Scar-Veteran on Carnosaur
Skink Oracle on Troglodon
Stegadon with Skink Chief
Chameleon Sk inks
Kroxigor
Razordon Hunting Pack
Ripperdactyl Riders
Salamander Hunting Pack

Saurus Guard

Saurus Knights

Sk inks

Terradon Riders

Eternal Starhost
Eternal Temple-host

Firelance Starhost

Firelance Temple-host
Shadowstrike Starhost
Shadowstrike Temple-host
Sunclaw Starhost
Sunclaw Temple-host
Thunderquake Starhost

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

1

10
1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
5
3
4
3
4

5

5

10

3

-
-

-

-
-
-
-
-
-

1

40
1

1

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
20
12
12
12
12

20

20

40

12

-
-

-

-
-
-
-
-
-

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline if

THUNDER LIZARD

Unique

Battleline in
Seraphon army
Battleline in
Seraphon army
Battleline in
Seraphon army

260

90/320
220

240

320
80
140
110
110
110
130
70
120
140
260
70
250
210
260
270
90
140
80
80
80

100

100

60

90

200
180

160

160
170
150
160
140
130

Artillery, Leader,
Behemoth
Battleline
Behemoth

Behemoth

Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

Warscroll Battalion

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
104

SERAPHON

WARSCROLL

Thunderquake Temple-host
Bound Aethervoid Pendulum
Bound Balewind Vortex
Bound Burning Head
Bound Chronomantic Cogs
Bound Emerald Lifeswarm
Bound Geminids of Uhl-Gysh
Bound Malevolent Maelstrom
Bound Prismatic Palisade
Bound Purple Sun of Shyish
Bound Quicksilver Swords
Bound Ravenak’s Gnashing Jaws
Bound Soulsnare Shackles
Bound Suffocating Gravetide
Bound Umbral Spellportal
Realmshaper Engine

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

-
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

-
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

150
60
50
40
90
60
70
20
40
60
40
40
50
30
80
0

Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery

FACTION

Seraphon

ALLIES

Stormcast Eternals, Sylvaneth

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

ORDER BATTLETOME:
STORMCAST ETERNALS

By Sigmar’s will they are reforged, heroes locked
in a hellish war without respite.

Each Stormcast Eternal was once a mortal who sought
to defy the dominion of Chaos. Taken to Azyr by
Sigmar and reforged in the fires of the God-King, these
warriors have become living weapons that wield the
power of the storm. Thundering down to the Mortal
Realms in blasts of lightning, the Stormhosts take their
bloody revenge on the hordes of Chaos over and over
again. But of late, there are those brave enough to ask –
at what cost?

WARHAMMER AGE OF
SIGMAR CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath
the iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous
deities once believed their final victory to be
near, yet they have underestimated the forces
of Order that stand against them. Across the
realms, bolts of energy deliver Sigmar’s heroic
Stormcast Eternals into battle as the Pantheon of
Order gathers its strength. With new cities and
fortresses raised in the wake of each conquest,
civilisation takes root once more. Yet from the
shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of
Citadel Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps
of the Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring
your Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on
the tabletop.

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
ORDER BATTLETOME:
IDONETH DEEPKIN

From out of the black depths they come, merciless raiders who
seek their victims’ souls.

The Idoneth Deepkin are a mysterious race of aelves who dwell
in secrecy upon the deepest seabeds of the Mortal Realms. When
they emerge from the seclusion that they strive so keenly to
protect, they bring with them a ghostly manifestation of their
strange aquatic environment, and the ferocious beasts of the
abyss. In their wake they leave ruin, and the unsettlingly serene
forms of sleepers who will never awaken – those whose very
souls have been plundered…

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed
with inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume
explores all kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY TOME OF CHAMPIONS

Death comes in many forms for those who seek glory in the
lands of the Varanspire, whether it be by the blade of a hated
rival, by the talons of the hideous predators that stalk the
wilds, or through being consumed by their own conquering
ambitions. Few achieve the power and renown that they
desire, but there are those warbands who rise above the rest
and conquer many challenges to become true legends of
the battlefield.

This book is an essential companion for anyone who has entered
the perilous world of Warcry. Within, you’ll find a wealth of
content to expand your games, including new faction-specific
campaigns, fated quests and challenge battles that any warband
can undertake; an updated suite of pitched battles for matched
play games; Monstrous Melees that see the mightiest beasts
of the Bloodwind Spoil battling for supremacy; and more
besides. Also included are rules for embarking upon a Trial of
Champions campaign that will truly push your warriors to their
limits. Now is the time to muster your favourite warbands and
fight your way to glory everlasting!

Another Custodes Libris share. Buy the stuff if you like it!


PAGEBREAK
