
PAGEBREAK
In the last days of the world-that-was, a fifth
deity rose to join to dark pantheon of the Chaos
Gods. The Horned Rat was the pestilential
father of the skaven,
that
teeming race of
ratmen that had long gnawed at
the roots of
civilisation. As the world died, so the skaven
feasted upon its corpse in numbers beyond
count, before being annihilated in turn.

This was not the end for the Children of the
Horned Rat. Empowered as never before,
the
skaven deity snatched clawfuls of his screeching
brood and saved them from destruction. Then,
skittering through the shadows of the void with
eyes a-glow, he scattered them into the darkest
corners of the Mortal Realms and bade them
multiply and conquer. Such is the myth that
persists amongst
the skaven to this day, and
such is their singular goal.

Throughout
the Age of My th the skaven
burrowed, built and multiplied. From their
verminous metropolis, Blight City,
they gnawed
tunnels through the void into every realm.
Emboldened by the coming of the Age of Chaos,
skaventides burst
forth in terrifying numbers,
bringing horror and ruin to all
they touched.
They enslaved and murdered, consuming all
before them in their maniacal quest for power
with never a thought
to the price.

Now, with the dawning of the Age of Sigmar
and the onset of the Soul Wars,
the races of the
realms battle like never before. For the skaven
it is a time of plenty as they fall upon the
weakened victorious and the bloodied defeated
alike,
leaving naught but bones and wreckage in
their wake…


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

THE SKAVEN .......................4

THE HORNED RAT ......................8

WAR BETWEEN THE CLANS.....12

GNAWHOLES ..............................16

RISE OF THE
UNDER-EMPIRE ........................18

SKAVEN CLANS .........................22

The Clans Skr yre ...........................24
The Clans Pestilens .......................26
The Clans Verminus .....................27
The Clans Moulder .......................28
The Clans Eshin ............................29
The Masterclan ..............................30
Verminlords ...................................32
Warlock and Weapons
of Skr yre .........................................34
Devotees of Pestilens ....................38
Warriors of Verminus ..................42
Monsters of Moulder ....................44
Agents of Eshin .............................45

COLOURS OF RUIN .........48

THE FELLTALON SWARM ........60

PAINTING YOUR
SKAVEN CLANS .........................62

THE SKAVENTIDE ............66

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES .........66

Battle Traits ....................................67
Command Traits ...........................69
Artefacts of Power ........................72
Spell Lores ......................................78
Gnawholes ......................................80
Battleplan: Skaventide Assault . . . . .82
Battleplan: Through the
Gnawhole ........................................84

PATH TO GLORY ........................86

Skaventide Warband Tables ........88

WARSCROLLS .............................92

Virulent Procession ......................92
Congregation of Filth ...................93
Foulrain Congregation ................93
Plaguesmog Congregation ..........93
Warpcog Convocation .................94
Claw-horde .....................................96
Fleshmeld Menagerie ...................97
Slinktalon .......................................98
Thanquol on Boneripper..............99
Lord Skreech Verminking .........100
Verminlord Deceiver ..................101
Verminlord Corruptor ...............102
Verminlord Warbringer ............103
Verminlord Warpseer ................104
Grey Seer on Screaming Bell. . . . .105
Grey Seer ......................................106
Arch-Warlock ..............................106
Warlock Engineer .......................107
Warlock Bombardier ..................107
Stormfiends ..................................108
Warp Lightning Cannon ...........109

Skr yre Acolytes ...........................109
Doomwheel ..................................110
Warplock Jezzails ........................111
Ratling Gun .................................111
Warpfire Thrower .......................112
Doom-Flayer ................................113
Warp-Grinder .............................113
Plague Priest ................................114
Plagueclaw ....................................114
Plague Priest on
Plague Furnace ............................115
Plague Monks ..............................116
Plague Censer Bearers ................117
Clawlord .......................................117
Skritch Spiteclaw .........................118
Spiteclaw’s Swarm .......................118
Clanrats ........................................119
Stormvermin ................................119
Packmasters .................................120
Master Moulder ...........................120
Hell Pit Abomination .................121
Rat Ogors ......................................122
Rat Swarms ..................................122
Giant Rats .....................................123
Deathmaster ................................123
Gutter Runners ............................124
Night Runners .............................124
Vermintide ...................................125
Warp Lightning Vortex .............125
Bell of Doom ................................126

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES ..................................127

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting ser vices.

Chaos Battletome: Skaven © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Chaos Battletome: Skaven, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l
associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses thereof, are either ® or TM,
and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reser ved.

No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-524-9

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
A Verminlord Warpseer leads an unstoppable skaven swarm as it surges from the blighted depths
to overrun the beleaguered battle lines of Sigmar’s Stormcast Eternals.


PAGEBREAK
THE SKAVEN

THE SKAVEN

The skaven are a race of mutant ratmen. They are true beings of Chaos, their every thought turned towards
selfish advancement and conquest. Their technologies and magics are powered by the foul substance known as
warpstone. Anarchic, prolific and deranged, the skaven are a threat to every living being in the Mortal Realms.

The enemy’s first warning is the
scrabbling of a million claws and
the skin-crawling susurrus of
thousands of furr y bodies squirming
over and around one another. The
sound carries up from the dark and
noisome depths, mingling with a
verminous reek that grows thicker
and more cloying by the moment.

Warriors eye one another nervously,
gritting their teeth and tr ying not
to edge backwards as the distant
rushing grows to a skittering roar.
Squealing war cries and spite-filled
shrieks echo on the air. Countless
red and staring eyes flash in the
gloom, and torchlight glints upon
chisel fangs and rusted blades.
Terrible witch-lights flare to life
as the swarm bears down upon
its terrified foe, dark sorcery and
malign technologies spitting their
fur y in the instant before the tidal
wave of flesh and fur hits home. Then
the skaven crash headlong into their
enemies and sweep them away in a
frenzy of horror and blood.

These humanoid vermin stand
perhaps a little shorter than a grown
man, their build wiry, their limbs
corded with whip-thin muscle and

ending in vicious hand- and foot-
claws. Their jaws are dominated
by wicked incisors, their red eyes
glint with vicious cunning and
their every movement is jerky and
swift, filled with a nervous energy.
Skaven are cowardly and selfish
creatures, as likely to squirt the
musk of fear and flee if faced with a
fair fight. However,
in large numbers
they gain a kind of rabid courage,
and when enough ratmen mass
into an onrushing skaventide they
prove unstoppable.

The skaven are devious and
inventive creatures whose weapons
and wargear,
though unstable, are
nevertheless ruinously powerful.
Even the least of their Clanrat foot
soldiers goes to battle clutching a
notched blade and a battered shield,
and clad in a patchwork of armour
that he has scavenged from his
fallen comrades. The true skaven
shock troops wield all manner of
devastating weaponry,
from heavy
halberds and long-barrelled rifles
to steam-driven rotary cannons,
warpstone-fuelled fire throwers and
weighty glass globes that release
the dreaded poisoned wind when
they shatter amongst the foe. Many

of these devices are as likely to slay
their wielders in spectacular mishaps
as they are to slaughter the foe, but
to the skaven,
life is cheap, and no
matter how many hapless underlings
must die to achieve it, victory is all
that counts.

The skaven do not restrict their
callous ingenuity to iron and brass
alone. Using the power of warpstone,
they twist the flesh of living beings
into grotesque new shapes. The
skaven craft monsters of wet muscle
and jutting fangs that are driven
into battle, there to spend their fur y
and pain upon the enemy before
their distorted bodies collapse
beneath the weight of their own
horrific mutations.

Foul alchemy and all manner of
low cunning and trickery combine
to make the skaven a foe to inspire
fear in the stoutest hearts. Yet
their greatest strength lies in
their sheer,
incalculable numbers.
A lone skaven is dangerous but
ultimately cowardly and self-serving,
unlikely to attack unless its victim
is weak, incapacitated or unaware
of the threat. When they gather
in numbers, however,
the skaven

BLIGHT CITY

Built upon bedrock of pure warpstone, sprawling
in its fractal enormity beyond the bounds of reality,
Blight City is the capital of skavendom. It is the
smog-wreathed heart of the Under-Empire, and
a more nightmarish warren of industry, poverty
and bloodshed is hard to imagine. Blight City is
ever-expanding, ever-changing as new warrens and
burrows are dug out or collapse, new bell towers,
factories, fleshmoulding pits and fortifications rise and
fall. The skyline heaves likes the flank of a dying beast.
The city’s myriad districts rise in layer upon layer of
tangled and mouldering architecture, with the new
built hastily atop the old until at last the weight of the
whole unstable edifice brings entire regions crashing
down. Scavengers beyond number pick through the
ruins. Slaves and labourers toil in their billions for the
glory of their masters. Workshops fizz and spark, vast
bells toll, creaking wheels the size of mountains turn

to generate power for monstrous machines, and always
the clans war from one district to the next, capturing,
conquering, razing and enslaving in their turn.

This is the swift-beating and rot-black heart of the
skaven Under-Empire.
Its trillions-upon-trillions of
verminous denizens are forever in conflict, always
attempting to scrabble to power over one another’s
gnawed corpses. Escaped slaves and wild-eyed
outcasts fight with huge vermin for scraps in the
underwarrens. Lower-ranked clans constantly
skirmish, politic and sabotage to ascend the societal
rungs, while those higher up the pecking order battle
to keep what they have, to undermine their rivals,
or to climb higher still. Meanwhile, one skaven
army after another scurries out into the realms
through pulsating gnawholes, skaventides carr ying
the corruption of Blight City out to poison the
Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
become braver by far. Exhorted
into battle by their leaders – who
position themselves carefully at the
rear of any assault and well out of
harm’s way – the mad-eyed hordes
of the skaven sweep forward in a
chittering mass to tear apart all who
oppose them.

BORN TO RULE

Every single skaven is a compulsive
liar and a megalomaniac, convinced
of his own pre-eminence. From the
lowliest slave to the most powerful
warlord, each one believes that
he – and he alone – is the ultimate
recipient of the Great Horned Rat’s
favour. Every skaven sees himself as
a genius surrounded by expendable
fools, who wi l l eventually rise to
command all he surveys and conquer
the Mortal Realms in the name of
his scabrous deity. It is a trait that
propels the skaven to infeasible
victory as often as it leads them to
catastrophic defeat.

Just as they see themselves as the
inevitable inheritors of the Mortal
Realms, the skaven view all other
sentient beings as degenerate
imbeciles. They refer to the members
of other races as ‘things’ – ‘man-
things’,
‘aelf-things’,
‘green-things’
– and despise them all for their
inability to recognise the skaven as
their rightful rulers. Yet
there is an
inherent contradiction in the skaven,
just as there is in their fractured

deity. Thus, even as they preen,
assured in their superiority, so the
skaven suffer from an embittered
inferiority complex that drives them
to subjugate and torment those they
believe to be looking down upon
them. Many of these mutant ratmen
are paranoid and ever fearful, given
to obsessing over the perceived
sleights, plotting and scorn that they
see in every deed and word of those
around them.

Coupled with their utter disregard
for any save themselves, this volatile
brew of arrogance, conceit and
outright delusion makes the skaven
unpredictable and dangerous. Every
moment of deranged brilliance,
every dark flash of inspiration is
turned towards fashioning both
plans and weapons of conquest.
Every second is spent in the
furtherance of plots intended to
raise the skaven up to glory atop a
gnawed mountain of slain enemies
and rivals.

That so many of these overly
elaborate schemes unravel with
disastrous consequences is of little
concern to the skaven. Failure
can always be blamed upon the
incompetence of underlings or the
efforts of unseen enemies. So long
as one scurries away to fight another
day, there is no debacle that cannot
be turned into an opportunity, given
sufficient deception, manipulation
and murder.

UNDER-EMPIRE

The constant struggle for supremacy
that characterises skaven society is
no chance occurrence. It stems from
the Horned Rat himself, who would
see his multitudinous brood battle
one another until only the swift and
the cunning survive. The constant
goad of ambition and internecine
warfare ensures that the weak and
foolish are quickly weeded out
and eaten,
leaving the deadliest of
the skaven race to rise to the top.
Through this ceaseless infighting,
the Great Horned Rat believes, his
seething children wi l l become ever
stronger until at last they gnaw
away the foundations upon which
the other gods’ power rests. On that
day, when all comes crashing down
to final wrack and ruin, it wi l l be
the Horned Rat and his brood that
emerge to feast upon the corpses
and preen victorious atop the
mounded dead.

To this end the skaven drive ever
outwards. Their capital, Blight City,
is the rotten and swift-beating heart
of an Under-Empire that stretches
across all eight Mortal Realms and
into the Realm of Chaos itself. Every
day the skaven spread further. Every
day they multiply in the dark and
noisome shadows of the realms.
Every day they burrow out new
fortified warrens and invade fresh
enemy territories, seeking always the
ultimate conquest that they see as
their inalienable right.

WARPSTONE

Amongst the most dread substances in all the Mortal Realms
is warpstone. A fierce green corona wreathes this night-black
cr ystal, smouldering with the unbridled power of mutation and
madness. It is the condensed form of magic that has been fully
corrupted by the powers of Chaos, and merely to touch it is to
invite insanity, corruption and death. Warpstone eats the light
around it, so that it is forever wreathed in an unnatural pall.

Warpstone is coveted by the skaven clans, who use it to
fuel their insane inventions and abominable flesh-grafting
mutations. While extremely hazardous to work with and prone
to sudden, violent explosion, warpstone generates vast amounts
of energy if properly tapped. The mightiest of ratman sorcerers
even consume the stuff, either as raw chunks or in the form of
refined powders sniffed up the snout or rubbed into the gums.
This practice imparts bursts of unnatural magical might,
though the risks to body and mind are so severe that none but
the skaven would even contemplate such an insane deed.


PAGEBREAK
It was thanks to the devious Grey Seer Thanquol that a mighty skaventide gathered and invaded Barak-Nar. Pouring
through a gaping gnawhole in the sky-port’s lowest bilges, the skaven wrought bloody havoc and countless acts of
sabotage before their leaders, Thanquol chief amongst them, vanished as suddenly as they had arrived.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE HORNED RAT

THE HORNED RAT

The skaven deity is a fractured and anarchic being, but a terrifyingly ambitious one. The Horned Rat is a grasping,
paranoid abomination who seeks to achieve final primacy amongst the Chaos pantheon through the ruination of
the Mortal Realms and the annihilation of all those who worship – and thus empower – his rivals.

The Great Horned Rat gnaws
endlessly at the roots of reality. He is
a monstrous entity, an ancient god
of scavenging hunger and infinite,
malevolent cunning. He creeps
through the dark spaces behind the
physical plane and stares from the
shadows with glinting eyes. The
whisper of his presence inspires
atavistic horror. The scratch of his
claws and the drag of his worm-like
tail through the void drives seers
mad and sends ripples of nightmares
roiling through mortal minds.

The other gods underestimate the
Great Horned Rat at their peril.
Even as their own worshippers fight
and die in costly wars of conquest,
faith and vengeance, so the Children
of the Horned Rat multiply in the
shadows at a ferocious rate. It is said
that, no matter where one stands
in the Mortal Realms, a skaven is
never more than a spear’s throw
away and in this there is a horrible
kernel of truth. Skaven gnawholes
bore through the bedrock of reality
itself at their deity’s bidding, even
– it is whispered – into heavenly
Azyr. Thus, as the servants of the
deities of Order, Chaos, Destruction
and Death wax and wane in bloody
service to their gods, ever the

Horned Rat’s brood become more
numerous, more powerful and more
of a lurking threat to all other life in
the Mortal Realms. Only when the
time is right wi l l they strike as one,
and on that day the Horned Rat wi l l
feast upon the corpses of his many
vanquished foes.

SPLINTERED ASPECTS

The skaven view their god in many
different ways, with each of the Great
Clans having their own – wildly
varied – depictions of the Horned
Rat. To the Clans Verminus, he is the
Great Conqueror,
the King of Lashes,
a warlike and supremely arrogant
being who exhorts his worshippers
to tear their enemies apart with
fang and claw then feast upon their
carcasses. To the Clans Pestilens he
is the Great Corruptor, a virulent
horror of sloughing flesh and rotted
bone who desires the Thirteen
Great Plagues to be gathered and
unleashed upon the Mortal Realms.

The Clans Skr yre depict their god
as the Dark Innovator, a monster
of infernal machineries in whose
name they wi l l twist and re-purpose
the mechanisms of reality itself,
while the Clans Moulder see their

god as the Writhing Broodsire,
the Fleshgifter, a protean mass of
heaving ratflesh that seeks to see
all the realms buried in endlessly
ravenous vermin. The Clans Eshin,
meanwhile, worship the Horned
Rat in his aspect as the Shadow of
Murder,
the Scuttler-in-the-Walls. In
his name they drive their knives into
kings,
lords and champions, seeking
to bring on anarchy through the
collapse of just rule.

THE COUNCIL
OF THIRTEEN

Ultimate rule of the skaven race
lies with the all-powerful Council
of Thirteen – or so they believe.
Consisting of twelve Lords of Decay
and a thirteenth symbolic place
reserved for the Horned Rat, this
council comprises the rulers of the
mightiest clans. The Great Clans
each maintain at least one seat on
the council, with additional seats
divided between them and the Grey
Seers. Of all the seats, the first and
twelfth are considered pre-eminent,
for they are situated to the right and
left of the Horned Rat’s position.

The council meets in an immense
chamber atop the Tower of Kavzar

D eep in the bowels of Blight City, a fur tive
figure scurried from one patch of shadow to
the next. Ducking beneath a tangle of old
pipework and picking his way between puddles of
glowing green ooze, Skretch dar ted down a narrow
side-tunnel. He emerged into a long-forgotten
chamber. Here he stopped and threw back his hood,
revealing the crest of curling horns that marked him
as a Grey Seer. Skretch surveyed the ritual markings
that he had scribed across the walls, floor and ceiling
of this old burrow. Sweeping curves and jagged lines
intersected madly, all glowing a curdled green. Dark
power hung in the air, awaiting only a catalyst to
surge to malevolent life. Now, Skretch brought that
catalyst from beneath his robes; the still-beating
hear t of his late rival Kw irrik. He lifted the pulsating
morsel of flesh and bit into it, blood drizzling over
his muzzle as he spat the chewed gore into the centre

of the summoning circle. Green light pulsed, warp
lightning flashed, and Skretch felt his glands tighten
as something malevolent pushed its way through the
veil. The Grey Seer fell to his knees as the monstrous
form of a Verminlord unfolded itself to loom over him.
‘You dare-dare to summon me, little seer? ’ asked the
daemon.
‘Why? ’
‘Power,’
replied Skretch, fighting the urge to grovel.
‘A seat on the council, yes-yes. I desire it. I deserve it!’
The Verminlord gave a hissing laugh. For a second
Skretch feared the daemon would devour him.
‘Very well, little seer,’
it said instead,
leering.
speak what you offer in return.’
Grey Seer Skretch felt a surge of elation and
marshalled his thoughts. He had much to offer, he was
sure. This daemon would do his bidding, of course,
for he was the mighty Skretch! And oh, how his rivals
would suffer…

‘Tell-


PAGEBREAK
at the heart of Blight City. Known
as the Masterburrow,
this cavernous
space – large enough to permit
substantial troop movements
should a diplomatic deadlock need
to be settled through the use of
force – incorporates thirteen sub-
towers that line the circular sweep
of the walls at regular intervals
just outside of effective weapons
range – most notably that of the
notorious Warplock Jezzails. Each
tower supports a grand balcony-
dais upon which a Lord of Decay
may sit enthroned and screech at
his rivals through snoutaphones
and amplisqueaker arrays. The
Lords of Decay invest vast resources
in warding their towers against
attempted assassination, be it via
magic, conventional weaponry,
tailored plagues or assassins’
venoms – indeed, they put almost
as much effort into their own
protection as they do into seeking
ways to penetrate the defences of
their fellows.

Looking to impress and intimidate,
the Lords of Decay further enhance
their daises with all manner of
elaborate stage-dressing. Lord
Hakkrit of Verminus Clan Fang,
for example, festoons his dais with
heads on spikes and enough banners
to fill a militar y encampment.
High Arch-Warlock Skrach of
Skr yre Clan Ezzik sits within an
armoured mechanical simulacrum
of himself that stands thirteen feet
tall and shoots fire from its snout,
while Master Threkk of Eshin Clan
Scurrie speaks in eerie whispers
that carr y from behind a shroud of
impenetrable shadow.

Only the ominous Thirteenth Tower
stands empty,
its dais playing host to
an outsized throne fashioned from
pure warpstone. This is the symbolic
seat of the Horned Rat, and behind it
yawns a huge crack in the stonework
of the tower whose depths vanish
into fathomless darkness. An ill
wind gusts from that shadowy void,
bringing with it the stench of rank
fetor and the distant scratch and
scrabble of myriad claws. Those few
arrogant or unfortunate skaven who
have attempted to enter the crack
and explore its depths have never
been seen again.

During particularly turbulent
periods in the history of the skaven,
the terrifying Verminlord known as
Skreech Verminking has squirmed
from the nameless crack to sit upon
the warpstone throne. These are
the only times during which the
Council of Thirteen is ever truly
unified – at least outwardly – for
even a Lord of Decay knows better
than to denounce the word of the
Horned Rat’s avatar. The rat daemon
has ordered gnawholes bored and
invasions unleashed, ended civil
wars through bloody example,
and set in motion schemes to pit
the Lords of Decay against one
another. This would appear to be
as much direct involvement as the
Verminlords have in the rule of the
council. Yet
in truth, even the Lords
of Decay have been deceived.

THE SHADOW COUNCIL

Beyond the warpstone throne, far
down the gullet of the yawning
crack – that is, in truth, a gnawhole
riddled with warding curses no
mortal creature could endure – lies
a horrifying sub-realm. It is a space
of indeterminate size and constantly
shifting shadows. Its boundaries are
indistinct, resembling one moment
a mountain range of stitched and
quivering flesh, the next a scrabbling
sea of claws and fangs, the next a
soaring wall of poisonous fog or an
all-consuming expanse of shadow
in which glint blood-red eyes. An
omnipresent scraping and scritching
fills the air, and a sense of watchful
menace and suspicion suffuses
all. The light shifts from spills of
venomous green to stirring masses
of grey-black shadow,
lit by sudden
arcs of lightning. A cold wind blows,
moaning low as though it spills
through endless mountains of fang-
gnawed bones, and a mighty bell
tolls far off and ominous.

In this awful place, known to its
denizens as the Deepengnaw,
the
Shadow Council meet to determine
the course of skavendom. Thirteen
Verminlords make up the Shadow
Council, perched upon ruinous
daises twisted from living flesh,
churning gears and boiling
darkness around a vast sigil of the
Horned Rat wrought of warpstone

and brass. Twelve of the Shadow
Council’s places are ever in flux,
repeatedly seized and lost based
upon the rat daemons’ metaphysical
machinations. The mixture of
Verminlord Deceivers, Warbringers,
Corruptors, Warpseers and others
changes by the day – sometimes by
the hour – and each brings their
own agendas and desires to the
endless debate. The only constant
is the thirteenth of their number,
Skreech Verminking. Even the other
Verminlords – immortal daemonic
monstrosities that they are – fear
this eldritch creature,
for if the
Horned Rat himself were to have a
strong left claw then Verminking
would be it. His words split the air as
though the Horned One himself had
uttered them, and if his fellows seek
to work against him, they do so only
behind the greatest veils of secrecy.
Even then, such efforts are rarely
successful, nearly always ending in
ghastly tragedy for all concerned.

Though the Shadow Council
interpret the Horned Rat’s will,
they rarely pass their direction
on to the mortal skaven directly.
Such candour is not in their
nature. Instead they influence and
manipulate from behind the scenes.
Some Verminlords whisper into
Grey Seers’ minds, filling them
with ambitions and schemes that
they cannot differentiate from their
own. Others appoint themselves
as patrons to particular skaven
leaders, be they existing Lords of
Decay or those who would take their
places. Still others – especially the
Verminlord Warpseers – act through
entire networks of ratspaws, or – in
the case of many Warbringers and
Deceivers – manifest in the Mortal
Realms to take direct action.

Thus, even as the Council of Thirteen
tr y to advance their own clans and
ambitions, so the Shadow Council
work at their own multifarious
plots, and the whole vast engine
of agendas, cruelty, paranoia and
nepotism grinds countless skaven
lives in its gears. Such is the essential
nature of this eternally fractured
race and – so long as his children
continue to multiply and to conquer
– the Horned Rat is content to watch
it all play out.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Twisted and splintered are the many aspects of the Horned Rat, each godhead a baleful reflection
of this dark and verminous deity’s monstrous whole.


PAGEBREAK
WAR BETWEEN THE
CLANS

WAR BETWEEN THE CLANS

Skaven society is made up of clans, each of which derives from one of the five Great Clans. Named Verminus,
Skr yre, Pestilens, Eshin and Moulder, each of these Great Clans has its own distinct areas of expertise and ways of
making war, and each is wholly convinced that they – and they alone – should rule skavendom.

So swiftly do the skaven multiply,
and so widespread are they
throughout the Mortal Realms
that it is impossible to gauge their
true strength. Were the Lords of
Decay to be asked how many skaven
they ruled, their most seemingly
hyperbolic boast would likely fall
short of the truth. Even the Horned
Rat himself struggles to keep track of
all his swarming brood, but suffice it
to say that there are probably more
skaven in the Mortal Realms than
there are grains of sand in all the
dismal deserts of Shyish.

It is unsurprising, therefore, that
there are billions of skaven clans.
Some, the especially far flung or
nascent, may number only a few
dozen ratmen led by a particularly
scurrilous and ambitious claw-
leader. By comparison, the largest
clans comprise teeming millions of
skaven, their tunnels and burrows
honeycombing entire regions of the
realms. Yet no matter how large
or small a clan is, no matter how
individually powerful its rulers,

they all owe fealty to one of the
Great Clans.

Throughout skaven history,
the
Great Clans have vied constantly for
pre-eminence, their efforts helped
or hampered by the ever-meddling
Order of Grey Seers, also known as
the Masterclan. When a Great Clan
is in the ascendant,
its clans are
commensurately more influential,
feared and resented, and its methods
for advancing skavendom come to
the fore.

When the Clans Verminus rule the
Council of Thirteen, for example,
skaven armies typically rely upon
sheer weight of numbers to secure
victory and become more warlike
and expansionist, often boasting
huge spearheads of Stormvermin.
Should Eshin come to the fore,
the skaven swarms become more
reliant upon secrecy, cunning and
assassination. Scars have been left
upon the collective skaven psyche by
those horrific periods during which
the deranged fleshcrafters of the

Clans Moulder ruled the council.
Few – barring Moulder themselves
of course – are keen to see their
return. Since the dawn of the Age
of Sigmar,
it has been the Clans
Pestilens and Skr yre who have vied
for a commanding share of seats on
the Council of Thirteen.

IRON AND FILTH

The Clans Skr yre employ equal
parts dark science, unholy alchemy
and magic in the creation of their
machines. They are prolific – if
anarchic – innovators and engineers.
The Horned Rat blessed them with
the relentless drive to invent and
experiment, and through costly
trial and error their warlocks have
developed countless machineries
upon which skavendom now
greatly depends.

Temperamental
farsqueaker
machines that allow skaven to
communicate over impossible
distances, gyre engines that provide
power – albeit sporadically –

T he sounds of v iolence echoed up the rocky
walls of the ravine. Warlock Engineer Reeknik
of Clan Ekkit stood atop the cliff edge – not
too close, lest an ambitious underling give him an
accidental shove – and looked down upon the carnage
below. The ravine was packed from its eastern end
by a savage mass of Bonesplitter orruks, drums
thundering and voices raised in savage chants.
Pouring in from the opposite end and meeting the
greenskins in bloody battle were the Plague Monks of
Clan Sputix. Ragged skaven surged in their hundreds
against the orruk battle line, shrieking and squealing
as they stabbed with poisoned blades. Bells and gongs
raised a discordant clangour, and poisonous fumes
from dozens of plague censers wreathed the battle.
Through his warp-optics, Reeknik could see his
temporary ally, the Plague Priest Skrokk,
leading the
fight from atop his Plague Furnace. Alone, neither
clan had been a match for the greenskins infesting
this region, but together they had the streng th and
cunning to prevail. Thus, after much posturing and
numerous threats, the skaven leaders had managed
to agree a plan. The Plague Monks would lure the

Bonesplitterz into the ravine, before the war eng ines of
Clan Ekkit fired from on high to break their streng th.
Reeknik surveyed his Warp Lightning Cannons,
lined
up along the lip of the ravine. It was almost too easy,
he thought, then puffed up his chest and screeched
his orders.
‘Fire! Shoot-shoot! Kill-slay the green things and the
Clan Sputix both!’
Chittering with w icked laughter, his crews
pulled firing levers to unleash a rain of death upon
the combatants below. Most were still leering in
amusement when the plague-bombs – wired into the
Skryre firing mechanisms by Gutter Runner saboteurs
in the pay of Plague Priest Skrokk – detonated. The
Ekkit batteries vanished in a roiling cloud of corrosive
smog that rusted brass and iron in seconds, and
reduced Reeknik and his underlings to bubbling slicks
of rotting flesh before they could even scream.
In the ravine below, Plague Priest Skrokk glanced up
with an ev il grin as he saw the lethal cloud erupt along
the Skryre firing line. He didn’t need those cog-snouts,
he thought madly as skaven and orruks fought and
died all around him. The Clan Sputix was invincible!


PAGEBREAK
throughout Blight City,
iconic war
engines such as the Warp Lightning
Cannon or the Doomwheel; from
mountain-sized machineries to
minute gadgets no larger than
a claw or fang, the Clans Skr yre
build them all and sell them on to
whichever clans can afford their
exorbitant prices.

Skr yre armies are packed with
lethal machines of destruction and
Acolytes manning unpredictable
but terrifying ly potent wonder-
weapons. Often less numerous
than the swarms of the other Great
Clans, Skr yre forces nonetheless
can spew out more than enough
arcane firepower to slaughter enemy
armies many times their number,
and are forever pushing out through
the Mortal Realms on acquisitive
missions to secure knowledge
and materials for their cruel and
arrogant masters.

Where Skr yre rely on iron and cogs,
the Clans Pestilens pursue a more
biological approach to warfare. They
are purveyors of plague and distillers

of disease. Their Congregations of
Filth flow across the realms wreathed
in virulent miasmas, and they do
ever ything in their power to spread
the effects of their many poxes far
and wide. To the Clans Pestilens the
Horned Rat is the Great Corruptor,
and in his name they seek to gather
the metaphysical
ingredients for
the Thirteen Great Plagues. By
unleashing these cataclysmic
diseases, they believe that they wi l l
bring ever ything to final ruination,
over which their scavenger deity wi l l
reign supreme.

PATHS TO POWER

The balance of power between
the Great Clans shifts constantly.
From politicking to assassination,
bare-faced lying to open armed
conflict, the Lords of Decay baulk
at nothing so long as it wi l l advance
their personal agendas. It is the rare
gift of such truly great skaven to be
able to see further than the next few
hours or days, and to lay accordingly
ambitious and convoluted plans.
One thing increases the strength and

influence of a Great Clan more than
anything else, however : successful
conquests in the Mortal Realms and
– through them – the acquisition
of territory and resources in the
Horned Rat’s name. In this, both the
Clans Pestilens and the Clans Skr yre
have been especially successful in
recent years.

When the Age of Chaos began,
Nurgle – the Chaos God of plagues
– invaded Ghyran. His Maggotkin
legions marched upon the holdings
of Alarielle the Everqueen and
hundreds of the Clans Pestilens
scurried alongside them. The Clans
Pestilens and the followers of
Nurgle make natural allies, for both
use disease as a weapon and both
factions are – more or less – immune
to the horrifying sicknesses and
chaotic taint of the other. Thousands
upon thousands of Congregations
of Filth flowed into battle alongside
daemonic Tallybands and
Rotbringer Cysts, and wherever
they struck they brought about the
withering of all that their Sylvaneth
foes held dear.


PAGEBREAK
For all their similarities, however,
Nurgle and the Great Corruptor
are very different deities with very
different goals. Where Nurgle
delights in the cycle of disease, decay
and burgeoning – if revolting – new
life, the Horned Rat wants only
ruin. The worshippers of Nurgle
saw the Clans Pestilens as short-
sighted, self-aggrandising little
monsters good only for shock troops
and cannon fodder. The Plague
Monks, meanwhile, sneered down
their snouts at Nurgle’s
servants,
viewing them as slow,
lumpen oafs
whose efforts at ruination were
constantly undone by their own
excessive sentimentality.

Despite their differences, the chaotic
forces knew victory after victory
in the War of Life. Yet with the
coming of the Age of Sigmar, and the
rebirth of the Everqueen Alarielle
in her war aspect, conquest turned
to catastrophe.

Typically for skaven, the Clans
Pestilens took their allies’ defeats
and turned them to their own

advantage. They surged into
abandoned Dreadholds and
claimed them in the name of the
Great Corruptor. They pinned
failures upon the ineptitude of their
erstwhile Maggotkin allies. They
fell upon Sylvaneth and Rotbringers
alike where they were exhausted
from battling one another, and
even burrowed hidden lairs beneath
newly founded citadels of Order,
there to lurk and fester until the
time was right to strike again. So did
the Clans Pestilens rapidly increase
their standing within the Council
of Thirteen.

By comparison, the Clans Skr yre
have advanced themselves through
technological innovation and
vast wealth. Some believe that the
Clans Skr yre had heard whispers
of Sigmar’s armies gathering in the
Heavens, that perhaps the Arch-
Warlocks had agents or devices
that gave them eyes inside Azyr
itself. Whatever the truth, when the
Stormhosts descended and the Age
of Sigmar began the Clans Skr yre
were ready. They revealed an array

of wonder-weapons and perfected
machineries of death that could
be employed to turn back even a
Stormcast assault – for the right
price in warptokens, of course.
Yet as their power built, the Clans
Skr yre also employed their weapons
in new wars of conquest of their
own. They sought a very specific
prize: realmstone.

The Mortal Realms are replete
with natural magics. Where these
energies gather in especially high
concentrations they coalesce into
realmstone. From the gossamer
tangles of lies given form that
are Ulguan realmstone, to the
macabre grave-sand of Shyish or the
burning primordial coal of Aqshyan
emberstone, each Mortal Realm
has its own very different form of
realmstone. Yet
in all cases they are
sources of such phenomenal power
that – if tapped by the unwary – they
can bring horror and catastrophe on
all around them.

Until recent years, there had been
little call for the skaven to employ


PAGEBREAK
realmstone, as Blight City sat upon
vast reserves of warpstone. Rumour
had it that the Clans Eshin made
limited use of the realmstone of
Ulgu in some of their most potent
charms and weapons, but other than
that the Children of the Horned Rat
disdained it as inferior to warpstone.

Then came Arch-Warlock Skrach of
Clan Ezzik. Young, aggressive and
possessed of a breadth of vision rare
among his species, Skrach – then
but an Acolyte with ideas above
his station – succeeded in refining
a minute quantity of Chamonite
transmutational gold and using it
to supercharge a Warp Lightning
Cannon. When that cannon was
subsequently employed to annihilate
Retch-Chanter Bubolskrit and
his entire coven of Plague Priests,
Acolyte Skrach ascended to the
rank of Warlock Engineer. He began
gathering resources to seek out and
capture more realmstone. It was his
vision that the Clans Skr yre would
harness magical energies that no
other Great Clan understood, and
through them would ascend to

absolute power over skavendom.
Secretly, Skrach harboured
dreams of overthrowing Archaon
the Everchosen, and becoming
the new favoured champion of
Chaos with the Horned Rat as his
almighty patron.

Megalomaniac though he was,
Skrach was no fool. Within a decade
he had clambered up a mountain
of slain test-victims, rivals and
erstwhile allies to seize one of the
most powerful seats on the Council
of Thirteen. Now, more than ever,
High Arch-Warlock Skrach seeks
out deposits of realmstone. He looks
to fathom ways that their power
can be harnessed and blended with
warpstone to create even more
powerful energy sources. Should he
succeed on the scale he envisions, all
the Mortal Realms wi l l tremble at
the might of the Clans Skr yre.

A PRECARIOUS BALANCE

At the end of the Realmgate Wars
it was arguable that the Clans
Skr yre and the Clans Pestilens were
both poised to seize dominance
of skavendom. In terms of martial
might it was the Clans Pestilens
that posed the greater threat.
However, much of that strength
was still committed to the war
in Ghyran. By comparison, the
Clans Skr yre had consolidated
their power base in Blight City
itself, even daring to raise ratling
cannon towers and warp-rocket
batteries within striking distance
of the Tower of Kavzar itself. The
implicit threat was obvious to all, its
arrogance astounding.

Then came the Shyish necroquake.
This catastrophic event was
the culmination of the Great
Necromancer Nagash’s plan to
exterminate all living beings in
the Mortal Realms and raise them
as his undying servitors. Instead,
thanks to the meddling of the Clans
Eshin, Nagash’s great endeavour
raged out of control and sent
untrammelled magics pulsing across
the Mortal Realms. The dead rose
in their billions, untamed spells
prowled the lands like predatory
beasts. Catastrophic destruction
was unleashed.

Located as it is beyond the bounds of
reality, Blight City was shielded from
the worst effects of the necroquake.
Still, massive shock waves rolled
through the endless sprawl and sent
entire warren-districts crashing
down in ruin. Terror spread as
invasions of screaming ghasts
burst into the city through open
gnawholes, and war lit the tangled
streets aflame as the skaven fought
back the invaders.

Every opportunist in Blight City
sought to take advantage of the
mayhem to advance their own
cause, with the Lords of Decay chief
amongst them. Even before the dust
had settled it became clear that no
fewer than four Lords of Decay had
been slain or had vanished,
leading
to rapid appointments of successors
and swift, violent manoeuvrings
for power. For a matter of days, the
Clans Pestilens held a commanding
three seats on the council, but the
alarmed backlash of assassinations
this triggered soon saw the council’s
fifth seat left empty and hotly
contested. At the same time the
Clans Skr yre were prevented from
‘securing’
the council chambers
only through a mixture of vicious
politicking and overt militar y
intervention by the Masterclan and
several Clans Verminus.

The Council of Thirteen find
themselves in as precarious a
position as they have seen for
centuries. Both Skr yre and Pestilens
agitate for all-out civil war, their
posturing and aggression becoming
more pronounced by the day.
Verminus and Moulder throw their
weight behind first one faction
then another, scrabbling for short-
term advancement wherever the
opportunity presents itself, and the
Masterclan frantically manipulate
in the hopes of unifying the council
again – under their rule, of course.
Only Eshin remain aloof, though
of course, behind a veil of shadows,
they are just as viciously active as
their rival Great Clans. The matter
must be decided soon, for war rages
across the realms as never before and
presents countless opportunities for
skaven conquest. Yet day by day the
unrest triggered by the Clans Skr yre
and Pestilens worsens.


PAGEBREAK
GNAWHOLES

GNAWHOLES

Bypassing the need for Realmgates, the noxious tunnels known as gnawholes are bored through the void itself by
means of dark prayers, infernal machines, unholy spellcraft, warpmawed beasts and bizarre metaphysical plagues.
Unstable and unpredictable, they are nonetheless one of the greatest strategic advantages the skaven possess.

Since they first slunk from the shadows, the skaven have possessed the secret
of creating gnawholes. No other race has mastered this insane craft, and
indeed few would be fool enough to even try, for gnawholes are unnatural
tunnels bored through the very stuff of the void. They are inimical to the
natural magics of the Mortal Realms, and lethal for any but the skaven to
traverse. Yet
for the Children of the Horned Rat, these arcane bore-holes
are an incredible strategic boon, for they allow them to strike wherever they
please, bypassing their enemies’ every defence and doing away almost entirely
with the need to control the Realmgates that other races covet.

Each Great Clan has its own methods for fashioning gnawholes. The Clans
Skr yre, for example, employ reality-piercing drills driven by warpstone
generators and monstrous gyre engines. The Clans Moulder utilise enormous
burrowing rat-beasts, blind and hairless abominations that burrow tirelessly
through the void. Whether it be the corrosive gnaw-plagues of Pestilens,
though, or the thousands-strong slave packs of Verminus, however these
tunnels are formed, they are equal parts boon and curse. Gnawholes have
allowed the skaven to assail Kharadron sky-ports and Idoneth enclaves, and
even – rumour has it – to slink into the Realm of Heavens itself. Yet
for every
surprise attack and tactical master-stroke, another gnawhole has opened into
an ocean or volcano, or simply collapsed upon the skaven swarms attempting
to use it. The Lords of Decay care little, of course, and more gnawholes criss-
cross the void with every passing day.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
RISE OF THE UNDER-
EMPIRE

RISE OF THE UNDER-EMPIRE

The history of the skaven is an anarchic tangle of lies, half-truths and exaggerations in which every ratman
believes himself the hero and all others fools. From epic events to distorted fiction, all skaven seek to claim
responsibility for their race’s victories.

AGE OF MYTH

THE FIRST CLANS

At the dawning of the Age of Myth,
the Great Horned Rat slinks from
the shadows of the void. In his jaws
he holds the first skaven, and these
he scatters throughout the darkest
corners of the Mortal Realms. These
are the first Great Clans, and it is
claimed that as many as thirteen
were released into the realms, along
with the Grey Seers who would guide
them. The Great Horned Rat charges
his myriad children to multiply,
to
consume and to ruin, and so they do
with frenzied vigour.

BLIGHT CITY FOUNDED

Even while Sigmar is still forming
his pantheon, the skaven establish
Blight City in a twisted sub-realm
lodged like a splinter in the void.
Legends differ as to how this occurs.
Some say that it is the ruin of a
former mighty skaven metropolis,
its carcass fetched up upon a vast
deposit of warpstone like a wrecked
ship impaled upon rocks. Others
claim that it begins as a proud city of
men and duardin known as Kavzar,
that falls prey to the Horned Rat’s
terrible curse. Every Great Clan
proclaims that they, and they alone,
founded Blight City,
though of
course the truth of such assertions
wi l l never be known.

GNAWING DOOM

By the teachings of the Verminlords,
the skaven gain the ability to create
gnawholes. Each Great Clan is quick
to take these incantations and arcane
secrets and twist them in their own
fashion, eagerly ‘improving’ upon
what they have been taught as is the
skaven way. From this day onwards,
reality wi l l become ever more
honeycombed with the winding
tunnels of the skaven.

TICHRITT’S DEMISE

The Clans Tichritt, one of the
twelve Great Clans that exist at this
time, gather their entire strength

and launch a vast invasion of
Thandria. So confident are they in
their superiority of numbers and
the power of their chronomantic
weapons that they openly defy
Sigmar and all his allies. Though
more than half of the so-called
Endless Kingdom is annihilated
by the efforts of the Clans Tichritt,
the God-King and his allies crush
the skaven and purge them from
existence. The eleven Great Clans
that remain learn a seminal lesson
of caution from the demise of their
arrogant cousins.

AGE OF CHAOS

RATS IN THE WALLS

During the early invasions of the
Age of Chaos, several Slinktalons
from Eshin Clan Nichtus aid in the
attack upon the immense fortress
of Obstryx. Creeping through the
fortress’ defences while the legions of
Slaanesh batter away from outside,
the Eshin operatives slay sentries,
evade patrols and lace a mile-long
section of the walls with gnawbombs.
The resultant implosive blast gouges
a mighty breach through which the
howling Slaaneshi hosts pour to
victory. It is a triumph their leader,

Prince Sylacitous, never gets to see.
He falls to the strike of a Verminlord
Deceiver in the last moments before
the Eshin operatives vanish without
trace, their sudden breaking of faith
remaining inexplicable to their
former allies.

PARADISE ROTS

As the Age of Chaos begins,
Verminlord Corruptor Vermalanx
leads a coven of thirteen ancient
Plague Priests in a hideous ritual
within the Vitreous Vale. Reality
itself rots away before their
foul magics, spilling raw Chaos
into that ancient and beautiful
Sylvaneth greenhold.

THE GREAT CIVIL WAR

The bastions of Order fall on every
front. As the hordes of Chaos wreak
havoc and ruin across the Mortal
Realms, the Under-Empire grows fat
upon the spoils. Two Great Clans,
warlike Verminus and savage Ikk,
make the greatest gains during this
period, at one point holding an
unimaginable four seats each upon
the Council of Thirteen. Civil war
is inevitable as the two Great Clans
vie to seize absolute power, and the
remaining seven Great Clans hasten
to ally themselves with one side or
the other while – in truth – plotting
to bring down both. For twenty-six
years the war rages, leaving swathes
of Blight City ablaze and costing the
skaven terribly in lives and territory.

At last, the Clans Verminus enlist
the aid of the Clans Pestilens to
spread the frothjaw plague through
the Clans Ikk, turning their
animal ferocity into something
uncontrollable and, ultimately,
lethal. Over the next two years,
the devolving abominations that
were once the Clans Ikk run amok
through skavendom, but eventually
they are annihilated. Their demise
leaves a power vacuum and, though
the Clans Verminus ostensibly
emerge from the civil war as victors,
still the conflict rages on.


PAGEBREAK
WAR OF LIFE

While much of skavendom fritter
away more than two decades locked
in a war of mutual annihilation,
many of the Clans Pestilens instead
turn their attentions to Ghyran and
the War of Life. Virulent Processions
pour across the Jade Kingdoms,
billions of Plague Monks lending
their frenzied fur y to Nurgle’s
onslaught against Alarielle and
her Sylvaneth. The Clans Feesik,
Morbidus and Septik all gain great
power from this ongoing conflict,
their sub-sects and thrall clans
multiplying again and again to infest
ever more of the Realm of Life.

PARASITE ENGINES

A Verminlord Warbringer known
as Gnawsoul triggers the invasion
of the Scabrous Sprawl in Ghyran.
Arch-Warlock Warpskreech leads the
attack, unleashing city-sized walking
fortresses known as parasite engines
that leech the vitality of the lands.
This entire invasion, which causes
untold devastation and comes with
a monstrous cost in lives, is in fact a
bid by the Clans Skryre to undermine
Pestilens’ monopoly in Ghyran
while accruing more might for their
own ongoing efforts in the Great
Civil War.

VERMINKING’S DECREE

Skreech Verminking comes forth
to find the Masterburrow itself
shuddering in the grip of civil war.
Unleashing a horrific curse that
blasts the warring clawpacks to ash,
he settles himself upon the warpstone
throne and glowers at the terrified
Lords of Decay. The Great Horned
Rat has been amused by his children’s
squabbles, says Verminking, but
now the Great Civil War must end.
The other Chaos Gods have waxed
in power during the Age of Chaos
but the skaven deity has lagged
behind as his servants have fought
amongst themselves.

Skreech demands that the six
surviving Great Clans follow the
guidance of the Masterclan from
this day forth, and strike not at one
another but at the remaining bastions
of Order and the servants of the
other Dark Gods alike. To ensure
obedience, he reduces Arch-Warlock
Snitterkrit, Great Plague-speaker

Ebolox, Grand Clawlord Thrakk,
Things-twister Rukhtik, Lieweaver
Yrkrit and Shadowmaster Pheng
to sloughing rot and bubbling
slime with a twitch of his tail.
The surviving Lords of Decay,
and those who seize the thrones
of the slain, scurry to obey Lord
Verminking’s decree.

INTO THE BEYOND

As though at some silent call, the
Clans Shrykt gather in Aqshy,
in the
howling caverns. There they dig an
almighty gnawhole. They vanish into
its depths clan by clan until at last it
collapses behind them. No further
sign of the Clans Shrykt has been
seen since this day, and no skaven has
ever determined where they went,
nor why.

WATCHING EYES

Barricaded within the Realm
of Heavens, hidden behind the
most powerful occluding magics
ever conjured, Sigmar gathers his
Stormcast Eternals. He prepares to
unleash a war of reconquest that will
drive back the forces of Chaos and
shake the Mortal Realms to their
cores. Even mighty Tzeentch,
the
Chaos God of Fate, does not suspect
the nature nor the scale of Sigmar’s
plans. Yet, eyes glinting in the
deepest shadows of the God-King’s
throne room, Eshin operatives watch
the final preparations. Quietly they
slip away, bearing their priceless
knowledge through a well-hidden
gnawhole to warn their mysterious
masters. The tide is about to turn. The
forces of Chaos are about to suffer the
greatest blow they have known in a
thousand years. The skaven, surely,
can capitalise upon this…

AGE OF SIGMAR

SPLITFANG’S END

Clawlord Splitfang finally conquers
a ruined duardin karak that he has
long contested with Eshin Clan
Str yk. Attributing the assassins’
sudden retreat to them finally having
recognised his absolute supremacy,
Splitfang and his Clan Skrabb sweep
through the fortress and make it
theirs. Just days later,
the sealed
Realmgate atop the karak mountain
blasts open and a force of Astral

Templars storm forth. Clawlord
Splitfang is slain by Lord-Celestant
Proudhelm, Clan Skrabb are
overwhelmed by this terrifying new
foe and their ragged survivors are
rounded up and dragged away into
slavery by Clan Stryk’s operatives.

WAR IN THE REALMS

All across the Mortal Realms, skaven
clans have their schemes soured
and their strongholds smashed
by the onslaught of the Stormcast
Eternals. In the Scabrous Sprawl,
Arch-Warlock Warpskreech finds
his parasite engines besieged by
the Knights Excelsior,
the conflict
becoming bloodier by the day. In
Ghyran, Plague Priest Kratsik of the
Red Boil and his Virulent Procession
are overrun by a combined force of
Sylvaneth and Hallowed Knights
before they can unleash their
rotsmog upon the Jade Kingdoms.
The ‘lightning-things’ are soon
hated and feared in equal measure
by many in skavendom. Yet
there are
those clans who receive forewarning,
thanks in large part to favourable
connections with one or other of
the Clans Eshin, and who are able
to melt away before the Stormcasts
attack, or launch ambushes of
their own.

THE GREAT SCRYING

A message filters through the
strata of skavendom, spreading
from one Grey Seer to the next via
farsqueakers, couriers, scuttleclaw
envoys and other, weirder vectors.
Travelling alone and in secret,
or else at the head of duped or
manipulated swarms, the whole
order of Grey Seers gathers in Hysh.
Their gnawholes bring them to
the echoing Chasm of Shattered
Questions, where they abandon their
bodyguards and sur viving protectors
and scurr y on into the depths. As
they do so, Verminlords unfold
themselves from the shadows and
follow them down, the threat of these
fearsome rat daemons more than
enough to ward away even the most
suicidally curious underling. For
thirteen nights and thirteen days,
the chasm glows with unholy green
witchlights as the Masterclan meets
in its entirety. When the Grey Seers
emerge again they do so with fresh
purpose burning in their eyes.


PAGEBREAK
THE BEASTS OF UHLMARSH

Master Moulder Skabgut unleashes
his Fleshmeld Menagerie upon the
defenders of Uhlmarsh. Wave upon
wave of giant rats and rampaging
Rat Ogors are driven back from
the stockades by brave Freeguild
soldiery. Then the ground within
the fortress buckles, bulging
upwards then collapsing into a slimy
pit. Amidst the rising fumes and
billowing smoke, a trio of ghastly
Hell Pit Abominations surges up
into the stronghold. The massacre
that follows is horrific, and leaves
Uhlmarsh nothing more than a
gore-splattered shell.

THE BUBOE WARS

What begins as a rabid quarrel
between two Plague Priests rapidly
escalates into a full-blown civil war.
Soon the Clans Septik, Virulox and
their many sub-clans are tearing one
another to pieces all through the
fire-lit labyrinth of Pyropia. Virulox
develop bizarre new plague engines
with the aid of Skr yre Clan Phrikk,
while Septik seal clawpacts with the
Clans Moulder. The war escalates
by the day, spilling over into nearby
Moonclan lurklairs as it does so.

THE MUCH-GREAT SKY-KILL
AIR ARMADA

Inspired by captured Kharadron
technologies, Arch-Warlock
Steelklaw begins a truly ambitious
project. For almost two years, the
laboratory burrows of Skr yre Clan
Shyvik glow with strange lights and
swarm with furious industry. At
last, the newly self-titled Warlock-
Admiral Steelklaw launches his fleet
of Skr yre airships. Built around
cannibalised Kharadron craft and
the fevered designs that have poured
from Steelklaw’s mind, dozens of
armoured dirigibles,
lightning-ships,
warpfire barges and klawbombers
take to the skies. Over the months
that follow,
the skaven sky-pirates
of Steelklaw’s Much-great Sky-kill
Air Armada raid Barak-Z ilfin and
Barak-Mhornar, annihilate Waaagh!
Gutcrusha with bombing from on
high, and bring their upstart rivals of
Skr yre Clan Z iknak to their knees.
It is not long before Steelklaw’s plans
are stolen, copied and spread far and
wide, and further skaven armadas
begin to menace the skies.

A FITTING END

When wasting pox spreads through
their war packs, Moulder Clan
Ghrubbitus suffer a severe defeat
in their underground war with the
Fyreslayers of the Kharzmid lodge.
Apoplectic, Master Moulder Skhorj
employs torture,
intimidation and
parasitic spy-beasts to discover
that the pox was introduced into
his breeding stock by his hated
rival, Pontifex-Pestilent Rhaspfang
of Pestilens Clan Vomix. Shortly
afterwards, Rhaspfang disappears
amidst mysterious circumstances.
He is never seen again, but when the
swarms of Clan Ghrubbitus renew
their assault on the Kharzmid’s
magmahold it is with an especially
disease-bloated and horribly
disfigured war beast thrashing
and screaming at the forefront of
their attack.

ANVILHEIM DEVOURED

The Anvils of the Heldenhammer
lead a war of reconquest that purges
the Slaves to Darkness from the
kingdom of Ulhor. Little do they
know that, though the taint of Chaos
may be gone from the surface, the
skaven war burrow of Lurkspine
Deeps remains below the surface.
The ratmen bide their time, watching
with avaricious eyes as the forces of
Order raise a rich city – Anvilheim –
above their tunnels.

Thirteen years to the day after the
first foundations of Anvilheim are
laid, the skaventide pours up from
below. Verminus Claw-hordes storm
up through culverts and sewers to
spill through the streets. Plague
smog billows, gas-masked Skr yre
Acolytes dashing through it to hurl
their poisonous bombs at the city’s
reeling defenders. The Anvils of
the Heldenhammer,
the Freeguilds
and Ironweld, even the Order of
Azyr all make spirited attempts
to drive the skaven back, but they
are surrounded, outnumbered and
caught completely by surprise. When
a coven of Grey Seers summons
Skreech Verminking himself to lead
the final assault, the defenders of
Anvilheim are doomed.

DEATH OF A HERO

After eighteen years of courageous
crusading, the aelven drakelord

Sethril Brightblade returns to
Azyrheim in triumph. He is
feted through the streets for his
generalship and personal heroism
in the war to rid the jungles of
Shasmodach of skaven. Brightblade
has seen many horrors, endured
much personal loss and agony, yet
his is a tale of triumph and courage
that is trumpeted to the skies by the
Grand Assembly of Azyrheim. He is
a poster-child for the war to reclaim
the realms, and much beloved by
all. The shock and horror is so much
the greater,
then, when Sethril
Brightblade is found the morning
after his victory parade slumped
dead in a chair in his locked quarters
atop the high and well-guarded
Tower of Triumphs. Brightblade is
eyeless, his veins clotted black with
poison, the rune of the Clans Eshin
carved into his chest and a look of
abject horror twisting his features.

STORMTHIEVES

Grey Seer Kritch enlists the aid of
Skr yre Clan Shokryk for a secretive
project. Utilising rumbling,
tracked voltovore engines, the
skaven attempt to snatch departing
Stormcast souls from the air during
battle and trap them in Kritch’s
so-
called ‘storm-thing snatchers’.
Initial
experiments prove disastrous when
the Celestial Vindicators of Lord-
Exorcist Esmodire slaughter Kritch’s
hireling Clanrats and the only
soul drawn into a voltovore engine
overloads it and blows it sky-high
before flashing back to the Heavens.
Yet Kritch and his warlock followers
are unperturbed and – chalking
their failure up to incompetent
underlings – they begin construction
on new, more powerful engines that
they are sure wi l l do the job.

INEVITABLE VENGEANCE

Several chambers of Stormcast
Eternals purge Rotstump Warren
in the Jade Kingdom of Veridian.
Outraged at the damage done to
his web of plots, the Verminlord
Corruptor Pestifrious vows
vengeance upon those who led the
attack. The daemon stalks his prey,
spending untold skaven lives to see
his foes sicken and die. That Sigmar’s
heroes can be reforged time and
again only deepens and prolongs
Pestifrious’
furious vendetta.


PAGEBREAK
YEAR OF THE DROWNED RAT

In Shyish, the Realm of Death,
Nagash nears completion of his
Great Black Pyramid. Raised at the
heart of his capital, Nagashizzar,
this cyclopean edifice wi l l unleash
the unstoppable energies of death
magic upon the Mortal Realms and
annihilate all life. Determined to
prevent this occurrence, the Lords of
Decay scramble to launch multiple
assaults against Nagashizzar. The
greatest of these is a millions-
strong swarm led by the preening
Master Moulder Things-master
Snitterskritch. However,
the Things-
master’s glorious assault is brought
to a premature and ignominious
halt when his gnawhole emerges at
the bottom of the Kaphtar Sea. A
zombie-choked flood tide thunders
down the tunnel, a crushing
sledgehammer of dark waters that
ki l ls Snitterskritch and his swarms
before erupting in a mile-high
geyser in Blight City. Slitwarren,
the Gyredelve and Scuttlebleak
are all flooded. A vast infestation
of Deadwalkers pushes out into
the neighbouring districts, the
reanimated corpses of Snitterskritch
and his warriors amongst them.

THE CORPSE-THING WAR

Though several secondary invasion
swarms continue to move against
Nagashizzar,
the Council of Thirteen
now turn their fu l l horrified
attention to the Floodwarrens and
undead hordes spilling into the
heart of Blight City. The districts
afflicted are only a handful of miles
from the Tower of Kavzar, and
many clans scramble to hurl their
warriors at the invading foe. More
scurr y rapidly out of harm’s way,
Skr yre engineers fleeing with their
prized inventions and leaving their
underlings to drown or be torn apart
by hundreds of groaning zombies.
Skirmishes break out amongst the
defending forces as some clans
attempt to capitalise upon territory
lost or abandoned by their rivals,
while others pull out of clawpacts
at the last moment and allow their
supposed allies to be overrun, only
to find themselves outnumbered and
dragged down in turn. For several
perilous days the threat draws ever
closer to the Masterburrow, and
the Lords of Decay are reduced to

outraged screeching and violent
recrimination as their every plan to
stop the invaders fails. Then comes
Grey Seer Thanquol. To some he is a
stranger and an upstart, to others a
name out of half-remembered myth.
To most, he appears an egomaniacal
lunatic. However, somehow –
accounts var y and confusion reigns
as to his precise methods – Thanquol
orchestrates a series of ever-more
convoluted attacks by scrabbled-
together swarms that first blunt
and then drive back the undead.
After several more days of desperate
conflict, the threat is contained and
Thanquol disappears as suddenly as
he appeared. He does so driven by
justified paranoia that the Council
of Thirteen wi l l want to quickly
crush such a successful
leader, and
that a large number of very unhappy
Clawlords wi l l want to ‘discuss’
the
catastrophic cost in skaven lives that
his plans entailed.

NECROQUAKE

Tempted by the promise of a wealth
of Shyishan realmstone, Grey Seer
Retchnik allies himself with Eshin
Clan Slynk and contrives a way
for their agents to creep down the
part-flooded gnawhole, through
the bed of the Kaphtar Sea and into
Nagashizzar. Neither Retchnik
nor the Eshin agents survive
the machinations that surround
this alliance, but their meddling
ensures that – as Nagash triggers
his Great Black Pyramid – hapless
Eshin agents are trapped within

it. Their presence sours the ritual
and causes it to rage out of control.
The necroquake is unleashed. The
dead rise in their trillions across the
Mortal Realms. Endless spells are
set loose to prey upon friend and foe
alike. It is a matter of hours before
the skaven begin to fight amongst
themselves to claim credit for this
clearly masterful and obviously
entirely intentional act of sabotage…

SORCERY UNLEASHED

At the battle of Six Twistings,
Pestilens Clan Shrok unleash the
Neverplague upon their Sylvaneth
foes. Not to be outdone, Grey Seer
Krektus summons first a Warp
Lightning Vortex and then the
terrifying Bell of Doom. While the
spinning warp cr ystals whirl around
the Sylvaneth and blast them with
furious lightnings, the eldritch
bell tolls again and again, sending
shock waves of madness and terror
through the plague-ridden forest
spirits. Soon enough, their battle line
collapses altogether and Krektus’
swarm ends the day gnawing upon
their shattered lamentiri.

DEATH IN THE DEEPS

A fleet of strange submersibles
launched by the Clans Skr yre
begins a bloody invasion of the
Idoneth enclave of Nautilar. The war
beneath the waves rages, the skaven
plundering the arcane repositories
of the sea aelves and abducting
several Isharann in the hope of
extracting the secrets of their
soul-thieving magics.

THE SECOND GREAT CIVIL
WAR BREWS

As the Soul Wars rage throughout
the Mortal Realms, it is a time of
great opportunity for the skaven.
Yet
true to their nature, the ratmen
are so caught up in tr ying to keep
all the spoils for themselves while
slaughtering their rivals in the
process that a Second Great Civil
War threatens. The Clans Skr yre
and the Clans Pestilens vie for pre-
eminence in Blight City. Everywhere
skaven swarms assail the other
races of the realms, seeking to steal
whatever powers or technologies
may give them an edge. Meanwhile,
in the deepest shadows, Grey Seer
Thanquol concocts fresh plans…


PAGEBREAK
SKAVEN CLANS

SKAVEN CLANS

The vast mass of skavendom consists of the five Great Clans. Each Great Clan, in turn, comprises millions of clans,
each of which is an autonomous, anarchic and militarised society in its own right. The armies that these clans
send forth are known as swarms, and are terrifying forces to behold.

The Great Clans – Skr yre, Pestilens,
Verminus, Moulder and Eshin
– are immense and incredibly
factionalised. Skaven legend has it
that, at the very beginning of the
Age of Myth, the Great Horned
Rat scattered the First Clans
into the darkest corners of the
Mortal Realms. These were the
primogenitors of each Great Clan –
the first Clans Eshin, the first Clans
Moulder and so forth – and there
were but a handful of each. The
Clans Pestilens, for example, are said
to have begun as just three clans,
Feesik, Septik and Morbidus, while
the multitudinous Clans Verminus
of the modern day supposedly
originated from just two clans, Klaw
and Skarrik.

The Great Horned Rat encourages
constant infighting amongst his ever-
multiplying broods, and from the
original clans sprung dozens, then
hundreds, then many thousands of
splinter clans. Some faltered and
failed. Many were set upon by their
fellows and annihilated, reduced
to slaves or re-absorbed by more
powerful clans. Yet others met with
success and have gone on to carve
out territories of their own within
the Under-Empire and to spawn
their own splinter-clans.

Strangely for such an anarchic and
egotistical race, a clan’s origins
are instantly recognisable, rarely
diverging far from the accepted
cultural norms of their Great Clan.
Every Clan Skr yre, for example,
emphasises arcane engineering and
goes to battle armed with arrays of
unstable wonder-weapons, though
of course the nature of these devices
varies immensely from verminous
cog-automata and multi-limbed
steam-driven engines to batteries of
flame-hurling artillery. Each Clan
Pestilens fields seething masses of
Plague Monks and other diseased
fanatics who make up congregations
that then form the larger Virulent
Processions. The Clans Verminus

rely on massed warriors and strength
of numbers to fight their battles, the
Clans Moulder focus on the breeding
of ghastly beast-broods, and the
Clans Eshin are universally devious
sneak-assassins. Heraldic icons
and colours very enormously from
one clan to the next, and all believe
themselves to be superior to their
rivals, but each Great Clan retains
a distinct and defined identity from
one end of skavendom to the other.

‘None is as much-mighty as Clawlord

Vratch of Clan Gnarlkyn! So fast-fast my

blade! So sharp my fangs! See-look at my

many trophies, skulls of fool-things that

thought they could defeat me! None will

ever defeat Clawlord Vratch!

I will rule

Clan Gnarlkyn for a thousand years!’

- Clawlord Vratch, whose rule of Clan

Gnarlkyn lasted a bloody three days

CLAN CONQUESTS

At its simplest, a skaven clan
consists of a single leader, his
viciously ambitious lieutenants
and his regiments of warriors and
war engines. It also includes all of
the breeders, slaves and ancillar y
hangers-on that dig out the clan’s
burrows, forage its food, forge or
scavenge its weapons and armour,
and perform whatever menial
duties are considered beneath the
swaggering blade-rats that make up
its armed forces. Without exception,
skaven clans are geared towards
conquest at all costs. Skaven always
want more, be it power, territory,
riches, breeders, notoriety or
whatever else their fevered minds
fixate upon. They are short-sighted
and aggressively acquisitive, burning
through resources faster than they
can seize them, and the entire
existence of their clans revolves
around this endless race to keep pace
with their own rapacity.

The clans are forever at each others’
throats. Each Great Clan evidences

peculiarities of outlook and societal
doctrine that actively encourage such
back-biting and internecine warfare,
echoes of the Horned Rat’s desire for
his children to scrabble ever higher
in his regard up a mountain of their
slain rivals. The Clans Pestilens,
for example,
interpret the wi l l of
the Horned Rat through unholy
texts known as the Withered Word;
these ever-changing scriptures
emphasise the constant division
and spread of the Clans Pestilens
and – while the Plague Priests argue
constantly about interpretations of
the Withered Word and no few holy
wars have been fought over them –
this process of division and conquest
continues apace, to the greater
benefit of Pestilens as a whole.

SWARMS

Skaven armies are known as swarms,
and range in size from a single
leader and a clawful of regiments
to a thousands-strong horde led
by dozens of constantly competing
skaven lords. Some hail from a single
Great Clan, and may even be made
up entirely of warriors from a single
clan. With the differing specialisms
of the Great Clans, however,
it is far
more common for a clan to field a
swarm that incorporates supporting
elements from other clans who have
been hired, bribed, manipulated or
blackmailed into fighting.

For example, a swarm gathered
by Verminus Clan Fang might be
led by a Warlord of Clan Fang and
built around several Claw-hordes
from that clan. It could then be
supported by a number of weapon
teams and warp lightning ar ti l ler y
pieces bartered from one of the
Clans Skr yre, and have scouting and
assassination elements clawpledged
from one of the Clans Eshin. Of
course, those auxi liar y elements
may well have their own agendas
or hidden loyalties, but those
wi l l only become clear when the
double-crossing begins…


PAGEBREAK
Verminlord Warbringer
Thrashsnik of the
Black Gnawing

Lord Hakkrit of Verminus Clan Fang

Grey Seer Skritterik

Retchtooth’s
Unstoppable Kill-Slayers

Claw-horde

- Clawlord Retchtooth of
Verminus Clan Fang
- 1 Clawpack of Stormvermin
- 4 Clawpacks of Clanrats

(Hired in secret by
Clawlord Retchtooth )

The Thirteenth Blade

Slinktalon

- Deathmaster Thwik
- 2 Clawpacks of
Gutter Runners
- 4 Clawpacks of
Night Runners

The Undergnaw

- 3 Warp-Grinders

The Warlock Engineers who
piloted the three Doomwheels of
the Blood-Gore Grinders were
notoriously competitive, often
racing one another into battle.

Hakkrit’s Forgefangs - 2 Clawpacks of Stormvermin

Vrekrit’s Much-very
Magnificent Killers

Claw-horde

- Clawlord Vrekrit of
Verminus Clan Fang
- 3 Clawpacks of Stormvermin
- 9 Clawpacks of Clanrats

Arch-Warlock Shoktail’s
Smogspark Destroyers

Warpcog Convocation

- Arch-Warlock Shoktail
- 1 Arkhspark Voltik
Enginecoven
- 2 Gascloud Chokelung
Enginecovens

The Blood-Gore Grinders - 3 Doomwheels

Vrekrit’s Slay-Kill
Wonder-weapons

- 2 Warpfire Throwers
- 2 Clawpacks of Stormfiends
- 1 Clawpack of Jezzails

To this day, no one knows
how Grey Seer Skritterik came
to consume mutagen-laced
warpstone and devolve into a
gibbering monstrosity in the
midst of the Battle for Mausol.
However,
it is a fact that Master
Moulder Scruntclaw remains
a valued – and rich – ally of
Clan Fang.

Scruntclaw’s Ravenous
Maw-Chewers

Fleshmeld Menagerie

- Master Moulder Scruntclaw
- Hell Pit Abomination
- 2 Clawpacks of Packmasters
- 2 Packs of Giant Rats
- 3 Packs of Rat Ogors

Though Retchtooth believed he
had hired the Thirteenth Blade
as assassins, Hakkrit had paid
Deathmaster Thwik substantially
more to turn on his ‘employer’.

Lord Hakkrit claimed his seat on the Council of Thirteen through his masterful conquest of Mausol. A towering
city of bone raised by the Soulblight Vampire Zhlatomir the Unholy, Mausol had been raised atop an ancient
skaven war-burrow,
the defenders of which had fled the vampire’s wrath and abandoned a daemon’s
ransom in
warpstone and ancient, arcane technologies to gather dust in the darkness. The then-Clawlord Hakkrit boasted
that he would hurl the Soulblight stronghold down in ruin and claim the vast wealth of Mausol for Clan Fang, and
in so doing make them the most powerful of the Clans Verminus in Blight City. Hakkrit had reason for confidence,
for he had the patronage of no less than a Verminlord Warbringer named Thrashnik of the Black Gnawing. This
abomination had been conjured by Grey Seer Skitterik, who made a show of counselling Hakkrit, but who in truth
sought to seize the riches of Mausol for the Masterclan,
ideally over Hakkrit’s withered corpse.

Hakkrit assembled a sizeable swarm for his assault upon Mausol, based around a huge Claw-horde led by his evil-
eyed protégé Clawlord Vrekrit, and a smaller force led by the insanely paranoid Clawlord Retchtooth. He struck
a deal with Arch-Warlock Shoktail of Skr yre Clan Phrikk, promising the avaricious despot a portion of the lost
machineries in return for his aid. He also agreed a clawpact with the revolting Master Moulder Scruntclaw of Clan
Threbb, who agreed largely to spite a rival who had been courting Hakkrit’s
favour. The force was completed by
an Eshin Slinktalon known as the Thirteenth Blade, who Retchtooth hired to shadow the swarm and strike down
Clawlord Hakkrit so that Retchtooth could win favour with Grey Seer Skitterik. The machinations through which
Hakkrit played his lieutenants off against one another and claimed victory are still Clan Fang legend.


PAGEBREAK
The Clans Skryre

THE CLANS SKRYRE

The skaven are cunning creatures, capable of great feats of ingenuity. Amongst their teeming masses there are
no greater or deranged inventors than the warlocks of the Clans Skr yre, who craft deadly engines of skaven
supremacy for the highest bidder.

pace. Vast and strange are the
engines of war created by these
nightmarish factories, and though
the Clans Skr yre sell many of their
contraptions to the highest bidder,
they always keep the best weapons
for themselves.

The sale of their surplus arsenals
has made many of the Clans Skr yre
very rich, in turn allowing them
to afford ever more excessive
workshops and weapons. Some of
the most successful Skr yre clans
possess weapons of incredible power,
from the city-sized parasite engines
of Clan Z ikk to the giant Warp
Lightning Cannons that adorn the
mountainous stronghold of Clan
Shokryk. Clans that have built such
terrifying contraptions are feared
and hated in equal measure by the
rest of skavendom.

When one of the Clans Skr yre sends
its swarms to war,
its engineers are
divided into Warpcog Convocations.
These formations are led by
swaggering Arch-Warlocks and
comprise numerous enginecovens
that specialise in particular types
of mechanised warfare. The
Whyrlblade Threshik, for example,
build great rumbling war machines
covered in slicing blades that crush
and hack the foe to bloody ruin. The
Gautfyre Skorch, meanwhile, create
hideous fire throwers, while the
Arkhspark Voltik fashion batteries of
lightning cannons.

While all Clans Skr yre share a
strong cultural
link, each has its own
peculiarities and pet obsessions.
Even within Blight City itself there
are hundreds of Clans Skr yre, from
the self-avowed pyromaniacs of
the Clan Krakh l to the Warlock
Bombardiers of Clan Shyvik who
specialise in long-ranged ar ti l ler y
with indirect firing arcs, and the
politically conniving Clan Staktik
who manufacture listening devices,
arcanospectral spygoggles and more
for sale to the other clans of Blight
City. Clan Ezzik is by far the largest

of the Clans Skr yre to lurk at the
heart of skavendom, and with its
High Arch-Warlock Skrach sitting in
the coveted first seat of the Council
of Thirteen, the banner of Skr yre
Clan Ezzik flies above more fortress
warrens and laboratory burrows by
the day.

The Clans Skr yre maintain plenty of
strongholds beyond the bounds of
Blight City. Grasping and covetous,
the Clans Skr yre use monstrous
ether-bores and scrabbledrills to
drive gnawholes into every Mortal
Realm in search of technologies,
warpstone and – more recently –
realmstone to steal. In Aqshy,
for
example, the scavenge-covens of
Clan Phrikk sally out from their
burrows beneath the Ventruscan
Hills. They pick over the ruin of
others’ battlefields, break into their
enemies’ strongholds and release
billowing clouds of poisoned wind
in the name of picking the dead
clean of every fragment of metal and
technology they can acquire. Their
warrens are piled with mountains of
stolen spoils, magnificent fragments
of ancient artefacts heaped in with
tangles of scrap in undiscerning
profusion. Slave gangs pick over
these huge mounds of detritus
night and day, sorting the dross
to be melted down for reuse and
murdering one another for choice
finds to bring to the warlocks in
the hopes of being rewarded with
their freedom.

By comparison, Clan Rhukrit –
whose stronghold of Gryndfang
lies beneath Ghur’s Ravenous
Steppes – are swift and direct. Their
Whyrlblade Threshik enginecovens
assemble entire spearheads of
Doomwheels and Doom-Flayers
that rumble across the plains
in bladed convoys crushing
ever ything in their path. Behind
them come crawlburrows, mobile
fortress-workshops into which
go the spoils of war, and down
whose ramps roll fresh waves of
anarchic assault-vehicles.

There are vast numbers of Skr yre
clans scattered across the Mortal
Realms, var ying from small bands
of Warlock Engineers and their
scurr ying servants to massive,
millions-strong hordes that inhabit
sprawling fortified burrows. They
gnaw out their workshop spaces
inside craggy mountains or
rumbling volcanoes, beneath ruined
cities or through the innards of
colossal ancient mechanisms that
grind and churn beneath the surface
of the realms.

These factory-burrows are hellish
places, crammed with spinning
gears, roaring furnaces, clanking
pistons and copper-coil tubes that
dance with caged green lightning.
Unstable alchemical apparatus
bubbles amongst teetering crates of
machine parts and heaps of explosive
munitions. The weird machines
of the laboratory burrows require
vast amounts of power, generated
by mechanisms such as slave gangs
running inside huge wooden wheels,
leech-pipes sucking the vitality
from slowly dying volcanoes,
titanic brass batteries powered by
the bubbling remains of the cursed
dead, and countless other foul
innovations. Barely controlled chaos
reigns as construction lines churn
out lethal devices at a terrifying


PAGEBREAK
Arch-Warlock Vrikt sat in his huge brass throne
at the hear t of his laboratory burrow. He was
surrounded by the bedlam of heavy industry,
the wails of slaves and the hiss and thunder of steam
and pistons. He sneered down at the eng ineers
prostrating themselves before him. Vrikt drummed
his talons on the arms of his throne and tw itched his
barbed tail as he waited for the warlocks to finish
fawning. His patience frayed by the moment.
‘Enough!’ he screeched.
‘Who speaks for the
Arkhspark Voltik? ’ After a quick bout of snarling
and jostling, the lightning-engineers
shoved one of
their number forward. He peered up at Vrikt from
behind thick-lensed goggles, doing his best to puff
himself up despite his obv ious terror. The eng ineer was
actually shaking.
‘I, Warlock Engineer Kratchik,
talk-speak for—’
‘And who for Whyrlblade Threshik? ’ snarled Vrikt,
cutting the nervous skaven off. A burly Warlock
Bombardier pushed his way to the front of his
enginecoven’s delegation, snapping v iciously at
another ratman who tried to pre-empt him.
‘Warlock Bombardier Blacktail speaks, oh mighty-
great Arch-Warlock,’
he growled, snout jutting.
‘You have-bring inventions, yes? ’ asked Vrikt.
‘You
show them now. Impress me and I will give many-
much warp tokens and slaves for your workshops.
Waste-fritter my time…’ Vrikt left the statement
hanging, and gestured with one hand-claw. The
engineers’ attention was drawn to a space amongst
the mayhem of the laboratory,
that was even now
being cleared as slave gangs dragged work benches and
smoke-belching mechanisms out of the way. Revealed
were thir teen brass poles that jutted from the burrow
floor some hundred yards distant. Lashed to each
was a struggling figure, bloodied and beaten but still
clad in the rags of the Gautfyre Skorch eng inecoven.
It brightened Vrikt’s mood somewhat to see these
fools offered up as test subjects. They had protested
of sabotage when their fire-belcher engine blew up
during a demonstration earlier that day, but their
whining meant little to Vrikt. Whether incompetents
or dupes, either way these failed eng ineers were useless
to him for anything other than target practice.
The two eng inecovens hurried to obey his command,
pulling dir ty tarpaulins off the dev ices they had
brought. Arkhspark Voltik had created some kind
of multi-barrelled lightning ar tillery piece, smaller
than a Warp Lightning Cannon but with a fiercely
destructive look to it. However, they were still
busy ing themselves with frantic preparations when
Whyrlblade Threshik hauled their own dev ice up
to the firing line. Carried by a pair of skaven, the
Whyrlblade Threshik weapon consisted mainly of a
huge, sprung throwing arm. Vrikt intuited that, at a
trigger-pull, that arm would swing back and snatch
a foot-wide circular blade from the rack lashed to the
other crew-rat’s back before springing forward again
and hurling the blade like a huge Eshin throwing star.

‘Whyrlblade Threshik offer-gifts the Rip-flinger,’
announced Warlock Bombardier Blacktail.
‘Ready
swift-quick yes? Long-long ranged, shoots fast and kills
all.’ With that, the weapon’s firer snapped his goggles
into place, cringed slightly then pulled the trigger.
The arm snapped back, grabbed a blade and flung it
with tremendous force. Arch-Warlock Vrikt nodded
appreciatively as the projectile sang through the air
and slammed into a trussed and screeching target. The
blade sliced its v ictim in half at the waist, with enough
force left over to cut through the pole he was bound to.
Metal, twitching flesh and slippery innards splattered
the burrow floor.
‘Again-again,’
snapped Warlock Bombardier
Blacktail, his muzzle tw isting into an arrogant grin
as the Rip-flinger snatched three more blades in quick
succession and threw them. Two hit their intended
target while the third span on to carome from a
piston-press and mow down several luckless slaves.
Impressive,
thought Vrikt, and surely the victor,
especially as the Arkhspark Voltik had yet to even—
The thought was cut off as there came a crackling
roar and a blast of lurid green light. Vrikt was
blinded and his fur stood on end. There was another
blast, and another, and yet another. At last the din
stopped. Blinking furiously, crouched in his throne
and brandishing his warpfire projector, Vrikt sought
the source of the terrify ing explosions. As his sight
cleared he saw that, where the Whyrlblade Threshik
delegation had stood there was now naught but
blackened ear th and the tw isted remains of charred
corpses. The Rip-flinger had been reduced to smoking
wreckage. Gaping, Vrikt stared at the multi-barrelled
lightning cannon of Arkhspark Voltik. It was glowing
as it cooled, and its crew were chittering with glee
as they hurried to swap its blackened warpstone
power core out for a new one. His feigned nerves now
nowhere to be seen, Warlock Engineer Kratchik spat
on the remains of his former rivals.
‘The Rip-flinger was fast-fast, yes, but crude, and
look, oh mighty Arch-Warlock, how flimsy it was!
Not like the Warpraker Cannon of Arkhspark Voltik.
Surely, oh great and most-mighty,
there can be only
one victor here.’
Vrikt sniffed,
lowering himself back into his throne
with as much dignity as he could muster.
‘Good-good, Kratchik, most-very impressive. But
there are still test-targets…’
The eng ineer leered his understanding and shrieked
orders at his comrades. Surely, Vrikt thought with
dawning paranoia, that Warlock Engineer would
expect rewards and advancement. He had shown
cunning, promise and ambition, entirely too much
of all three. Even as the cannon fired again, the
Arch-Warlock was already planning how best to
send his agents into Kratchik’s workshop to steal the
weapon’s plans and prepare an ‘accident’
for him. The
Warpraker Cannon was magnificent, Vrikt thought,
and he must have it. Its inventor, he could do w ithout.


PAGEBREAK
The Clans Pestilens

THE CLANS PESTILENS

The Children of the Horned Rat take many forms, the foulest of which are found within the Clans Pestilens. These
zealous skaven are disciples of disease, foul harbingers of decay who hurl themselves into battle with frenzied
ferocity and who seek nothing less than the final rotting of reality itself.

reality itself. Each is recorded in
one of the thirteen Libers Pestilent,
tomes of forbidden lore that exude
spiritual foulness. To date, the
Clans Pestilens have discovered
eight of these terrible diseases –
the eighth was seized during the
latter days of the War of Life, and
rumours abound of its contents and
current location.

The powers of the Great Plagues have
been unleashed only rarely. This is
not through any sense of restraint,
for such concepts are foreign to the
skaven mindset. Rather, each Great
Plague is a malefic concoction that
requires ingredients both strange
and incredibly rare and can only be
brewed under specific conditions,
such as the thirteenth moonrise
over the red veldt or in the skull of a
pox-slain arachnodon. They include
such abominations as the Undulant
Scourge – a tentacled parasite that
bursts through the victim’s flesh
from a space beyond reality – the
Crimsonweal Curse, which rapidly
exsanguinates its victims and
possesses a malign sentience that
wishes only to spread to all living
things, and the cannibalistic fur y
of the Redmaw Plague that sees its
victims rend, tear and devour one
another until they are dissolved
by the virulent acids churning
in their guts. Were the Thirteen
Great Plagues to be combined in a
single unholy vessel, the priest who
achieved this dark miracle would
bring about the Age of the Great
Corruptor and the ascendancy
of Pestilens.

Until that time, the Clans Pestilens
continue to spread like an
unstoppable plague, multiplying
endlessly into ever more foetid
congregations of ruin. Ancient Clans
Pestilens such as Feesik, Morbidus or
Septik number their Plague Monks
in the billions. These are the eldest of
the Clans Pestilens, claiming descent
from those survivors plucked by
the Great Horned Rat from the
world-that-was. Within each of these

clans are hundreds of Churches
of Contagion, each following
slight variations upon their clan’s
holy writ.

Not all of the Clans Pestilens are so
powerful. Countless smaller clans
are forced from their warrens every
year. Most often these are Churches
of Contagion who have strayed
into what their parent clan views as
heresy. The dark gospel of the Great
Corruptor – known as the Withered
Word – is subjective and convoluted.
Its unreliable nature owes much to
the fact that many of its passages
have been dictated by Plague Priests
in the grip of frothing madness,
or whispered from the shadows by
Verminlord Corruptors whose every
word drips falsehood. Combined
with the skaven propensity to
creatively interpret instructions, this
has led to violent schisms beyond
number over the centuries.

Each conflict produces further
splinterings. Heretic Congregations
of Filth spew like spores from their
parent creed, convinced that their
interpretation of the shade of buboes
or the consistency of mucous is the
correct one. The Withered Word
dictates that such splits must happen
in threes, and no Plague Priest is
willing to risk the Horned Rat’s
displeasure by acting otherwise.
Thus, when one church leaves their
clan, another two wi l l be singled out
and violently ejected by rivals quick
to shriek accusations of heresy for
their own devious ends.

Some Clans Pestilens, such as
Buborix, Corruptus and Pustulous,
claim proud heritage from an
ancient clan like Morbidus. Others,
such as Vomikrit and Retchid, act
as thra l l clans to their progenitor
– in this case, Feesik. Still others
are so deviant that they abandon
their origins altogether ; the Clan
Brakkish, who dwell on the flanks of
the pus-volcano Expugtor in Ghyran
and specialise in plague artillery, are
one such wi lfu l offshoot.

The Clans Pestilens form the Horned
Rat’s multifarious Churches of
Contagion, the uncounted billions
who fervently worship him in his
aspect as the Great Corrupter. The
ratmen of the Clans Pestilens are the
most overtly religious of their race,
frothing zealots who display their
faith by making themselves willing
hosts to the myriad diseases and
parasitic malignancies of their god.

The other Great Clans seek to
manipulate the denizens of the
realms, or to become their tyrannica l
rulers. Not so the Clans Pestilens.
These feculent fanatics ally or enslave
the peoples of the realms when it
suits their ends, but ultimately they
seek dominion over a withered
wasteland in which they are the only
living things. The Clans Pestilens
believe that the skaven wi l l achieve
this nihilistic supremacy only once
their god is of one mind and one
aspect – that of the Great Corruptor.
The Churches of Contagion know
that they must conquer not only the
other races, but ultimately the other
Great Clans as well. For this they
require the Thirteen Great Plagues.

The Great Plagues are metaphysical
diseases that strike not only at the
flesh but at the soul and, in some
cases, even at the warp and weft of


PAGEBREAK
The Clans Verminus

THE CLANS VERMINUS

The strength of the innumerable Clans Verminus is in their teeming swarms of Clanrats and Stormvermin. These
hordes of ratmen pour across the battlefield with screeched war cries to engulf the foe in a heaving mass of lank-
furred bodies and rusted blades.

and the absence of arcane elements
or lethal technologies within them.
Yet
the simple truth is this: without
the incalculable numbers of the
Clans Verminus, skavendom would
eventually cease to exist.

The Clans Verminus possess strength
in numbers, both in terms of the
sheer size of their clans and of the
myriad warriors that make up each
one. Many more swarms contain
at least some Verminus warriors
than do not. The Grey Seers view
Verminus as an inexhaustible source
of ratpower, and it is a rare Arch-
Warlock, Deathmaster or Master
Moulder who cannot see the value of
a bodyguard of burly Stormvermin
or a few expendable regiments of
Clanrats to fling into battle.

Far from seeing themselves as being
exploited, the masters of the Clans
Verminus preen and boast of their
importance to skavendom; so long as
it isn’t
their necks on the line, most
Verminus warlords are more than
happy to send thousands of their
underlings to their deaths if it puts
the members of another Great Clan
in their debt.

The Clans Verminus – and
particularly their heavily armed
and martially minded Clawlords –
are the most territorial, belligerent
and aggressive of all skaven.
They venerate the Great Horned
Rat simply as the Conqueror, or
sometimes the many-tailed King
of Lashes, and they believe that
he wi l l reward those ratmen who
successfully place their footclaws
upon the throats of all the other
sentient races in the realms.

This aggression is not reserved
for external foes alone. The Clans
Verminus are forever warring
amongst themselves, with the
pre-eminent clans rising to the
top only to be cast down again in
ruin. Currently, Verminus Clan
Fang are the most numerous clan
in all skavendom, or so they claim.
Yet challengers such as the bone-
armoured Clan Scour from the
Realm of Light, the fiery-furred Clan
Koniptik from Aqshy,
the tenacious
survivors of the ancient Clan
Morskrit and the trophy-bedecked
braggarts of Clan Vrash are already
circling, watching intently for the
first sign of weakness…

It is the Clans Verminus that provide
the vast quantities of warriors and
slaves required to keep the armies
of Blight City scurr ying ever
onward, and the anarchic society
of the skaven thriving despite its
propensity for self-destruction. The
other Great Clans like to dwell upon
the Verminus’
lack of specialisation.
They scorn the allegedly simplistic
nature of Verminus’ Claw-hordes

C lawlord Gnawdrek imperiously raised a talon
to point at the beleaguered duardin battle line.
‘Kill-slay!’ he screeched, his order sending
a scurry ing tide of Clanrats surging into the enemy’s
guns. Gnawdrek’s underlings poured across the hot
deser t sands beneath a hard blue-green sky, and their
enemies’ bullets and shells tore through them. Broken
bodies and sprays of blood filled the air as the duardin
fired again and again from the sandy slopes. The
rippling thunder of gunfire rolled across the dunes.
Gnawdrek watched impassively for a few moments
before lashing his tail and drawing his hooked blade.
‘Now, while the scum gnaw on their bullets,
charge-charge,’
snarled Gnawdrek to his
Stormvermin bodyguards.
Clad in the brass and green of clan Stabbik, the
hulking war-rats brandished their halberds and broke
into a swift lope. Gnawdrek ran in their midst, trophy
skulls rattling on his armour’s back-racks. He vaulted
a broken heap of Clanrats then pelted through more
fallen bodies as the sand turned red beneath him.

Bullets whipped in, ricocheting from his shield or
thudding into the armoured forms of his bodyguards,
but though his glands tightened Gnawdrek kept going.
To flee now would be to show weakness, and invite
the blades of his rivals to sink into his back before
darkness fell.
A cannonball roared in low, smashing the heads
from three Stormvermin. Gnawdrek spat on their
corpses and dug his footclaws into the thick sand.
Crossing the last dozen feet between himself and the
foe, the Clawlord swatted a wounded Clanrat aside
then lunged and drove his blade into a beard-thing’s
face. Ripping his sword free, Gnawdrek bulled his way
into the enemy’s
line. His v ictims were exhausted and
reeling from the Clanrat onslaught, their feet tangled
in mounds of skaven corpses. Gnawdrek hacked and
slashed, whirling in a v icious circle to open throats
and lop off limbs.
‘Slaughter-kill
them all!’ he cried as his
Stormvermin poured into the gap he had opened.
‘Victory! Victory!’


PAGEBREAK
The Clans Moulder

THE CLANS MOULDER

The Clans Moulder are the beastmasters of the skaven race, twisters of the natural order who create monstrous
abominations to loose upon the battlefield. Their rapacious war beasts are greatly feared across the Mortal
Realms. Even amongst their cruel race, the Clans Moulder have a dark reputation.

creation of some of the most hideous
terrors employed by any race in war.
Amongst these are certain favoured
breeds of war beast – Rat Ogors
and Giant Rats chief amongst them
– that have secured the position of
the Clans Moulder as a real power
in skavendom. The secrets behind
the creation of such abhorrent flesh
hulks as the Hell Pit Abominations,
meanwhile, are amongst the most
valuable that the Clans Moulder
possess. Countless spies from other
clans have been used as brood fodder
for daring to tr y to steal them.

The Clans Moulder worship the
Great Horned Rat in his aspect as
the Writhing Broodsire, a protean
nightmare of ever-multiplying
verminous flesh whose fecundity
they wish to bring into reality so that
it buries all the realms. The Clans’
Packmasters are renowned as surly
and crude individuals, more akin to
the brutish beasts they herd than the
rest of their cunning race, and their
disgusting belief system doesn’t help
matters. Moreover, many members
of the Clans Moulder are tainted
and twisted by the warpstone-based
procedures they use to create their

war beasts – they may be bloated
and hairless, have glowing eyes,
be always voraciously hungry, or
possess additional tails or limbs.

Currently,
the most powerful of all
the Clans Moulder is Clan Dregg,
whose Master Moulder Zhurn
Aelf-eater holds the tenth seat on
the Council of Thirteen. Dregg
are renowned for the sheer fecund
numbers of their beasts, and hold
lucrative contracts with many Clans
Verminus and Skr yre. However,
they
are far from the only major power
amongst the Clans Moulder.

In Ghyran, for example, the Clan
Threbb channel perverted life magics
into their war beasts in order to
keep them regenerating far past
all sane notions of resilience. The
sinister skin-and-bone creations
of Shyishan Clan Snirk are terrible
to behold, while all have cause
to fear the grotesquely modified
snatch-packs of Clan Ghrubbitus,
who spirit away enemy champions
and leaders – skaven or otherwise
– to serve as unwilling subjects for
experimentation and high-level
breeding programs.

The Master Moulders of the Clans
Moulder use weird alchemy, crude
surgery and blasphemous dark magic
to meld disparate creatures together
and create terrible aberrations.
From vast albino monstrosities that
rend tunnels through the bedrock
of the realms, to seething tides of
flea-infested fiends that devour
ever ything in their path, the Clans
Moulder are responsible for the

At first glance, the rev iv ification pit looked
to be full of mangled remains. Mounds of
flesh and scabrous clumps of fur were piled
high amongst drifts of wet muscle, jutting fangs and
claws, blinded eyes and other,
less easily identifiable
organic detritus.
Master Moulder Sturknik saw past the revolting
anarchy. As he stared down into the massive pit, his
practised gaze picked out the stitches that bound
fleshy sacs and bloated limbs together. He saw the
gland-clusters where they had been melded with
warp-eng ines and v iscid tangles of exposed nerves. In
his mind’s eye, the corpulent skaven saw the beast as
it would soon look, rather than this obscene jumble
of par ts.
‘It awaits only the spark-touch of the Writhing
Broodsire,’ he hissed through his crooked fangs, and
his attendant Packmasters nodded and muttered in
agreement.
‘It lurks beyond the veil,’ cried Sturknik,
his eyes bulging with mad intensity.
‘We must goad-
goad it for th! Throw the first lever!’

Three of his underlings dashed to obey, the largest
kicking and clawing the other two away from the huge
brass lever. He wrapped both hand-claws and his
tail around the control and gave it a mighty wrench.
The lever fell with a loud thunk, and warp lightning
coursed down the extended wakening vanes. Energ ies
arced,
leaping into the pit and crawling across the
huge carcass curled there. Sturknik felt triumph rise in
his chest as it tw itched and jerked.
‘The second lever! The third! Pull-throw them all!’
he screeched, and his Packmasters did so with gusto.
Blast after blast, bolt after bolt of lurid green energy
stabbed down into the monster’s body. The stench of
cooking flesh filled the air. Smoke rose, and suddenly
Sturknik felt a subsonic growl shudder through
his bones.
Amidst a last cannonade of lightning blasts, the
Hell Pit Abomination unfolded itself like a vast
and verminous worm and reared up to roar with
myriad gaping maws. The beast was alive, and it
was hungry…


PAGEBREAK
The Clans Eshin

THE CLANS ESHIN

The most shadowy and mysterious of all the skaven, the Clans Eshin are versed in the arts of stealth and
assassination, poison and spycraft. They are seen as hired killers and slinking back-stabbers. Yet there is much
more to the Clans Eshin and their hidden agenda than mere mercenary assassins.

may give them an edge. The most
accomplished agents of the Clans
Eshin can walk on shadow, and
slip through holes no larger than a
coin. These sinister skaven evade the
staunchest guards and most potent
magical wards to leave their victims
mysteriously slain, or else vanished
altogether, never to be seen again.

This is not to say that the strength of
the Clans Eshin lies only in small-
scale missions of assassination and
intrigue. When they choose to move
in force, packs of Night Runners
and Gutter Runners attack in their
hundreds, using stealth, blurring
speed and feral cunning to surround
and overwhelm their enemies. The
foe’s advance guards are ambushed
and buried in furr y bodies that
stab and bite frantically before
disappearing to leave only corpses
in their wake. Ar ti l ler y crews
and other rear-echelon assets are
annihilated by skaven striking from
unexpected quarters. Enemy officers
are hit from all sides by hurtling
throwing stars and envenomed
daggers before the skaven assassins
leap from the shadows to finish off
their weakened quarry. Then come
the terrifying Verminlord Deceivers,
slipping from the dark spaces behind
reality to strike the heads from the
enemy’s commanders and send
the last of their warriors fleeing in
mindless terror.

The Clans Eshin see the Great
Horned Rat as the Shadow of
Murder, a secretive abomination
that compels them to slay all those
who hold positions of power, and to
spread anarchy, confusion and panic
among their rivals until they – and
they alone – possess the information
and wherewithal to rule. All of their
hit-and-run battles and elaborate
covert missions are executed with
this goal in mind and, though they
would never reveal as much to the
other Great Clans, Eshin seek to
destabilise their fellow skaven as
much as they do the other sentient
races of the Mortal Realms.

The greatest strength of the Clans
Eshin is believed to lie hidden in
the dark corners of Ulgu, the Realm
of Shadow. How many fortress-
warrens they maintain there, how
they are hidden and what strength
of warriors they contain are
questions to which the Masterclan
are forever seeking answers. Few
are forthcoming. Indeed, even the
names and markings of the Clans
Eshin are typically kept vague
and mysterious.

Clan Scurrie and Clan Stryk give
the appearance of being the two
largest and most powerful of these
shadowy clans, for both possess
strong presences in Blight City, and
both have a Master seated upon the
Council of Thirteen. It is known that
Scurrie specialise in assassination
through the use of complex gadgetry
such as gnawbombs, warp-grinders
and telescoping blades – they are
believed to maintain strong ties with
at least one of the Clans Skr yre – and
that their agents can be recognised
by the distinctive clan rune branded
into their flesh or stained upon their
fur. Clan Stryk, by comparison,
are believed to be masters of subtle
poisons and contact-venoms,
achieving many of their ki l ls without
ever seeming to raise a claw in anger.
Their agents are believed to wear
garb of black and dark purple, and
communicate in a secret tongue that
even the Masterclan have never been
able to decipher.

Of course, what is believed about the
Clans Eshin and what is the truth
can be two wholly different things;
it is possible that Scurrie and Stryk
are far from the most powerful clans
amongst the Eshin ranks, that they
are but false fronts or even that they
are not who they say they are at
all. Meanwhile, even less is known
about clans such as black-furred
Clan Nichtus, the expert saboteurs
of Clan Kratt or the grey-cowled
mage-slayers of Clan Nullix. Most
know only that the Clans Eshin are
to be feared…

Not even the Masterclan know very
much about the hidden enclaves
and secretive practices of the Clans
Eshin. Where they hide their
shadowy, heavily fortified burrows
is a secret that many have died to
protect. How the Clans Eshin train
their deadly killers or instil in them a
discipline so utterly lacking in most
skaven is also a mystery. Who are the
mysterious Masters that rule their
clans and disguise their identities
through illusion, body-doubles and
webs of misdirection? What are
the Clans Eshin’s
true goals? Why,
when they have such lethal agents of
assassination at their disposal, have
they never made a bid for control of
Blight City? These are question that
play upon the minds of all skaven
who have dealings with the Clans
Eshin, filling them with paranoia
and outright fear.

In truth, this aura of ominous
mystery is just another weapon in
the arsenal of the Clans Eshin. And
they have many, many weapons.
Supernaturally fast and possessed
of incredible agility,
their agents
are well versed in the arts of
unarmed combat, bladesmanship,
explosives, poisons, firearms,
throwing weapons, and any other
method of delivering a swift ki l l
that their elusive Masters believe


PAGEBREAK
The Masterclan

THE MASTERCLAN

Even amongst a race as devious and self-serving as the skaven, there are those with minds so cunning that they are
able to manipulate the rest of their species into doing their bidding. Such is the nature of the Masterclan, whose
seers and daemons direct the swarms of skavendom on the road to ultimate victory.

Through sorcerous might, force
of arms and a dizzying array of
trickery, back-stabbing, bribery
and deceit is the skaven race ruled.
The Council of Thirteen believe
themselves to be the absolute masters
of the Under-Empire and – to some
degree – they are correct. Yet
in
truth, at least as often as they enact
their own wills, the Lords of Decay
are actually serving the ends of the
Masterclan whether purposefully or
through being subtly manipulated.

The Masterclan is far smaller than
any of the Great Clans, its numbers
minuscule by comparison. Indeed,
there are mere clans in skavendom
whose numbers are greater than all
the Grey Seers of the Masterclan
combined. Yet even the least Grey
Seer is a powerful practitioner of
dark sorcery, their skulls crowned
by curling horns, their minds ever
churning with a million underhand
schemes and devious thoughts.
Like parasites lodged in the brain of
an infinitely larger beast, the Grey
Seers compel the vast mass of their
species to follow their commands,
while using the might and numbers
of the Great Clans to bolster their
own power.

There are representatives of the
Masterclan on the Council of
Thirteen, and if questioned, the
other Lords of Decay would all claim
that their own influence equals – if
not exceeds – that of the grey-furred
sorcerers. This is how the order of
Grey Seers prefers to keep it, for they
have found the Great Clans more
biddable if their arrogant leaders
believe the Grey Seers to be at their
beck and call rather than the other
way around. Yet
the truth is that –
even as they give the impression of
enacting the wi l l of the council – the
Masterclan is nearly always three
clawsteps ahead. They must be, for
they are the prophets of the Horned
Rat as a single, unified deity, and it is
their duty to interpret and enact his
wi l l no matter the cost (to any but
themselves, of course!).

Grey Seers spend much of their time
operating behind the scenes in the
Under-Empire. They emerge from
their heavily guarded warrens only
when accompanied by a bodyguard
of hulking albino Stormvermin
whose loyalty to their masters has
been sorcerously or alchemically
ensured. The rest of their time
is spent plotting and scheming,
scr ying faraway developments and
manoeuvring their rivals with deft
claw-twitches and cunning ploys.

Nor are the Grey Seers immune
to the lure of politicking and
the pursuit of power. Orders
can be misinterpreted, after all,
or misunderstood by dullard
underlings who – through no fault
of the Grey Seer’s,
they would
protest – end up perpetrating
massacres or enacting retreats that
coincidentally further the seers’
agendas. The rivalries between the
Grey Seers are legendary, and the
power games these supposed leaders
engage in with one another can
see invasions derailed and clans
exterminated wholesale.

For all this, when they do take to
the field of battle, the Grey Seers
are to be feared. They possess a
ferocious grasp of the arcane arts,
wielding horrific magics that can
summon tides of ravenous vermin,
or rip open the lands so that noxious
fumes and scorching flame consume
their enemies. They can even call
forth unnatural tempests from the
beyond to ground airborne enemies,
and should they find themselves
in imminent danger,
they are able
to teleport across the battlefield
in great ‘skitterleaps’. Yet
it is the
Grey Seers’ frenzied intellect that is
perhaps their most deadly weapon
of all. They are arch-manipulators
possessed of a rabid desire to control
all that they survey, and when they
turn their wits to militar y victory
it takes a truly great mind to match
their puissance and willingness to
sacrifice their own warriors in the
name of victory.

When compelled to go to war in
person, many Grey Seers ride high
upon the creaking carriages of
Screaming Bells. Of all the diabolical
wonder-weapons of the skaven, none
is more iconic nor more dreaded by
their enemies. They take the form
of massive brazen bells, swinging
within an arched carriage of stone,
metal and wood and heaved into
battle by frenzied masses of wild-
eyed ratmen, and their dolorous
peals have been harbingers of doom
for countless civilisations across the
Mortal Realms.

The bell is an ever-present symbol in
the mythology of the skaven, and the
mighty toll of each Screaming Bell
strikes deep inside the black hearts
of the ratmen. They inspire awe, fear,
and the closest thing to devotion the
skaven can achieve. From atop these
unholy altars the Grey Seers preach
their plans of total domination in the
name of the Great Horned Rat.

Each Screaming Bell is an unholy
relic, cast in the hellish warpforges
beneath Blight City using brass
laced with pure warpstone. Warlock
Engineers from Clan Resnykt – who
have grown rich off the secrets of
creating these potent artefacts – and
Grey Seers engage in a thirteen-
day ritual to create each bell. Their
chittering incantations cause
glowing balefire runes to writhe
mystically across the surface of the
bell, and as the casting is cooled,
the metal is coated many times
with sacrificial blood. The result
is a magical terror-weapon whose
peals roll out across the battlefield
in waves of physical force. Each
thunderclap of sound sends enemies
reeling in terror and pain, even as it
reverberates a message of inevitable
skaven supremacy that sends the
ratmen surging into battle with
froth spilling from their jaws. Stone
shatters, the enemy’s bones are
pulverised to dust and – as the peals
grow ever louder – even reality itself
is split asunder by the unnatural
cacophony of the Screaming Bell.


PAGEBREAK
THANQUOL
AND BONERIPPER

Rabidly ambitious, as
inspired as he is delusional,
and dangerously addicted to
devouring warpstone, Grey
Seer Thanquol
is a loose
cannon. He inspires a mix of
envy and hatred amongst his
peers, for his schemes are so
entangled as to bewilder even
the other Grey Seers – at least
until they come to improbable
spectacular fruition or else blow
up in his face. If there is one
thing Thanquol possesses in
abundance,
it is self-confidence;
so convinced is he of his own
genius that he can swiftly shift
any blame for failure to the
first available victim, adapt his
plans to account for – or even
capitalise on – catastrophe, and
simply press on.

Traditionally, Thanquol
has been accompanied by a
monstrous Rat Ogor called
Boneripper. The first of these
beasts was slain long ago,
serving as a fleshy bulwark for
its shrieking master. However,
Thanquol
is surprisingly
sentimental about this brute,
and after each loss has always
commissioned agents of the
Clans Skr yre and Moulder to
fashion him a new and usually
improved beast to serve as
bodyguard and steed.

Rumour has it that Thanquol
is ancient, that the Horned Rat
plucked him from the world-
that-was and imprisoned him
for some grandiose error, and
that he gnawed his way free.
Certainly he has appeared
suddenly in Blight City, playing
many sides against the middle
in a frenetic bid to accumulate
power. Does Thanquol seek
a seat on the Council of
Thirteen? Is he under the
Horned Rat’s protection, or
is he on the run from his god
and blessed with obscene good
fortune? Skavendom seethes
with questions about this
shadowy figure…

Grey Seer Thanquol crouches atop the broad shoulders of his monstrous Rat
Ogor, Boneripper. The beast’s censer-fists billow poisonous warpstone fumes as
its master screeches the jagged words to an arcane invocation.


PAGEBREAK
Verminlords

VERMINLORDS

To behold a Verminlord is to see a splinter of the Great Horned Rat himself. It is to see creeping decay and
inscrutable knowledge made manifest, anarchic ambition and insidious malice given physical form. These
towering rat daemons are living icons of ruin, the ultimate scavengers from beyond the veil.

Verminlords are exemplars of
ever ything a skaven aspires to be.
Insanely cunning, malevolent and
menacing, viciously strong, whip-
fast and eternally manipulative,
they are the daemons of the Horned
Rat. Verminlords loom above the
hierarchy of skaven society. They see
all other Verminlords as rivals and
all mortal skaven as pawns in their
ongoing schemes. However,
the Grey
Seers of the Masterclan cling to the
boast that the Verminlords are theirs
to summon and to bargain with as
they see fit, and that they are thus
tools of the Masterclan rather than
the other way around.

It suits the Verminlords to permit
this charade; even the daemons
of the Horned Rat like to have an
incompetent minion or two to blame
should matters go awry, and it befits
the Verminlords’
sinister natures
to manipulate from the shadows
wherever they can. It is for this
reason that certain rat daemons act
as patrons for particularly promising
skaven leaders; they whisper advice
into their twitching ears and ensure
horrible fates befall their rivals.

However,
for all their dark bargains
and politicking, when a Verminlord
steps into the light and flexes its
monstrous talons, there can be no
doubt who is the master and who
the slave.

Just as the Horned Rat is split into
different aspects, so his Verminlords
reflect these personas. They are
divided into the Warbringers,
Deceivers, Corruptors, Warpseers
and other rarer and stranger castes.
Certain of these beings are drawn
to particular Great Clans whose
aspects echo their own, and are held
up by those clans’
leaders as vengeful
totems. Verminlords manipulate and
terrify any and all skaven into doing
their bidding – it is simply that they
are most likely to manifest alongside
those ratmen whose methods are
most pleasing to them.

Verminlord Warbringers are the
most commonly seen of the rat
daemons, especially amongst the
Clans Verminus, and of all the
Verminlords they are the most
arrogant, aggressive and territorial.
Warbringers have a fondness for

dramatic entrances, arriving in
clouds of smoke before mustered
skaven hordes, or tearing their way
into reality through the screaming
form of an enemy champion. Their
egotism and showmanship are not
baseless, however,
for few foes can
match the speed and strength of
a Verminlord Warbringer when
its blood is up. Meanwhile, their
presence spreads a supernatural
fervour through their underlings.

Verminlord Deceivers, by
comparison, are subtle and secretive
killers whose daemonic might is
complemented by supernatural
stealth and skill. Closely associated
with the Clans Eshin, these half-
seen terrors move amidst clouds
of obfuscating shadow and speak
in ominous whispers, their every
utterance echoing thirteen times
over in a chorus of subtly differing
lies. When they strike, they burst
forth with blistering speed to slide
their warpstilettos through their
victims’ ribs, or fling their spinning
doomstars to lop off heads before
the fiendish weapons return to their
waiting talons.

SKREECH VERMINKING

Dark tales tell of a Verminlord like no other, a terror
by the name of Skreech Verminking. It is said this fell
being began as an entire Council of Thirteen, twelve
Lords of Decay snatched up by the Great Horned
Rat and cast into a shadowed oubliette. These were
the most devious, the most wicked and malevolent
council there has ever been. Their plots wound about
one another like twining rats’ tails, and their efforts
to undermine one another saw them scale new heights
of cunning and conquest. Then came a scheme unlike
any other, all twelve Lords of Decay clawpledging
to work as one until their great undertaking was
complete. Little could they know that their god heard
them make this vow, and the hideous fate it would
lead them to. Some versions of the legend claim the
council sought to gnaw away the void around the
Realm of Heavens and send it crashing down in
ruin. Others tell how the council pursued the secret
of immortality. Some even whisper that they were
fashioning a weapon that could ki l l gods, and that
the Horned Rat suspected his children of attempting

to slay and supplant him as they would one another.
Whatever the truth, their punishment was hideous.
Millennia trapped in a metaphysical prison, their
only nourishment the tattered remnants of failed
schemes, their only pastime an endless round of
recrimination and talon-pointing. When at last the
Horned Rat relented and plucked the Lords of Decay
from their prison, what emerged was not twelve
individual beings but a hideous amalgamation of
them all. Twisted and tail-locked, they were now one
squirming abomination that mutated further in the
Horned One’s grip until at last it arose as the mightiest
Verminlord of all time. So Skreech Verminking came
into being. He possessed every scrap of knowledge
ever accumulated by the skaven race, and the absolute
desire to see the Horned Rat reign supreme. Since
that day, Skreech Verminking has led the Shadow
Council in its machinations, unleashed terrible curses
and monstrous fates upon countless civilisations,
and commanded skaven swarms in battles that have
brought entire races to ruin. He is the left claw of the
Horned Rat, and he is doom to all who look upon him.


PAGEBREAK
A Verminlord Warbringer
strikes a conqueror’s pose, taunting
his enemies with his martial might even as he prepares to butcher
them for the glory of the Horned Rat.

Verminlord Corruptors are
demigods of the Clans Pestilens.
They are the daemonic avatars of the
Great Corruptor,
fonts of eldritch
ruination. Foulness runs through
their clotted veins,
lice teem in their
scabrous pelts, and their flesh reeks
of decay. Verminlord Corruptors
are fanatics, single-minded in the
spreading of disease and entropy.
They wield plaguereapers with
savage skill even as they vomit
geysers of rancid filth and chitter
dark prayers that unleash noxious
blights upon any unlucky enough to
be stood nearby.

Verminlord Warpseers are the most
inscrutable of their kind. They are
manipulators and schemers who
manifest to take command of skaven
swarms wherever it wi l l further their
labyrinthine plots. Their strength
lies in the arcane arts above all else;
these rat daemons are able to conjure
forth dark lightnings and unleash
withering curses upon their enemies
with every hissed syllable. The paths
of the future are also theirs to see,
for the Warpseers can summon
pulsating scry-orbs that reveal to
them all the secrets they wish to
know. In extremis, these orbs can
be flung as a weapon, detonating in
a cascade of fractured futures and
splintered possibilities that drives
the foe to madness and despair.


PAGEBREAK
Warlocks and Weapons of Skryre

WARLOCKS AND WEAPONS OF SKRYRE

The Clans Skr yre fight their battles using a mixture of dark sorcery and arcane engineering. The warlocks that
lead their covens go to battle festooned with bizarre contraptions for the channelling of magical energies, and
their potent wonder-weapons can blast gaping holes in the enemy battle line with every shot.

SKRYRE WARLOCKS

The warlocks of the Clans Skr yre
are the artificers of skaven society.
They blend arcane sorceries with
technology in an insane and
mind-boggling mix, using strange
contraptions like warp-power
accumulators and thaumognaw-
accelerators to channel the
magic of the realms into blasts of
dark lightning.

The greatest amongst their number –
those warlocks who have successfully
risen to control their clans through
politicking, assassination and shows
of force – are known as Arch-
Warlocks. While smaller Clans
Skr yre or expeditionary swarms may
be led by just one of these eldritch
beings, many clans are led by entire
mastercovens of them. Clad in
elaborate suits of warpstone-powered
armour,
these potent engineer-
warriors can unleash blasts of
sorcerous energy and roiling tongues
of warpflame from high-tech
projectors while their interlocking
brass plates protect them from harm.

There are many different schools of
engineering scattered throughout
the Clans Skr yre, with individual
warlocks choosing whatever
specialism they believe wi l l
best allow them to realise their
megalomaniacal ambitions while
putting paid to their rivals in
violent and explosive fashion. Many
become Warlock Engineers, whose
areas of construction and sorcery
are broad and varied. Skilled in
the creation of weapons of war and
the conjuring of warp lightning
through techno-sorcerous devices,
Warlock Engineers prefer to put
paid to their enemies at a distance.
When cornered and forced to fight,
however,
their crackling warp-
energy blades and potent warplock
pistols can make a bloody mess of
even the toughest foes.

Other warlocks become slowly more
obsessed with particular areas of
arcane death-dealing, from the

gas-jetting Warlock Fumigators to
the esoteric sciences of the Warlock
Shattertalons who guide the drill-
engines used to fashion gnawholes.

Warlock Bombardiers, meanwhile
become ever more fixated on
wreaking destruction with explosives
launched from afar. Alongside their
ability to channel and unleash warp
lightning, These skaven specialise
in long-ranged ballistic devastation.
Their favoured weapons are the
doomrockets that they build in their
precarious workshops.

A doomrocket consists of a long
brass pole fitted with a trigger and
warp-volt sparking mechanisms,
upon which is a affixed a sizeable
warhead. When the Warlock
Bombardier points his rocket in
the general direction of the foe and
squeezes the trigger, a shock of warp
lightning runs up the insulated pole
and sparks off the propellant in the
doomrocket’s base. There comes a
fiery roar as the doomrocket leaps
from its launcher and races through
the air, slamming into the ground
in the enemy’s midst to detonate
with a ferocious boom and blinding
green flash. When the smoke clears,
hideous devastation is revealed in
the explosion’s wake.

Different Warlock Bombardiers
prefer to fashion alternative types
of warheads for their weapon,
often dictated by their enginecoven
allegiance. Thus, those Bombardiers
belonging to Whyrlblade Threshik
tend towards flechette bombs,
while Gascloud Chokelung
Bombardiers create long-range
poisoned wind bombs, and those

of the Gautfyre Skorch fashion
warheads that explode in sprays of
corrosive warpfire.

SKRYRE ACOLYTES

While the warlocks form their
covens to rule over the Clans Skr yre,
the great mass of ratmen below
them are known as Acolytes. These
skaven scurr y in their masters’
shadows. They fetch, carry, tinker,
aid with experimentation and bully
slave gangs into running in their
wheels or ‘volunteering’
to test the
warlocks’ weapons.

Every Acolyte has a singular desire
– to rise to the rank of warlock
either through the favour of his
betters or by murdering one of
them and claiming their workshop
for his own. In the meantime, the
Acolytes fight for their clan by
donning heavy gas-hoods, robes and
goggles, shouldering gasp-breather
backpacks and taking to the field
armed with bandoliers of volatile
poisoned wind globes. These fragile
spheres of glass are filled with toxic
warpstone-derived fumes produced
by the warlocks in their laboratories
and named poisoned wind.

Poisoned wind globes are much
feared by the skaven’s
enemies,
for armour is no defence against
the seeping gas they release upon
shattering, and even thick cloth
hoods and rubberised seals quickly
break down beneath the corrosive
fume. Those who breathe poisoned
wind find their lungs filling with
fluid, their flesh breaking out in
agonising blisters and their eyes
dissolving and weeping from their
sockets. Death comes soon after, an
agonising dissolution as the victim
is eaten away from without and
within. Acolytes hurl volley after
volley of poisoned wind globes into
the enemy’s ranks and – barring
catastrophic mishaps with the fragile
and easily dropped spheres – can
rapidly annihilate even the most
resilient foes.


PAGEBREAK
DOOMWHEELS

Few devices sum up the crazed
ingenuity of the skaven better than
the infernal war engine known as the
Doomwheel. At first, the Doomwheel
might seem ludicrous to those who
have never seen one in battle. This
delusion is soon shattered as the war
engine ploughs into the enemy lines,
spitting bolts of coruscating warp
lightning while crushing ever ything
in its path to bloody paste.

Rats scampering on twin treadmills
inside an enormous wheel provide
the primary motive force of this
bizarre machine. This, in turn,
sparks the warpstone generator
that – if all goes well – discharges
bolts of lethal warp lightning. If the
green-black bolts that arc out from
the warp conduits do not slay the foe,
then it wi l l be up to the great iron-
banded wheel to crush all who dare
to stand in the Doomwheel’s path.
At the centre of the contraption sits a
Warlock Engineer pilot. Occupying
this mighty work of death-dealing
artifice leaves the warlock so fu l l of
bold reassurance that the otherwise
dubious courage of his race is, at
least partially, offset. Doubtless, the
wafting fumes from the warpstone
generator bolster the engineer’s
confidence as well.

Of course, there are always
‘technical challenges’ that make the
Doomwheel dangerously haphazard.
For instance, the rat propulsion
system of the Doomwheel might,
on occasion, produce results that
veer between mildly disappointing
and deeply lethargic. At the same
time, it is not uncommon for an
overstressed warpstone generator
to fire arcs of lightning at random,
or to simply detonate in spectacular
fashion. The Warlock Engineer
who pilots the Doomwheel also
has much to attend to – ensuring
that the warpstone generator is not
overloading, or goading the rats
of the propulsion system with a
shock-prod. Sometimes, steering
is a duty that must be temporarily
abandoned due to more immediate
concerns, and it is not uncommon to
see Doomwheels plough through a
pack or two of allies before they slam
into the enemy lines. Random, cruel
and undeserved death is nothing

new for the skaven, however, and so
long as Doomwheels continue to rip
through the foe’s
formations with
such breathtaking effectiveness, they
wi l l continue to be built.

WEAPON TEAMS

The Clans Skr yre churn out
mountains of materiel every
day, more weapons of war than
they could ever possibly wield
by themselves. A great many of
these are cumbersome weapons of
destruction intended to be borne by
a pair of skaven known as a weapon
team. Whether carried into battle
by dedicated Skr yre Acolytes or
sold to the other Great Clans to be
crewed by whichever overconfident
fools can be talked into the job, these
wonder-weapons can wreak horrible
devastation amongst the enemy – at
least until their inevitable, often
spectacular malfunction.

For ranged mass carnage, the
Warpfire Thrower and the Ratling
Gun are both extremely popular
weapons – at least with those
skaven not standing too close when
they’re fired. The former pipes a
warpstone-infused alchemical
solution from a sloshing tank into
a heavy nozzle, through which
it is sprayed in gouts across the
enemy. The viscous mix ignites
on contact with the air, bursting
into ferocious green-black flames

that scorch their victims to the
bone while the crew-rats squeal
with savage glee. Ratling Guns,
meanwhile, are multi-barrelled
whirling death-machines. Powered
by warp-steam and kicked into
gear by the frenzied working of a
hand-crank, the six barrels of the
Ratling Gun spin and whir, spitting
a fusillade of warpstone-laced bullets
that tear rank after rank of the foe
to bloody shreds. Overheating can
lead to an explosive misfire – always
a danger once the skaven crew begin
maniacally cranking and firing for
all they are worth – but the carnage
they cause first more than makes up
for this dubious instability.

The Doom-Flayer is a truly unsubtle
tool of slaughter. This motorised
metal ball of whirling blades was
originally developed for tunnel
clearance in subterranean warfare.
A warpstone generator powers
the contraption, with one lurking
skaven tending its temperamental
motor and keeping the Doom-Flayer
moving. The other crew-rat steers,
shrieking and cack ling maniacally
as his vehicle ploughs through the
enemy ranks amidst sprays of gore
and spills of viscera. Of course,
should the Doom-Flayer stall in the
midst of the foe, their vengeance is
often swift and bloody.

Strangest of all the commonly seen
weapon teams is the Warp-Grinder.
Originally intended as a device to
help the skaven tunnel more quickly,
this weapon’s warp-energy projector
pulverises compacted earth, rock
and even metal in a wide area,
leaving a narrow, smoking tunnel
in its wake. Though cave-ins and
meltdowns of the weapon are a
constant danger, groups of skaven
can scurr y along the tunnel
in the
Warp-Grinder’s wake and – with
some margin for user-error – burst
up from the ground to fall upon the
enemy’s undefended flank or rear.
The Warp-Grinder
is especially
popular with the Clans Eshin,
who use it to slip bands of Gutter
Runners into the enemy’s midst. It
doesn’t hurt that the Warp-Grinder
itself, while not primarily designed
for combat, can pulverise enemy
warriors and war engines as easily as
it does bedrock.


PAGEBREAK
WARP LIGHTNING
CANNONS

The Warp Lightning Cannon is a
contraption built by the fiendishly
clever Warlock Engineers of the
Arkhspark Voltik enginecovens, and
is powered by an enormous hunk
of warpstone. This war machine
generates an unearthly charge with
massive destructive potential, which
is directed along a rune-etched
barrel forged and enchanted to
channel
its fury.

When fired, the Warp Lightning
Cannon emits a sizzling ball of
warp energy. Any skaven near the
weapon at the time get a shock,
causing their fur to stand on end and
searing sickly green after-images
across their vision. The bolt arcs
groundwards, punching through
anything in its path and then
erupting in a crackling storm of
warp lightning. The shot travels too
quickly to follow, but its trail is easily
marked. Blackened corpses twitch in
its wake, and anything large enough
to fully interpose itself between
the bolt and its target is left with a
smouldering hole several feet wide
punched through it. Naturally, Warp
Lightning Cannons make excellent
siege weapons, for rare are the gates
or walls that can long absorb the
punishment these weapons can mete
out – at least so long as the crew-rats
do not overload their weapon and
blow themselves to smithereens.

STORMFIENDS

Rat Ogors are hulking beasts
stitched together out of component
parts harvested or grown by the
Clans Moulder. Purchased in
a still-gestative state from the
moulders by the Clans Skr yre, these
mindlessly violent war beasts are
biologically boosted with warpstone
serums and augmented with arcane
technologies to become something
truly abominable.

Larger still than a normal Rat Ogor
and boasting skin-fused armour
plates, Stormfiends are amongst the
most terrifying weapons to emerge
from Blight City. Furthermore,
Stormfiends overcome the greatest
weakness suffered by unaugmented
Rat Ogors – that of a very small

brain. This is achieved by the
gruesome expedient of suturing
atrophied ‘brain-skaven’ directly
to their backs. These vile beings are
fused to their monstrous charges
with wires and tubes, their own
bodies withering until they become
little more than auxi liar y minds
whose only purpose is to guide the
Stormfiends and direct their fury.

As if their phenomenal resilience,
vir tua l immunity to pain and
shield-crushing strength were
not enough, the Clans Skr yre
further arm Stormfiends with an
arsenal of spectacularly destructive
weaponry. This transforms them
into either walking ar ti l ler y pieces
or line-breaking assault units with
few equals. Moreover, directed
by their vestigial brain-rats, they
stomp forwards with beady-eyed
determination, holding to their
simple but destructive purpose no
matter the odds against them.

Stormfiends armed with ratling
cannons can lay down screaming
hails of hot warp-lead bullets that
reduce swathes of the enemy to
red mist in moments. Those with
warpfire projectors shoot torrents
of green-black flame over great
distances that dissolve anything they
come into contact with, while those
armed with windlaunchers hurl
poisoned wind grenades into the
foe’s midst, where the corrosive gases
they release swiftly render flesh and
metal alike into bubbling goo.

By comparison, Stormfiends with
doomflayer gauntlets annihilate
their enemies in hand-to-hand
combat with huge motorised iron
balls and arrays of whirring blades.

Those bearing shock gauntlets
are transformed into walking
lightning-generators,
lethal energies
arcing off them in all directions to
annihilate anyone luckless enough
to be stood nearby. Then there are
the grinderfists, which combine
the ability to tunnel through the
bedrock of the battlefield and
attack from unexpected quarters
with the capacity to churn through
armour, flesh and bone with
hideous efficiency.

WARPLOCK JEZZAILS

Warplock Jezzails are long-barrelled
rifles that require a two-skaven
team to load and fire, and loose
high-velocity rounds made of
refined warpstone that strike with
enough force to punch through
even sigmarite plate. The glowing
warp-bullets leave vivid green trails
as they rip through the air, and
impact with a deafening and highly
distinctive crack. Victims struck by
jezzail fire are smashed off their feet
as though hit by a wrecking ball.

Jezzails are popular weapons within
skavendom amongst hired killers,
for they allow their wielder to strike
quickly,
from a great distance and
without their target knowing the
danger until it is too late. Of course,
not every target has the good grace
to die from a single shot – protective
warding,
inhuman resilience,
inconvenient crosswinds or simple
inaccuracy by the highly strung
skaven marksmen can lead to the
jezzail teams coming under attack
from their erstwhile victims. To this
end, each jezzail is equipped with a
bulky pavise designed to protect the
weapon’s operators from return fire.

Lightweight in comparison to the
equipment carried by other weapon
teams, quick to relocate and easy
to maintain, Warplock Jezzails are
favoured by the Clans Eshin, and
by those Skr yre forces making war
amidst ruined forts and settlements.
Many an enemy hero has been felled
by a sudden volley from a leaning
spire or crumbling belfry, and when
deployed atop commanding vantage
points, these weapons can turn
entire regions of any battlefield into
lethal no-go zones for the foe.


PAGEBREAK
THE FLESHSCORCHERS

Skr yre Clan Krakh l are amongst the most prolific
wielders of warpfire as a weapon in battle. Their lurid
green livery is forever singed at the edges, their fur
burned away in blackened patches and their flesh
stained with soot and ash. Many skaven of this clan
are badly disfigured by warpfire burns, some even
showing bare bone through their ravaged flesh. Yet
nothing stays their pyromania. Infamous amongst
the ranks of Clan Krakh l are the Fleshscorchers, a
sub-cult of engineers driven to bear warpfire throwers

into battle and there douse their enemies in glowing
flame. Most Warlock Engineers wouldn’t risk standing
within thirteen paces of an active warpfire thrower,
yet the Fleshscorchers tinker constantly with their
unstable gear to maximise its output – even in
the heat of battle – and insist on unleashing their
weapons’
fur y in person. Such is his arrogance that
each engineer believes himself too skilled to fall foul
of mechanical malfunction, and each is sure that
he wi l l be the one to build and unleash the ultimate
warpfire thrower.


PAGEBREAK
Devotees of Pestilens

DEVOTEES OF PESTILENS

The Clans Pestilens are the most overtly religious of all the Children of the Horned Rat. They are deranged zealots
whose swarms rely upon numbers and ferocity, coupled with the deleterious effects of their weaponised plagues, to
rapidly wear their enemies down before a last headlong charge sees them annihilated wholesale.

PLAGUE PRIESTS

Plague Priests are the fanatical
leaders of the Churches of
Contagion. Entire conclaves of these
rancid beings rule over each of the
Clans Pestilens, maintaining their
tenuous grip on power through
zealotry, cunning and outright
violence. They wield warpstone-
tipped staves that rot all they touch,
or foul plague censers that belch
clouds of diseased smog across the
enemy, and can spit forth the words
of pestilent prayers that reduce
the foe to plague-riddled corpses
in moments.

The Plague Priests of the Horned
Rat are frothing lunatics, ranting
preachers of the Withered Word
and true believers in the Great
Corruptor. These diseased fanatics
are unusual
in skaven terms for
their propensity to lead from the
front. They hack, claw and bite their
way through their enemies while
screeching prayers that conjure
unholy miracles or blessings of foetid
filth. Some Plague Priests fight in
this seemingly courageous fashion
because their sanity is so eroded
that they do not recognise their own
danger. Most simply seek to win the
Horned Rat’s favour, and wi l l gladly
use their underlings as living shields
at the first sign of real peril.

To the Plague Priests, winning their
verminous god’s blessing is their
main goal, for it is vital in their
climb towards ever greater power.
Even the smallest Clans Pestilens
are led by several competing Plague
Priests. The largest have hundreds,
even thousands of these vile beings
to drive their swarms into battle,
and to lead the devoted chitterings
of their congregations in praise of
the Great Corruptor. The internal
hierarchies of these priesthoods are
convoluted in the extreme, but all
hinge around violence and fear.

The Plague Priests within any given
clan vie constantly for dominance,
and wi l l resort to any act of bribery,

coercion or back-stabbing to rise
above their rivals. A common tactic
employed by the priests of Pestilens
is inventing new and ever-more-
important-sounding titles for
themselves. These names are tied to
the priests’ duties within the church,
and are ridiculously overblown;
names such as the Most-blessed
Master of the Chittering Chant or
the Arch-Squealer of the Followers
of the Furnace impress dull minds –
reason enough to tear the throat out
of anyone foolish enough to laugh
at them.

All Plague Priests have at least some
ability in brewing the plagues and
toxic concoctions that their clan
uses against their foes in battle. The
true masters of this art command
heightened levels of fearful respect
from their peers, using their great
bubbling vats to create diseases and
poxes so contagious and foul that
they can devastate entire armies.
It is these diabolically talented
architects who attend the Foulrain
Congregations in battle, working
dark blessings upon the Plagueclaw
catapult batteries to ensure their
absolute lethality.

PLAGUE MONKS

Diseased devotees of the Horned
Rat, Plague Monks form the heart
of the seething hordes of the Clans
Pestilens swarms. Though inherently
cowardly like the rest of their race,
the Plague Monks’ zealotry makes

them brave and extremely dangerous
in large numbers.

Congregations of Plague Monks spill
across the battlefield in a hideous
tide. Ragged, robed figures scrabble
over and around one another in
their eagerness to sink their fangs
into flesh. A rank odour heralds this
horrific onslaught, while the squeals
and gurgled chanting of the Plague
Monks presage a hideous death for
their foes. Weird religious trappings
clang and flap in the winds of battle,
scrolls nailed directly into sloughing
flesh and unholy icons brandished
aloft. As the Plague Monks crash
into the enemy lines, their madness
only intensifies. Their numbers alone
are enough to blunt enemy attacks
and overrun defences, while the
unnaturally virulent diseases they
bring cause enemies to sicken and
die in droves.

The weapons these fanatics wield are
vectors of plague in their own right.
They brandish rusted cleavers and
jagged, splintered knives that drip
poisonous concoctions, and their
fangs and talons are coated with
layers of noxious filth. A mere nick
or scratch from such a weapon is
enough to cause rampant infection
to take hold, meaning that those
who survive battle with the Clans
Pestilens soon shrivel and die if
they have suffered even the most
superficial of wounds.

Even worse are the arcane weapons
of the Bringers-of-the-Word. These
spiteful and ambitious beings are the
aspirant underlings of the Plague
Priests themselves, each attaching
himself to the tail of whichever priest
he believes can expedite his climb to
power. Bringers-of-the-Word further
their priestly masters’ agendas and
are rewarded for their efforts with
potent plague scrolls and Books
of Woes. When the crabbed and
squirming characters of these texts
are read aloud they cause the air to
curdle, reality to sour and the enemy
to rot where they stand.


PAGEBREAK
The battle madness of the Plague
Monks not only makes them deadly
aggressors, but also lends them
a frightening resilience. Beneath
their rotting robes and filth-matted
pelts, the zealots’ hides have been
rendered leathery and tough by the
cornucopia of diseases they have
willing ly subjected themselves to.
Nerve endings are rotted, or dulled
through leprous degeneration. In
this way a Plague Monk may easily
shrug off even the most agonising
pain, at least until they realise the
severity of their wounds and their
overdeveloped skaven instinct for
self-preservation kicks in.

What Plague Monks lack in cunning
and guile they more than make up
for with blind religious fervour.
Compared to most skaven, the
warriors of the Clans Pestilens are
positively daring. They exhibit a
surprising lack of cowardice in the
face of battle, danger or sudden loud
noises. This is a blessing for all, as
when a Plague Monk’s glands do let
go, their curdled musk of fear has a
particularly offensive stench that has
been known to make even Rat Ogors
baulk. They are still skaven at heart
though, and should battle begin to
turn against the hordes of the Clans
Pestilens, they wi l l cut and run just
as quickly as their less feculent kin.

PLAGUE CENSER BEARERS

Plague Censer Bearers are the most
deranged and devoted practitioners
of their unhinged faith. Wielding
fuming flails, these hallucinating
lunatics scamper madly into battle
and cause untold damage before
meeting their end.

The billowing fog that rolls from the
censers of the Plague Censer Bearers
is inimical to life. Before battle, each
large brass censer is carefully filled
with noxious concoctions of the
Plague Priests’ devising. Whether
it be pus-soaked incense of pallid
rotshade, the disease-bloated hearts
of butchered, plague-riddled corpses,
thrice-cursed ashes from a victim
of a Great Plague or some other fell
mixture, the end result is the same.
Soaked in warpstone-infused oil
and set alight, the contents of the
censers belch noxious gases. These
blister flesh, corrode metal and
cause organs and joints to swell with
rancid fluids.

Plague Monks are significantly
more resistant to these fumes than
other,
less corrupt forms of life, but
even they wi l l eventually dissolve
and die amidst the smog. It is for
this reason that only the most

deluded or unfortunate amongst the
teeming ranks of the Clans Pestilens
find themselves wielding plague
censers. Some, those with rotgrubs
riddling their brains or frothblight
flowing through their arteries, see
becoming a Plague Censer Bearer
as a true blessing. To such beings,
the corrosive vapours emitted by
the plague censers only intensify
their already feverish hallucinations
and strengthen their convictions
that the Second Great Withering
is underway.

For the majority,
though, there is
some reticence, at least until the
plague fumes cloud their minds
and drive them into an insensible
ki l ling frenzy. Such wretches are
likely to be selected by the Plague
Priests from amongst those up-and-
coming brethren who might soon
become rivals. Set upon by gangs of
their peers, these Plague Monks are
knocked unconscious, only to wake
upon the battlefield with plague
censers chained to their handclaws.
Others are captives and slaves from
different clans, swaddled in filth-
caked robes and given the choice
between wielding the censer or being
used as ingredients for the vile brew
inside it.

However they came to be, once
the fumes take hold and the battle
is at hand, the Plague Censer
Bearers become whirling, slavering
dervishes. They charge into the
enemy lines with no thought for
their own safety,
ignoring whistling
bolts or coruscating blasts of magic
as they scurr y madly across the
battlefield to bludgeon and ki l l with
their horrific weapons.

SEPSKRIK THE FOUL

The Verminlord Corruptor known as Sepskrik the Foul has been responsible for the outbreaks
of some of the most horrific plagues in the history of the Mortal Realms. It was he who
introduced the Crimsonweal Curse to the fountains of the Glittering City, and who set
loose the Grey Shrivelling amid the Everwoods of High Sephardia. Sepskrik is known
as the Foul for his pestilent stench and for the living carpet of parasites that seethes
over his fur. Yet even though the Verminlord’s
very presence leaves greasy trails of
dark corruption on ever ything he touches, the daemon is actually a fastidious and
obsessive collector of the very finest plague ingredients. Hagwolf teeth must be polished
to a fine sheen, rotwater must retain the perfect porridgy consistency, while troggoth
warts must be shrivelled to just the right size. The daemon’s
strange lair is a clinking,
creaking repository of alembic jars beyond count, within which float myriad horrors gathered
from across the realms, horrors that he has slain entire armies to possess.


PAGEBREAK
PLAGUE FURNACES

The war engines of the Clans
Pestilens are more than just
weapons; they are the befouled altars
at which the Virulent Processions
worship, mobile fanes of corruption
towards which the Plague Monks
direct their devotions. This is most
true of the fearsome constructs
known as Plague Furnaces.

Plague Furnaces are huge wheeled
carriages of rotting wood and
rusting metal, heaved into battle by
teeming hordes of Plague Monks.
Their sheer bulk is deadly in its own
right, and many foes are crushed
beneath their grinding wheels as the
engines are driven forwards. Yet
the
mass of the Plague Furnace is but the
least of the many reasons why the
Clans Pestilens’ enemies should fear
these foul creations.

Each Plague Furnace is ridden to
war by a Plague Priest, who uses the
furnace as a moving pulpit from
which to call down foul curses on
the foe and dark blessings upon his
allies. Some of the most virulent
blights known to the Plague Priests
of the Clans Pestilens can only be
summoned beneath the pulsating
light from a Plague Furnace’s
runes,
and the efficacy of the contagions
that the priests unleash is said to be
magnified by the Great Corruptor
when they are evoked from the
platform of such a rolling shrine.

More dangerous still is the great
censer at the Plague Furnace’s
heart. Chunks of raw warpstone are
saturated with mixtures of diseased
foulness and piled into this massive
sphere before being doused with
rancid alchemical fluids and set
aflame. The resultant toxic smoke
billows outwards in waves that drive
the devotees of the Clans Pestilens
into an ecstatic frenzy even as they
cause rapid decomposition and
outbreaks of plague amongst the foe.

These enormous censers are swung
back and forth by means of chains
that are tugged upon by packs of
claw-chosen Plague Monks. The
monks are lent crazed strength by
their zeal, coupled with inhalation
of the censer’s fumes. Working
together,
they swing the giant

spiked sphere back and forth in an
ever more aggressive rhythm until
its momentum is unstoppable and
every swing emits a low, throaty
roar. When the Plague Furnace
draws near enough to the foe,
the Plague Monks can send the
censer rattling forward like a giant
wrecking ball to smash down onto a
packed regiment, crush a monstrous
opponent or shatter fortress gates
with a single blow. This motion
also sends lethal clouds of plague-
smog rolling outwards, engulfing
the shell-shocked survivors of the
censer’s impact in ki l ling vapours. So
does the Plague Furnace shatter the
heart of enemy battle lines, or bring
down the walls of their fastnesses
and leave nothing but suppurating
corpses in the path of the onrushing
skaven hordes.

PLAGUECLAWS

Rotten wood creaks as the throwing
arm of the Plagueclaw catapult is
cranked slowly back until it strains
near to breaking point. Only then
are the plagues of the Clans Pestilens
loaded into the weapon’s claw,
the
diseases mixed into a rank sludge
composed of decaying organic
matter and foul effluvia that bubbles
and hisses ominously. A single
wrench upon a rusted leaver and
the vile brew is hurled high into the
air before raining down upon the
enemy, where it spreads fast-acting
and withering contagions to all those
it does not immediately dissolve
into flesh-slurry.

Rolling at the rear of each pestilent
procession, the silhouettes of these
rotwood catapults resemble sinister
gallows or some species of ghastly

stalking insect. They creak forward
on mouldering wooden wheels,
heaved into position where they
can overlook the battlefield like the
spectre of death come to rain misery
and decay upon the foe.

Plagueclaws are seen by the Clans
Pestilens as divine instruments of
the Horned Rat’s will, the devices by
which he bestows pestilence upon
the worthy and the unworthy alike.
They are potent vectors for plagues
so incredibly lethal that they spread
like wildfire through armies in the
field, fortress garrisons and city
populations alike.

The Plague Priests make a great
show of calling down the Great
Corruptor’s blessings upon the
cauldrons in which Plagueclaw
ammunition is brewed, for to
them the act of firing the weapons’
payloads into the foe is a ritual of
dark baptism that can end battles
before they begin and bring sieges to
a swift and horrific conclusion. Into
the Plagueclaws are ladled the most
infectious brews the Plague Priests
can conjure and even – on occasions
of great moment – precious doses
of one or more of the Great Plagues
that may be used to infect whole
nations from the catalyst of a
single battlefield.

Whether lofting their shots high
over castle walls or into the midst of
a heaving melee, accuracy is of little
concern to the Plagueclaw crews.
The weapons need only drop their
ammunition in the general vicinity
of their victims in order to begin an
epidemic amongst their ranks. And
if a few friendly warriors are caught
amidst the splattering salvoes?
Well,
then those Plague Monks are
especially blessed!

It is also seen as a great honour to
crew a Plagueclaw, and not only
because it allows a skaven to attack
his foes from a nice safe remove.
Many Plague Monks believe that
those who crew these weapons
become so saturated with filth
that, upon their inevitable and
unpleasantly messy deaths from
exposure to irresistible plagues, they
pass through the veil to become one
with the Great Corruptor.


PAGEBREAK
THE FERVID FANG

The Plague Monks of the Fervid Fang fought in many
great battles during the War of Life. They surged
against the walls of the greenhold of Yillith and
hacked their way through the bladebowers to devour
the Sylvaneth soulpods beyond. They fought alongside,
and then – once their duplicitous trap was sprung –
against the Rotbringer Cysts of Lord Gortulpus the
Thrice-spattered. They even followed the cloven hoof-
tread of the Verminlord Corruptor Threxiphane the
Malignificant, all the way up the Vinecoil and through

the spore-storms to tear the beating heart from the
Jade Kingdom of Eyshir. Normally, such a history
of endless slaughter would have seen a clawpack of
Plague Monks annihilated, yet the Fervid Fang are
infected with a rare strain of groansplice pox – no
matter what violence is done to them, so long as their
festering hearts are not destroyed these Plague Monks
wi l l slowly – and revoltingly – regrow and regenerate
their ravaged flesh. This process of foul rebirth has left
the Fervid Fang raving mad, for it is agonising and
hideous, yet still they fight on.


PAGEBREAK
Warriors of Verminus

WARRIORS OF VERMINUS

Where other Great Clans base their power upon twisted ingenuity or strange arts of war, the Clans Verminus rely
upon sheer numbers. It is a strategy that has served them well, as attested by their warriors’ presence in the vast
majority of skaven swarms, and the trail of enemies they have left as nothing more than gnawed bones.

CLAWLORDS

In battle, Clawlords fight with the
same merciless and underhanded
savagery with which they have
climbed the rungs of skaven society,
seizing upon the slightest advantage
that may offer victory. Though
swaggering and toweringly arrogant,
Verminus Clawlords share – perhaps
even epitomise – their race’s
instinct
for self-preservation; they wi l l not
think twice about stooping to any
depths in order to murder their foes
while remaining alive themselves.
Whether it be blowing warpstone
dust into an enemy’s eyes to blind
them, hurling a hapless lackey into
their foe’s path, dropping a massive
stalactite on their opponent or any
number of other devious tactics; if it
wins the fight, a Clawlord wi l l tr y it
in a heartbeat.

The status of Clawlord is not
something that a skaven works
towards and earns, but rather
something that is seized in a bloody
instant. Rivals must be butchered
without mercy. Some would-be
Clawlords arrange unfortunate
accidents for their opponents;
whether they are crushed by
a collapsing tunnel, carelessly
impale themselves upon a clawful
of throwing daggers, succumb to
mysteriously poisoned meat, find
themselves on the wrong end of
a misfiring warpfire thrower or
whatever else, death can come
suddenly and with a remarkable
sense of timing.

Other aspirants are less subtle,
calling out their rivals amidst much
snarling and baring of chisel-like
incisors, overcoming them in
bloody one-on-one combat and
then devouring their corpses in
front of their horrified underlings.
However they come to power, the
real battle for a Clawlord is holding
onto it. Manipulation,
the ability to
set rivals against one another and
retaining the loyalty of those who
would murder him in a heartbeat are
all skills a Clawlord must possess if

he wishes to survive. Any threats to
a leader’s position must be ruthlessly
countered, and no effort is spared
in eliminating potential usurpers.
Meanwhile, conquests and victories
must be constantly accrued if a
Clawlord wishes to minimise the
muttering of detractors. Many in
skavendom believe this is one of the
main reasons the Clans Verminus
are so perpetually aggressive –
the Clawlords always need new
trophies, and wi l l spend as many of
their fellows’
lives as they must to
acquire them.

CLANRATS

The main body of many skaven
swarms is formed of Clanrats – the
vast and flea-bitten hordes of ratmen
that make up the bulk of the Clans
Verminus.
In all the underground
burrows, strongholds and teeming
cavern-cities that constitute the
Under-Empire, only the worker
dregs and slaves are more numerous.

Individually, Clanrats are not
natural warriors. Their weapons
and armour are typically rusty and
poorly maintained, often scavenged
from fallen or murdered comrades.
They are ill-disciplined, cowardly
and prone to infighting. However,
Clanrats are fast and vicious,
and when they gather in large
numbers they become exponentially
more dangerous.

Sweeping forward in seething
hordes, the Clanrats overwhelm
their enemies, biting, stabbing,
screeching, squirting the musk
of fear and trampling their own
fallen beneath their bloody claws.
Hundreds of Clanrats inevitably
fall in any determined assault, but
this just means more rivals slain
and better scavenging rights for the
survivors. It also ensures a ready
source of food – so hyperactive are
the metabolisms of skaven that, after
sufficiently frantic exertion, they
succumb to a ravenous mania known
as the black hunger. Once pushed to

this near-mindless state, they must
either consume sufficient flesh to sate
themselves, or else perish as they
are gnawed away from within. Thus
the fallen of both sides soon become
naught but meat for the sur viving
Clanrats come battle’s end.

STORMVERMIN

The Stormvermin are the fighting
elite of the Clans Verminus. They are
distinguishable from their scrawnier
litter-mates, often standing a fu l l
head taller, with thick, muscular
necks and a powerful build. They
are marked from birth by their
stature, their dark-hued fur and their
willingness to savagely dominate the
lesser skaven around them.

Stormvermin clawpacks are
outfitted with the best gear of war
in their clan’s armoury. Their duties
may include forming a retinue or
bodyguard for Clawlords, standing
sentry over crucial clan assets –
armouries, food stores, breeder pens
and the like – or being deployed as
vanguard line-breakers, enforcers
and shock troops.

In return, Stormvermin revel in their
favoured status, reserving the right
to feed first upon the fallen from
battle – or any insolent enough to
attempt to do so before them – and
being assigned their own slaves and
warrens to lord over.

The services of Stormvermin are
often bought by other clans who
value their muscle and sheer
savagery. They are especially popular
as bodyguards, with every ratman
of rank, from Grey Seers to Master
Moulders to Arch-Warlocks, hiring
their own pack of arrogant, bullying
Stormvermin to show off their might
and importance. Of course, such
Stormvermin may well remain loyal
to the Verminus clan of their birth,
and more than one preening skaven
dignitar y has met their end skewered
upon or hacked to pieces by the
blades of their bodyguards’ halberds.


PAGEBREAK
HAKKRIT ’S FORGEFANGS

Though they have war-warrens dotted throughout
skavendom – not least amidst the endless sprawl
of Blight City itself – the ultimate stronghold of
the mighty Verminus Clan Fang can be found in
Chamon. Above the Quenched Lands in Odrenn rises
a mountain known as Gildpeak, and there, amidst the
ruins of Karak-a-Zaruk, the burrows of Clan Fang
proliferate. With hired help from the Clans Skr yre,
Lord Hakkrit has been able to breathe a corrupted
form of life into the ancient duardin forges of that

once-noble stronghold, and it is with the aid of tainted
rune-magics that he has created his Forgefangs.
This band of elite Stormvermin wear heavy armour
engraved with jagged skaven runes of spite, and their
blades glow with ensorcelled power. Green sparks fly
as the Forgefangs duel with their enemies, each strike
and counter-strike loosing arcs of warp lightning
that blast the enemy to cinders. Strutting at the head
of this scorched and arrogant bodyguard, Clawlord
Hakkrit carves down all who dare to stand in his
magnificent path.


PAGEBREAK
Monsters of Moulder

MONSTERS OF MOULDER

Flesh-twisters and monster-makers beyond compare, the Clans Moulder are ghoulish beastmasters whose power
stems from the grotesque living weapons that crawl from their spawning pits. With lash and goad do their
Packmasters drive their verminous monsters into battle, then delight in watching them tear the enemy to shreds.

MASTER MOULDERS

Deranged experts in beast breeding
and warpstone-triggered mutation,
the Master Moulders hold absolute
power over their clans. Brutish,
conniving and vicious, they have
come to resemble the very monsters
they create. Many have been mutated
by constant exposure to warpstone,
or in some cases even self-
experimentation. They boast bulked-
up musculatures, additional
limbs,
monstrous visages and ferocious
metabolisms that require them
to constantly devour living flesh.
Master Moulders wield whistling
lashes and huge, spring-loaded pole
arms known as things-catchers in

battle, but their real weapons are the
monstrous creatures that they raise
and unleash upon the foe.

PACKMASTERS

The mutated fighting beasts made
by the Clans Moulder are driven
into battle by Packmasters. These
cruel skaven are experts at goading
their ferocious charges into battle,
ensuring that the beasts are
sufficiently riled when they reach
the foe’s
lines. Packmasters ply their
whips and things-catchers with
savage skill, for any who fail to do so
are soon devoured by the beasts they
seek to master.

The notorious Fiendmongers of Clan Snirk are a band of Packmasters
who well understand the value of psychological war fare. The beasts
they breed are amongst the ghastliest of all Moulder’s
creations.

WAR RATS

Rats of every size are unleashed by
the Clans Moulder. The smallest flow
across the battlefield in huge and
voracious swarms. The larger beasts,
some reaching the size of hunting
hounds,
launch themselves at the
enemy in waves and can drag down
even the most accomplished warriors
through sheer weight of numbers.

RAT OGORS

These hulking monsters are arguably
the Clans Moulder’s most successful
breed of war beast. Horrific
fusions of skaven and ogor, they
are stitched, melded and – in some
cases – vat grown through a mixture
of cryptosurgery and sorcery.
Warpstone balms make obscene
fusions of normally incompatible
anatomies possible, and forge hugely
muscled, rabidly ferocious and
extremely stupid monsters. Driven
into battle at the head of Moulder
swarms or sold off to other clans
for obscene prices, these berserk
monstrosities rip through the enemy
ranks in sprays of blood and viscera,
and can break entire enemy armies
with their fury.

HELL PIT ABOMINATIONS

The Hell Pit Abomination is a
living mountain of misshapen
flesh, the product of warpstone-
fuelled grafting of many monstrous
beasts into a single unholy whole.
The creature moves in a revolting,
undulating motion, its myriad limbs
clawing and dragging, its wheeled
carriage groaning under the strain
of its bloated, stinking flesh. It
hunts by scent, sound and vibration,
slither-shambling as quickly as it can
towards its prey. Those who do not
flee in terror find themselves facing
a looming mass of scabrous muscle
and blubber that rears high before
slamming down to crush them flat.
Maws snap, talons lash, bludgeons
pulverise, and another mound
of mangled corpses is left in the
Abomination’s wake.


PAGEBREAK
Agents of Eshin

AGENTS OF ESHIN

Stealth, misdirection and a sudden, agonising death – these are the hallmarks of Eshin. Their clans lurk in the
shadows and hire themselves out as spies and assassins. Yet they have their own warriors, their own weapons and
ways of war, and their numbers are far greater than even their most paranoid rivals might dread.

DEATHMASTERS

Though the true masters of the
Clans Eshin rarely emerge from the
Realm of Shadow, all of skavendom
know to fear their strong left claws,
the Deathmasters. Little is known
about these elite agents beyond
rumour and fear. It is said that
they can slither through cracks no
wider than a hair,
that their very
shadows are poisonous, and that
they can communicate silently with
one another within their minds.
Certainly, their mastery of the arts
of swift and stealthy murder are
remarkable. Deathmasters can leap
many times their own height, can
run along vertical surfaces, and duck
and weave so fast that even the most
skilled warriors find it impossible
to land a telling blow on them. They
can detect and identify venoms
by smell alone, catch hurtling
projectiles out of thin air, and are
as deadly with their bare claws as
most veteran killers are with their
favourite weapon.

Of course, Deathmasters do
not practise unarmed combat
exclusively. A bewildering array of
blades, throwing weapons, poisons,
explosives and more esoteric tools
are theirs to wield as they see fit.
Arson, sabotage, assassination and
misdirection – all lie within their
remit. The Clans Eshin entrust their
Deathmasters with almost complete
autonomy when it comes to the
manner in which they complete
their secretive missions, and these
clandestine skaven are all the more
effective for it.

GUTTER RUNNERS

The Gutter Runners form the black-
clad death squads of the Clans Eshin.
Having proven themselves amongst
the ranks of the Night Runners, they
are claw-picked by their masters
to be initiated into the deeper
mysteries of Eshin. Alone amongst
the Great Clans, a skaven must
earn the right to progress through
the Eshin ranks. This does not stop

countless aspirants from tr ying to
trick or murder their way to the top,
of course, but such fools are rarely
heard from again.

Gutter Runners are adept at both
armed and unarmed combat. They
serve as scouts and saboteurs,
often softening up the enemy
before battle begins by spiking
guns, murdering key personnel,
stealing plans, poisoning rations
and otherwise causing mayhem.
Once the real fight begins, they slip
through the carnage like half-seen
ghasts, striking wherever the foe is
weakest before fading away to attack
again elsewhere.

NIGHT RUNNERS

Night Runners make up the bulk of
the Clans Eshin. They slink furtively
around their enemies’ flanks and
encircle their rear before striking
with vicious aggression. Night
Runners hurl volleys of throwing
stars and sling-stones to panic and
weaken the foe, then fall upon them
with fangs and flashing blades.
Wherever possible, they aim for their
targets’ vulnerable spots, seeking
to do as much damage as they can
as quickly as they can. If they do
not swiftly overrun their enemies
the Night Runners wi l l scurr y
away, ready to strike again from
another angle.

The Thirteenth Blade is a Slinktalon belonging to Eshin Clan Stryk.
Each skaven must brew and then prove the lethality of a unique poison
for his blades in order to earn a place in their ranks.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Delving for secrets of the past, the Kharadron Overlords break open an ancient karak. Instead of
riches, they are confronted by a seething tide of murderous skaven boiling up from the depths.


PAGEBREAK
COLOURS OF RUIN

COLOURS OF RUIN

From crack ling warp lightning and gleaming fangs, to the sheer number of verminous foot soldiers flooding the
battlefield, skaven swarms are as impressive as they are fearsome. Here we present a showcase of skaven Citadel
Miniatures expertly painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Taking up a commanding position at the hear t of his swarm, a Clawlord shrieks orders at his teeming underlings. In the
shadows around him, the agents of the Masterclan watch with glee as their twisted agendas are fulfilled.


PAGEBREAK
Grey Seer

Clawlord

Warlock Bombardier

Grey Seer Thanquol on Boneripper


PAGEBREAK
A Grey Seer summons the Bell of Doom to spread terror through the Beastclaw Raiders’

lines.


PAGEBREAK
Plague Censer Bearer

Plague Priest

Plague Monk

Bringer-of-the-Word

Contagion Banner Bearer

Plagueclaw


PAGEBREAK
Plague Priest on Plague Furnace


PAGEBREAK
A Verminlord Corruptor leads the Clans Pestilens in a frenzied charge against the Fyreslayers.


PAGEBREAK
A Warlock Bombardier watches from a lofty perch as his swarm scurries out to war.

Doomwheel


PAGEBREAK
Skryre Acolyte

Arch-Warlock

Warp-Grinder

The Clans Skryre battle the Kharadron Overlords in the fume-filled depths.


PAGEBREAK
Warp Lightning Cannon


PAGEBREAK
Stormfiend with Grinderfists

Stormfiend with Doomflayer Gauntlets and
Warpstone-laced Armour


PAGEBREAK
An Eshin Deathmaster lurks upon a high platform, poised to eliminate the luckless foes passing below.

A Verminlord Deceiver bursts from the shadows to strike down a Lord-Arcanum.


PAGEBREAK
Clanrat of Verminus
Clan Fang

Clanrat hired by Eshin
Clan Stryk

Clanrat hired by
Moulder Clan Dregg

Clanrat hired by
Pestilens Clan Vomikrit

Clanrat of Verminus
Clan Stabbik

Stormvermin of Verminus
Clan Skarrik

Stormvermin hired by
Moulder Clan Threbb

Stormvermin hired by Eshin
Clan Nichtus

Stormvermin hired by
Moulder Clan Ghrubbitus

A Clawlord of Clan Morskrit exhor ts his warriors into battle from a vantage point well out of harm’s way.

A Master Moulder of Clan Dregg drives his Rat Ogors towards the enemy.


PAGEBREAK
THE FELLTALON
SWARM

THE FELLTALON SWARM

Whether they be anarchic assemblages of war engines and horrific monsters, or vast hordes consisting of clawpack
after clawpack of infantry, skaven armies are always fearsome and impressive. There are many ways to collect a
swarm; this spread offers just one example of how to muster the Children of the Horned Rat for war.

This imposing skaven swarm
represents an army of the Clans
Verminus, supported by copious
hireling assets from the Clans
Moulder and Skr yre, all manipulated
and driven on by the devious agents
of the Masterclan. At its head
stalks the terrifying form of the
Verminlord Warpseer Skrivezzyk, of
whom all other skaven in the army
live in fear. The swarm’s general and
Verminus warleader is Clawlord
Skrakh, who is advised – usually
against his wi l l – by the devious Grey
Seer Hyskrik, who rides to war atop
his Screaming Bell.

A conclave of Skr yre warlocks
leads their own portion of the force
into battle, with Arch-Warlock
Sparkgnaw lording it over Warlock
Engineer Thryk and Warlock
Bombardier Thraskus. The beast
packs of Moulder, meanwhile, are
driven into battle by the lash of
Master Moulder Stitchgut.

Though they spend much of their
time back-stabbing, baiting and
politicking against one another,
these vicious and ambitious leaders
hold the swarm together and direct it
with lethal effect against the foe.

the

The core of Skrakh’s
swarm
comprises three clawpacks of
Clanrats – the Fang-gougers,
Masterful Things-Slayers and
Retchfang’s Conquerors – and two
sizeable clawpacks of Stormvermin:
Bladeclaw’s Much-Fearsome
Warbringers and Skartail’s Kill-Kill
Verminguard. The sheer massed
numbers of these infantr y units
are enough to overrun the enemy’s
battle line, or at the least pin the
foe in place while the army’s more
powerful elements manoeuvre into
position. After all, every one of these
skaven warriors is expendable…


PAGEBREAK
Ser ving to keep their bestial
creations in line, a small group of
Packmasters goads vicious Giant
Rats into battle on the army’s flank.
Skr yre Acolytes scurr y around
the other, the self-titled Gas-
choke Lungflayers hurling their
poisoned wind globes at targets of
opportunity. Meanwhile, a great
menagerie of twisted Moulder beasts
ploughs directly into the foe; Rat
Swarms scrabble up legs and sink
chisel fangs into exposed flesh, right
before bellowing Rat Ogors smash
a bloody path through the enemy's
ranks. Worse follows, the ground
shuddering as the vast form of the
Hell Pit Abomination known simply
as the Maw-Terror squirms and
rends its way through the shell-
shocked survivors,
leaving nothing
but the gory ruin of its crushed
victims in its wake.

Not to be outdone, the Skr yre
Jezzail teams of the Long-Far Kill-
Slayers unleash volley after volley
of warpstone shot. Panic spreads
as ever more warriors are cut
down, and then the Stormfiends hit
home; two lumbering clawpacks,
the Rattle-Rip Beasts and Thryk’s
Verminous Onslaught, blast and
smash ever ything before them,
laying waste to massed enemy
regiments and monstrous opponents
with equal ease.

One more, mighty figure looms at
the heart of this swarm. Did Grey
Seer Thanquol muster this force? Is
he, in fact, its true master? Or is he
simply capitalising upon its presence
to further his own deranged agendas
before leaving it to be annihilated
in his wake? Only the Horned Rat
knows for sure…

1. Verminlord Warpseer
2. Clawlord
3. Grey Seer on Screaming Bell
4. Arch-Warlock
5. Warlock Engineer
6. Warlock Bombardier
7. Master Moulder
8. Clanrats
9. Clanrats
10. Clanrats
11. Stormvermin
12. Stormvermin
13. Packmasters
14. Giant Rats
15. Skr yre Acolytes
16. Rat Swarms
17. Rat Ogors
18. Hell Pit Abomination
19. Jezzails
20. Stormfiends
21. Stormfiends
22. Doom-Flayer
23. Thanquol on Boneripper


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
SKAVEN CLANS

PAINTING YOUR
SKAVEN CLANS

A skaven army is an exciting painting challenge no matter whether you are a veteran hobbyist or you have never
picked up a paintbrush in your life. On the following pages you w i l l find stage-by-stage guides to help you get the
most of your skaven Citadel Miniatures, with tips and examples from the experts.

The skaven are one of the largest
and most varied miniatures ranges
produced by Games Workshop.
From fleshy monsters with vicious
fangs and scabrous fur, to clanking
mechanical war engines, diseased
Plague Monks in rotting robes
and serried ranks of armoured
Stormvermin, there is an enormous
amount of personal choice in what
sorts of aesthetics, textures and
details your collection wi l l feature.
This, coupled with the sheer number
of skaven that makes up a swarm,
may seem a little daunting at first.
However, with the help of the tips
and tricks on the following pages you
wi l l soon find yourself building up
a skaventide worthy of the Horned
Rat himself !

Painting your Citadel Miniatures
is an enjoyable part of the Games

Workshop hobby, and a way to truly
personalise your collection. Whether
you choose to copy the colour
schemes shown in this battletome or
to invent your own, wholly unique
clan colour scheme, when you put a
fully painted army on the tabletop
the effect is always spectacular. Some
painters enjoy lavishing hours of
time and attention on each model,
teasing out every last detail to the
highest possible standard. Others
prefer powering through batches of
miniatures, getting them painted
to a neat and basic standard, the
better to quickly finish their army
and start rolling dice. As with all
aspects of this hobby,
there’s
really
no right or wrong way to do things
as long as you’re happy with the end
result. So whether you’re looking to
paint up a claw-picked selection of
your favourite skaven miniatures

or gather a much-mighty swarm
and overrun the Mortal Realms,
these pages contain invaluable
information on how to go about
painting ever ything from skaven
skin and fur to glowing warpstone,
dripping poison and diseased slime!

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

SKIN

1

Start by applying a
basecoat consisting
of two thin coats of
Cadian Fleshtone.

CLOTH

2

3

4

Next, mix Reikland
Fleshshade with Lahmian
Medium and apply it all
over the skin areas.

Paint the raised areas of
the skin with Kislev Flesh,
being careful to avoid the
shading in the recesses.

On larger models, define
the edges and extremities
with highlights of Flayed
One Flesh.

Basecoat Mephiston Red,
shade Nuln Oil, layer Evil
Sunz Scarlet, highlight
Fire Dragon Bright.

Basecoat Straken Green,
shade Biel-Tan Green, layer
Nurgling Green, highlight
Screaming Skull.

Rakar th Flesh, Seraphim
Sepia, Pallid Wych
Flesh, Steel Legion
Drab drybrush.

Basecoat Incubi
Darkness, shade Nuln
Oil, layer Sybarite Green,
highlight Dawnstone.


PAGEBREAK
FUR

Basecoat Mournfang
Brown, shade Agrax
Earthshade,
layer Skrag
Brown, highlight Tau
Light Ochre.

BLUE ARMOUR

Basecoat Abaddon Black,
then apply increasingly
fine highlights of Eshin
Grey, Dawnstone, then
Administratum Grey.

Basecoat Pallid Wych
Flesh, shade Casandora
Yellow, highlight with
Pallid Wych Flesh, then
apply a fine highlight of
White Scar.

Basecoat Rhinox Hide,
shade Nuln Oil, drybrush
with Mournfang Brown,
then apply a light
drybrush of XV88.

1

2

3

4

Start by applying a
basecoat of Stegadon Scale
Green to the armoured
areas of the model.

Next, paint Agrax
Earthshade into the
recesses of the armour and
between the plates.

Once the shade has
dried fully, apply thick
edge highlights of
Thunderhawk Blue.

Finally, apply fine
highlights of Fenrisian
Grey to the edges of the
armour plates.

BANNERS

1

2

3

4

In order to paint the
Clan Fang rune onto
your banners, begin by
painting three ‘guide lines’
in the desired colour. You
wi l l use these as a frame
around which to paint the
rune itself.

Once your guide lines are
dry, carefully develop each
one into a fu l l shape using
the same colour. Be careful
to keep your brushwork
neat and the course of the
shapes consistent over the
ripples on the banner.

Now, repeat the first two
steps with the smaller
intersecting lines on the
top right-hand part of the
Clan Fang rune.

To apply scratches to the
design, simply stipple
or dab small dots of the
banner’s basecoat colour
onto the rune. You can
also use this stage to tidy
up any mistakes along the
edges of your rune with
the banner’s base colour
as required.


PAGEBREAK
SKAVEN BLADES

For a warpstone blade,
start by basecoating the
blade with Caliban Green.
Next, pick out the hard
edges of the blade with
Warpstone Green. To
finish, apply a finer edge
highlight of Moot Green,
then an even finer edge
highlight of Yriel Yellow.

SKAVEN DETAILS

To paint rusted blades,
begin with a basecoat of
Leadbelcher. Apply a shade
of Agrax Earthshade then,
when this is dry, an edge
highlight of Stormhost
Silver to the edges. Finally,
stipple some Ryza Rust
onto the blade in patches.

Start with a Leadbelcher
basecoat. Next, mix
Mournfang Brown and
Sotek Green, water
it down, and apply it
as a thin glaze. Shade
the blade with Agrax
Earthshade, then
edge highlight with
Stormhost Silver.

This blade was basecoated
with Ironbreaker,
shaded
with Agrax Earthshade
and edge highlighted with
Stormhost Silver. The
poison was basecoated
using Caliban Green,
then highlighted with
Warpstone Glow, Moot
Green and Yriel Yellow.

For fangs and talons,
basecoat XV88,
layer Balor
Brown, then highlight
Screaming Skull.

When painting tails,
darken them by applying
several thin glazes of
Screamer Pink.

Basecoat Celestra Grey,
glaze Waywatcher Green,
shade Biel-Tan Green
toward the source of the
smoke, then highlight
with Ulthuan Grey then
White Scar.

Basecoat Hashut
Copper, shade Reikland
Fleshshade,
layer Sycorax
Bronze, highlight
Stormhost Silver,
then
apply Nihilak Oxide
for verdigris.

To paint the vile plague-slop loaded
into the Plagueclaw, start with an
Ushabti Bone basecoat. Apply a
thin glaze of Lamenters Yellow,
then a thinned wash of Athonian
Camoshade. Water down and re-
apply thinned Ushabti Bone, then
highlight with Pallid Wych Flesh.

For horns, basecoat with Baneblade
Brown. Next, water down
Daemonette Hide and apply as a
thin glaze, then do the same with
Abaddon Black, especially towards
the horns’ tips. Finish by applying
highlights of Rakar th Flesh, then
Pallid Wych Flesh.

For skaven wood, basecoat with
Rhinox Hide then apply a shade of
Nuln Oil. Once this has dried, apply
a drybrush of Gorthor Brown, then
a lighter drybrush of Karak Stone.
To make it look as though mould is
growing in the cracks, apply patches
of Biel-Tan Green.


PAGEBREAK
BANNERS AND DESIGNS

Basecoat Mephiston Red.
Use Nuln Oil to shade the
folds and holes, and to
paint dir ty patches. Layer
with Evil Sunz Scarlet,
then highlight with Fire
Dragon Bright.

WARPSTONE

First, paint the banner
Caliban Green. Build
up the vivid design with
Warpstone Glow,
then
outline it with Moot
Green. Use White Scar for
the rune.

Skaven use jagged runes
that often resemble
claw-marks, gouged
wounds and the like.
These have been painted
on free-hand using
Rakar th Flesh.

Start with a basecoat of
Kantor Blue, then apply
a layer of Caledor Blue.
Paint the triangles using
Fenrisian Grey,
then
highlight the edges with
Ulthuan Grey.

1

2

3

4

To paint warpstone, start
by applying a Caliban
Green basecoat.

Once the basecoat is
dry, apply thick, chunky
highlights of Warpstone
Glow as shown.

Now, pick out the raised
areas with a much finer
highlight of Moot Green
to make the edges appear
to glow.

Lastly, apply gentle
accents of Yriel Yellow
to the sharp points and
selected raised edges.

ARMOUR VARIANTS

To paint red armour
plates, start with a
basecoat of Mephiston
Red. Shade the recesses
with Nuln Oil, then
highlight the edges with
Evil Sunz Scarlet. Finish
with a fine edge highlight
of Fire Dragon Bright.

Begin with a basecoat
of Warplock Bronze.
Drybrush with Runelord
Brass, then highlight
the edges of the plates
with Ironbreaker. Lastly,
use Nihi lakh Oxide in
the recesses to give a
verdigris look.

For black armour, start
with an Abaddon Black
basecoat. Apply chunky
highlights of Eshin Grey,
followed by progressively
finer highlights of
Dawnstone then
Administratum Grey.

For this green armour,
start with a basecoat of
Waaagh! Flesh, then shade
with Nuln Oil. Apply
a chunky highlight of
Loren Forest, then pick
out the edges of the plates
with an Elysian Green
fine highlight.


PAGEBREAK
THE SKAVENTIDE

THE SKAVENTIDE

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your skaven miniatures on the battlefields of the Mortal
Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The rules are
split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Skaventide
army. The rules for how to use the
following allegiance abilities can be
found in the core rules.

BATTLE TRAITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Skaventide army (pg 67-68).

COMMAND TRAITS

Abilities available to the general of
a Skaventide army if it is a HERO
(pg 69).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Skaventide army (pg 72-77).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Skaventide army (pg 78-79).

GNAWHOLES

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Gnawhole
terrain feature (pg 80-81).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes new narrative
battleplans that can be played with a
Skaventide army (pg 82-85).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your skaven collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 86-90).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your skaven miniatures.

There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up
of several Skaventide units that
combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 92-98).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Skaventide
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 99-124).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that
can be summoned by Skaventide
WIZARDS (pg 125-126). The rules
for playing games with endless spells
can be found in the Warhammer

Age of Sigmar Core Book , and
in Warhammer Age of Sigmar :
Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 127-128).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies
a Skaventide army can include
(pg 128).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

TEACHINGS OF THE HORNED RAT

LEAD FROM THE BACK

In skaven society, the rear of a formation is a position of
honour and leadership. Not least, this is so that skaven
rulers can use their underlings as a living shield.

OVERWHELMING MASS

Facing the onslaught of massed skaven clawpacks is
akin to being buried alive by an avalanche of furry
flesh, stabbing blades and gnashing chisel
fangs.

The Look Out, Sir! rule applies to an attack made
with a melee weapon as well as an attack made
with a missile weapon if the target of the attack is a

SKAVENTIDE HERO that is not a MONSTER .

SCURRY AWAY

Battle Traits

To the skaven, prudent cowardice is a v ir tue, and their
leaders do not think twice about scurry ing off when the
going gets too dangerous.

In the combat phase, when you pick a friendly
SKAVENTIDE HERO to fight with, you can say it is
going to scurr y away instead of making a pile-in move
and then attacking. If you do so, that HERO must make
a normal move, and must retreat.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee weapons
by SKAVENTIDE units while they have 20 or more
models. In addition, add 1 to wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by SKAVENTIDE units
while they have 30 or more models.

STRENGTH IN NUMBERS

Skaven are not brave by nature, but do take courage
from being in large packs.

When a SKAVENTIDE unit takes a battleshock test,
add 2 to its Bravery characteristic instead of 1 for every
10 models in the unit.

WAYS OF THE GREAT CLANS

MASTERCLAN – SKILLED MANIPULATORS

Even amongst a race as dev ious and self-serving as
the skaven, there are those with minds so cunning and
labyrinthine that they are able to manipulate the rest
into doing their bidding.

ESHIN – MASTERS OF MURDER

The elite agents of the Clans Eshin are credited with all
manner of terrify ing supernatural abilities in the field
of assassination. Once they have chosen their prey,
their
victims stand little chance of escape…

Each time a friendly MASTERCLAN model uses a
command ability, roll a dice. On a 5+ you receive 1
extra command point.

MOULDER – PRIZED CREATIONS

Master Moulders constantly strive to improve their
breeding stock with ever more power ful mutations and
modifications, and their most successful creations are
highly pr ized.

At the start of the first battle round, before
determining which player has the first turn, you can

pick 1 friendly CLANS MOULDER FIGHTING BEAST

model for each MASTER MOULDER in your army.
The same FIGHTING BEAST cannot be picked more
than once to benefit from this ability. Add D3 to the
Wounds characteristic of each of those models (roll
separately for each). In addition, you can re-roll hit
rolls of 1 for attacks made with melee weapons by
those models.

If your army includes any CLANS ESHIN HEROES , at
the start of the first battle round, before determining
which player has the first turn, you can pick 1 enemy
HERO for each CLANS ESHIN HERO in your army. You
can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by friendly
CLANS ESHIN units that target those enemy HEROES
in that battle.

VERMINUS – MIGHTY WARLORDS

A Clawlord must seize control by ruthless force, proving
themselves to be both an apex fighter and a dev ious
adversary who their rivals would do well to fear.

When you pick command traits, you can pick 1
command trait for up to 6 friendly CLAWLORDS ,
in addition to 1 command trait for your general if
your general is not a CLAWLORD . You must pick a
different command trait for each CLAWLORD that
has a command trait, and no model can have more
than 1 command trait. You can use the command
trait for that CLAWLORD even though they are not
your general.


PAGEBREAK
SKRYRE – WARPSTONE

SPARKS

Warpstone sparks are small canisters of caged warp
lightning that can be slotted into the strange inventions
carried by the warlocks of the Clans Skryre. They are
used to catalyse the flow of magic and improve the
potency of skaven weapons, their energies crackling
through wires and conduits to supercharge spells
and wreathe blades in coruscating green force. The
use of warpstone sparks is dangerous,
for explosive
malfunctions are always a risk, but the quick road to
power is an irresistible lure for any skaven.

If your army includes any CLANS SKRYRE HEROES ,
at the start of the battle, before either army is set up,
you can roll a D3 and add 3 to the roll. The result is the
number of warpstone sparks that you can use during
the battle. You cannot use more than 1 warpstone
spark in the same phase.

Each warpstone spark can be used once per battle to
carr y out 1 of the following warpstone spark abilities:

• In the hero phase, pick 1 friendly CLANS SKRYRE
WIZARD. You can re-roll casting, dispelling and
unbinding rolls for that WIZARD until the end of
that phase. At the end of that phase, roll a dice. On a
1, that WIZARD suffers D3 mortal wounds.

• In your shooting phase, pick 1 friendly CLANS
SKRYRE HERO. Then pick up to 3 different friendly
CLANS SKRYRE units that are wholly within
13" of that HERO. You can add 1 to the Damage
characteristic of missile weapons used by those
units until the end of that phase. At the end of that
phase, roll a dice. On a 1, that HERO suffers D3
mortal wounds.

• In the combat phase, pick 1 friendly CLANS SKRYRE
HERO. You can re-roll hit rolls for that HERO until
the end of that phase. At the end of that phase, roll a
dice. On a 1, that HERO suffers D3 mortal wounds.

PESTILENS – ECHOES OF THE
GREAT PLAGUES

Sometimes, the raving prayers of Pestilens priests cause
one of the legendary Great Plagues to temporarily
manifest upon the battlefield.

If the unmodified prayer roll for a prayer chanted by a
friendly CLANS PESTILENS PRIEST is 6, you can pick 1
of the following Great Plagues to manifest (in addition
to the effect of the prayer). Each Great Plague can only
manifest once per battle, and no more than one Great
Plague can manifest in the same turn.

Bubonic Blightplague: If this Great Plague manifests,
pick the nearest enemy unit within 13" of the PRIEST
chanting the prayer. That unit is infected with the
Bubonic Blightplague. If several enemy units are
equally close, you can pick which is infected. The
infected unit suffers D6 mortal wounds. If the infected
unit is destroyed by these mortal wounds, you can pick
another enemy unit within 6" of the last model to be
slain from the infected unit. The new unit is infected
and suffers D3 mortal wounds. If the second unit is
also destroyed, then another enemy unit within 6" of
the last model to be slain suffers D3 mortal wounds,
and so on until a unit is not destroyed by the disease or
there are no other enemy units within 6" when a unit
is destroyed.

Crimsonweal Curse: If this Great Plague manifests,
pick the nearest enemy unit within 13" of the PRIEST
chanting the prayer. That unit is infected with the
Crimsonweal Curse. If several enemy units are equally
close, you can pick which is infected. The infected unit
suffers 1 mortal wound. In addition, at the start of
each of your hero phases, the infected unit, and each
enemy unit within 1" of the infected unit, suffers 1
mortal wound.

Redmaw Plague: If this Great Plague manifests, pick
the nearest enemy HERO within 13" of the PRIEST
chanting the prayer. That HERO is infected with the
Redmaw Plague. If several enemy HEROES are equally
close, you can pick which is infected. If a HERO
infected with the Redmaw Plague is within 3" of any
other models from its own army at the start of any
combat phase, and is not within 3" of any models from
your army,
then you can treat that HERO as a friendly
model until the end of that combat phase.

The Neverplague: If this Great Plague manifests, you
can re-roll prayer rolls for friendly CLANS PESTILENS
PRIESTS for the rest of the battle.

Undulant Scourge: If this Great Plague manifests,
pick the nearest enemy unit within 13" of the PRIEST
chanting the prayer, and roll 1 dice for each model in
that unit. If several enemy units are equally close, you
can pick which of those units to roll dice for. For each
5+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

CUNNING MACHINATIONS

MASTERCLAN HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

4

5

6

Supreme Manipulator : Few amongst even the

Masterclan rival this general’s ability to exploit
his minions.

You can re-roll the dice that determines if you
receive 1 extra command point when you use
the Skilled Manipulators battle trait after this
general uses a command ability.

Master of Magic: This general

is a superlative
practitioner of the spellcaster’s ar t.

Once per hero phase, you can add 1 to a casting,
dispelling or unbinding roll for this general.

Cunning: This dev ious warlord is kept informed
by a vast network of spies.

After the battle has started, roll a dice each
time your opponent receives a command point.
On a 6 you receive the command point instead
of them.

WARPED INSPIRATIONS

CLANS SKRYRE HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

4

5

6

Masterful Scavenger : This avaricious rat has

amassed a great hoard of warpstone sparks.

Add 2 to the number of warpstone sparks this
general’s army can use during a battle.

Deranged Inventor : The fell contraptions of this
general are unrivalled in their dark genius.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick
1 friendly CLANS SKRYRE unit that is wholly
within 13" of this general. You can re-roll hit
rolls for attacks made with missile weapons by
that unit until the end of that phase.

Overseer of Destruction: This general’s weapon

teams are masters of their deadly trade.

At the start of your shooting phase, you can pick
up to 3 friendly WEAPON TEAM units that are
wholly within 13" of this general. You can re-roll
hit rolls for attacks made by those units until the
end of that phase.


PAGEBREAK
CREEDS OF CORRUPTION

CLANS PESTILENS HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

4

5

6

Master of Rot and Ruin: This general’s presence
heralds the coming of the Great Plagues.

You can re-roll the dice that determines if a
prayer chanted by this general is answered.

Architect of Death: A rain of projectile

putrescence precedes this general’s advance.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
with missile weapons by friendly CLANS
PESTILENS units while they are wholly within
18" of this general.

Diseased: Those who draw too close to this
plague-infested rat are consumed by infection.

At the start of your hero phase, roll a dice if this
general is within 3" of any enemy units. On a
4+ inflict D3 mortal wounds on 1 enemy unit
within 3" of this general.

TREACHEROUS TACTICS

CLANS VERMINUS HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

4

5

6

Brutal Fur y : In times of greatest need, this
general attacks with redoubled fury.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can add 3 to the Attacks characteristic of
this general’s melee weapons until the end of
that phase.

Powerful: This Clawlord is amongst the largest
and most power fully built of his breed.

Add 1 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Devious Adversary : This wily skaven knows
how best to capitalise on any opening left by
his opponent.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets this general
is a 1, add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
this general’s melee weapons until the end of
that phase.


PAGEBREAK
FLESHMASTERIES

CLANS MOULDER HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

4

Moulder Supreme: The mutated creations of this
Master Moulder are beyond compare.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly
within 18" of this general.

When you use the Prized Creations battle
trait and pick 1 friendly CLANS MOULDER
FIGHTING BEAST model for this general,
you can either add 3 to that model’s Wounds
characteristic instead of D3, or add D6 to that
model’s Wounds characteristic instead of D3.

Hordemaster: The creatures created by this
Master Moulder are numberless.

When this general uses the Unleash More-more
Beasts! command ability, you receive a new unit
on a roll of 4+ instead of 5+.

Burly: This breeder and mutator is as strong and
mean as any of his creations.

Add 1 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

5

6

SHADOWY MASTERIES

CLANS ESHIN HERO only.

D6

1

Command Trait

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by this general.

2

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound
to this general, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if this general is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to this general, you
can allocate it to a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit
within 3" of this general.

3

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly within
18" of this general.

4

5

6

Unrivalled Killer : Few,

if any, can rival this
warlord’s mastery of the assassin’s ar t.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
general that target the enemy HERO chosen for
the Masters of Murder battle trait.

Shadowmaster: Not even the most eagle-eyed
opponent can spot this stealthy assassin when
he hides.

While this general is within 1" of a terrain
feature, this general is not visible to enemy
models while they are more than 6" from
this general.

Incredible Agility : This skaven moves in leaps
and bounds that leave others breathless.

This general can fly.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

RELICS OF RUIN

MASTERCLAN HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Warpstorm Scroll: Reading words of power
from this tattered scroll, the bearer invokes a sky-
splitting storm of lurid green lightning.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, the bearer
can use this scroll. If they do so, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit within 13" of the bearer. On a
4+ that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Suspicious Stone: This orb offers glimpses of
those plotting the bearer’s demise, though its
malicious animus has been known to exaggerate.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to the bearer. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

The Gnawshard: Said to be a fragment of one
of the Horned Rat’s
fangs, this dagger leaves
splinters in the wound that keep chewing until
victim is reduced to a hollow sack of skin.

its

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If any
wounds inflicted by that weapon are allocated
to an enemy model and not negated, that enemy
model suffers 1 mortal wound at the end of each
battle round (even if the wounds inflicted by the
Gnawshard are subsequently healed).

4

5

6

Skavenbrew: This foul concoction is brewed
from blood and warpstone, and dispensed to
expendable underlings to drive them into a
short-lived but devastating killing frenzy.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
pick 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE unit within 3" of
the bearer. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds,
but you can add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of melee weapons used by that unit until your
next hero phase.

Snoutgrovel Robes: Soaked in sorcerous

treatments refined from the musk of fear,
these
robes quell the terror of the wearer’s underlings.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly within
13" of the bearer.

Staff of Rightful Supremacy : This staff radiates

oppressive waves of sorcerous energy that
smother the inferior magics of the lesser races
and can even banish endless spells.

Subtract 1 from the casting rolls of enemy
WIZARDS while they are within 13" of the
bearer. In addition, once per battle, you can
dispel one endless spell within 13" of the caster
(you do not have to roll 2D6, the dispel is
automatically successful).


PAGEBREAK
DARK INVENTIONS

CLANS SKRYRE HERO only.

D6

1

Artefact of Power

The Brass Orb: This fist-sized orb of interlocking
cogs can tear open the fabric of reality and
plunge a nearby foe into the Realm of Chaos.

2

3

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
you can roll a dice. On a 6 the closest enemy
model within 6" of the bearer is slain. If several
enemy models are equally close, you can pick
which one is slain.

Warpstone Armour : Wrought

from warpstone-
infused brass and lined with thaumaconductive
wiring, this armour lashes out at those who
strike it with arcing blasts of warp lightning.

Roll a dice each time a wound inflicted by a
melee weapon is allocated to the bearer and not
negated. On a 5+ the attacking unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Esoteric Warp Resonator : As each of the

thirteen dials on this sealed orb are rotated,
stored warp energy inside causes it to quiver
and glow.

the

At the start of each battle round you receive 1
extra warpstone spark if the bearer is on the
battlefield. That warpstone spark can only be
used to perform a warpstone spark ability with
the bearer in that battle round. If it is not used
before the end of the battle round in which it
was received, it is lost.

4

5

6

Skryre’s-breath Bellows: Fitted with

warpstone-powered turbines, these bellows
blow plumes of poisoned wind across friend and
foe alike.

At the start of your hero phase, the bearer can
pump the bellows. If they do so, roll a dice for
each unit other than the bearer that is within
3" of the bearer. On a 4+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Vial of the Fulminator : The highly combustible

oil within this vial is the per fect fuel for
explosively propelling Skryre war machines
across the battlefield.

At the start of your movement phase, you can

pick 1 friendly CLANS SKRYRE WAR MACHINE

within 3" of the bearer. Double that unit’s Move
characteristic until the end of that phase. At the
end of that phase, roll a dice. On a 4+ that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Vigordust

Injector : The shards of pulverised
alchemical agents administered by this syringe
cause injected skaven to froth at the mouth as
they enter a violent and extremely painful
frenzy
before dying.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
SKAVENTIDE unit wholly within 12" of the
bearer. Add 1 to charge rolls and hit rolls for
that unit until your next hero phase. However,
at the start of your next hero phase that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
BEFOULED BOONS

CLANS PESTILENS HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Blade of Corruption: This rusting blade seethes
with a thousand lethal poxes and plagues.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. You
can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made with
that weapon.

The Foul Pendant: The rank energies that cling
to this charm weaken enemy spells just as disease
sickens living beings.

The bearer can attempt to unbind 1 spell in
each enemy hero phase in the same manner as

a WIZARD.

Brooding Blade: Those cut by this filthy dagger
become host to dozens of plague-bearing rats,
who burrow outward through the victim’s flesh
before spreading disease to those nearby.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. At the end
of the combat phase, roll a dice for each model
wounded by this weapon but not slain. On a 2+
that model’s unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

4

5

The Fumigatous: When a name is spoken while
this ornate censer is being swung, the cloud of
pungent toxins surrounding it coalesces and
seeks out the one who possesses that name.

At the start of each combat phase, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 6" of the bearer and roll a
dice. On a 2+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.
On a 5+ that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds
instead of 1.

Blistrevous,

the L iving Cyst: This sentient

pustule migrates from host to host, whispering
its mad ravings to drive its bearer into a
fevered frenzy.

Add 2" to the bearer’s Move characteristic. In
addition, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made by the bearer. Starting from the second
battle round, at the start of your hero phase, if
there are any other friendly CLANS PESTILENS
HEROES within 13" of the bearer, you must
transfer this artefact to one of them, even if they
already carr y an artefact of power.

6

Liber Bubonicus: This foul book is inscribed
with the secrets of every disease in the
Mortal Realms.

The bearer can use the Plague Prayers ability
from the Plague Priest warscroll (pg 114). If the
bearer is a PLAGUE PRIEST , then it can use the
Plague Prayers ability twice in your hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
WARP-TOUCHED WARGEAR

CLANS VERMINUS HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Things-Bane: This blade has been worked with
many foul enchantments
to make it anathema to
the foes of the skaven. This, of course, is all other
races – and even the skaven themselves.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to
the Damage characteristic of that weapon.

Shield of Distraction: This shield boasts

cracked and tilted mirror-sur faces enchanted
with unsettling glamours that induce confusion,
nausea and paranoia in the foe.

Re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, at the start of the combat
phase, pick 1 enemy model within 3" of the
bearer. Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by that model in that
combat phase.

Screechskull Trophies: Said to be the trophy

rack of a skaven hero from the world-that-was,
this elaborate back-banner is festooned with
skulls that scream and chatter horrifyingly.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 13" of
the bearer.

4

5

6

Flaypelt C loak: This cloak is stitched together
from the skins of thirteen slain rivals, whose
stolen streng th empowers the wearer.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for
attacks made with melee weapons by the bearer.

Rustcursed Armour : Not only does this heavy
suit of rust-thick armour deflect the blows of
the foe, but the ruin-hexes scored into its plates
spread tendrils of oxidising entropy across the
attacker’s most treasured ar tefacts.

Re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target the
bearer. In addition, at the start of the combat
phase, you can pick 1 enemy HERO with an
artefact of power that is within 3" of the bearer
and roll 3D6. If the roll is exactly 13, that
artefact of power can no longer be used (if a
weapon was picked when the artefact of power
was selected, that weapon reverts to normal).

Warpstone Charm: This foul talisman radiates
waves of mutating energy that reduce the enemy
– and eventually the wearer – to heaving heaps of
twisted flesh and fur.

At the start of your hero phase, pick 1 unit
within 3" of the bearer and roll a dice. On a 2-5
that unit suffers 1 mortal wound. On a 6 that
unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. (Note that if
there are no enemy units within 3" you must
pick either a friendly unit or the bearer to be
the target.)


PAGEBREAK
MONSTROUS ARCANA

CLANS MOULDER HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Lash of Fangs: This coiling lash is studded with
scavenged Jabberslythe fangs. Its bite sends
victims into a gibbering spiral of madness.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified hit roll for an attack made with that
weapon is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target in addition to any normal damage.

Foulhide: Fashioned from the flensed flesh of
Rat Ogors and soaked in cloying alchemical
agents, this stinking armour sticks to its wearer
like a bloated second skin and regrows as fast as
it can be hacked apar t.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to the bearer.

Snap-snap Snarepole: This cruelly cursed

things-catcher
shatters its victims’ bones with a
crushing noose of magical energy.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
model within 3" of the bearer. Subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that model in that
combat phase.

4

5

6

Rat-tail Snake: A disgusting familiar fashioned
from tails, eyes and venomous fangs, this
abomination clings to its master’s body beneath
his ragged robes, and lunges forth to bite any who
threaten him.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack that
targets the bearer is 6, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Rabid Crown: This darkly sorcerous nest of
electrodes jabs into the wearer’s
skull and
radiates his will, imposing it upon nearby war
beasts to drive them into a killing fury.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by
friendly CLANS MOULDER PACK units while
they are wholly within 13" of the bearer.

Fleshgift Vial: Containing the most aggressive
fleshmoulding solutions known to the Clans
Moulder, when this flask shatters and spills its
contents across the enemy they are overcome by
immediate and hideous mutative devolution.

Once per battle,
in your shooting phase, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of the bearer and
roll a dice. On a 1, the bearer suffers 1 mortal
wound. On a 2-5, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. On a 6 that enemy unit suffers
D6 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
TOOLS OF MURDER

CLANS ESHIN HERO only.

D6

1

2

3

Artefact of Power

Shadow Magnet Trinket: This warpstone-ore

pendant absorbs light and engulfs the wearer in
an aura of shifting gloom from which they can
strike unseen.

Once per battle, the bearer can fight at the start
of the combat phase, before the players pick any
other units to fight in that combat phase. The
bearer cannot fight again in that combat phase
unless an ability or spell allows it to fight more
than once.

Farskitter C loak: With a swirl of this cloak’s
hem, the wearer can slip through the cracks in
reality to squirm back into the light elsewhere.

Once per battle, at the end of your movement
phase, you can remove the bearer from the
battlefield and set them up again anywhere
on the battlefield more than 9" from any
enemy units.

The Three Fangs: Fashioned by blind Eshin
ar tisans from the bones of traitorous triplets,
if all three of these blades find their mark
in a victim at once, then agonising death
is instantaneous.

Once per battle, at the start of your shooting
phase, you can pick 1 enemy HERO within 6"
of the bearer and roll 3 dice. If all 3 rolls are 3+,
and the combined value of the 3 dice is greater
than that enemy model’s Wounds characteristic,
that enemy model is slain.

4

5

6

Warpweeper Stars: So lethal that they must
be kept in a lead-lined pouch, these barbed
stars have mutating warpstone tips and bleed
excruciating acidic venom.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s missile weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts D3
mortal wounds on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

The Cube of Mists: This ominous puzzle box
contains a fragment of Ulguan realmstone. It
gives off a constant, eerie fume that distor ts
perception and tricks the unwary.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase,
you can pick 1 enemy unit within 6" of the
bearer. That unit cannot make a pile-in move in
that combat phase. In addition, subtract 1 from
hit rolls for attacks made by that unit in that
combat phase.

Gnawbomb: This fearsome weapon uses
gnawhole technology to tear a temporary rent
in reality.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
pick 1 terrain feature within 6" of the bearer.
Until your next hero phase, that terrain feature
has the scenery rules from the Gnawhole
warscroll (pg 81) in addition to the scenery rules
it already has.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

You can choose or roll for one spell from one of the following tables for each SKAVEN WIZARD in a Skaventide army.

LORE OF RUIN

GREY SEER only.

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Scorch: The Grey Seer thrusts out a claw and his
foes are roasted alive by a gout of magical flame.

Scorch has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 13" of the caster
and visible to them, and roll a number of dice
equal to the casting roll. For each 6, that unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

Splinter: The Grey Seer gives an atonal shriek
that rises in pitch until reality itself shivers,
shudders, then cracks asunder.

Splinter has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy model within 6" of the caster,
and roll a dice. If the roll is greater than that
model’s Wounds characteristic,
it is slain.

Skitterleap: The Grey Seer or one of his minions
vanishes in a puff of smoke, reappearing
elsewhere on the battlefield an eye-blink later.

Skitterleap has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE
HERO with a Wounds characteristic of 12 or
less, that is within 13" of the caster and visible
to them. Remove that HERO from the battlefield
and then set it up again anywhere on the
battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units.
That HERO may not move in the following
movement phase.

4

5

6

Plague: The Grey Seer vomits up the twisted
syllables of a dread invocation, unleashing a
horrific plague that spreads like wildfire.

Plague has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 13" of the caster
and roll 1 dice for each model in that unit. For
each 5+, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Death Frenzy : With a snarled invocation,
the
Grey Seer drives its underlings into a froth-jawed
murder frenzy.

Death Frenzy has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE
unit that is not a HERO, which is wholly within
13" of the caster and visible to them. Until your
next hero phase, when a model from that unit is
slain, before it is removed from play,
it can make
a pile-in move and then attack with all of the
melee weapons it is armed with.

Warpgale:

Screeching in an unholy tongue, the
Grey Seer par ts the veil of reality and draws a
ravening gale of unnatural energies for th.

Warpgale has a casting value of 8. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 26" of the caster
and visible to them. That unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds, and any run or charge rolls for that
unit are halved until your next hero phase. If
that unit can fly,
it cannot fly until your next
hero phase (in addition to having its run and
charge rolls halved).


PAGEBREAK
LORE OF WARPVOLT GALVANISM

CLANS SKRYRE WIZARD only.

D3

1

Spell

More-more-more Warp Power!: At great risk,

the engineer channels raw warp lightning power
to nearby allies or himself, with spectacular
pyrotechnic results.

3

Warp L ightning Shield: The warlock surrounds

himself with a protective shield of warp lightning.
However, should the shield absorb too much
energy,
it will overload and explode!

Warp Lightning Shield has a casting value of 6.
If successfully cast, until your next hero phase,
the first 3 wounds allocated to the caster in each
phase are negated. If a fourth wound is allocated
to the caster in the same phase, then the caster
suffers D6 mortal wounds and this spell is
unbound (the first 3 wounds allocated in that
phase are still negated).

More-more-more Warp Power! has a casting
value of 7. If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly
CLANS SKRYRE unit wholly within 12" of the
caster and visible to them. You can re-roll hit
and wound rolls for that unit until your next
hero phase. However, at the end of your next
hero phase, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

2

Chain Warp L ightning: The warlock hurls a

ball of warp lightning that careens across the
battlefield striking one target after another.

Chain Warp Lightning has a casting value of
6. If successfully cast, pick up to D6 different
enemy units within 18" of the caster. Each of
those units suffers 1 mortal wound.


PAGEBREAK
Gnawholes

GNAWHOLES

A Skaventide army can include up to
3 GNAWHOLE terrain features (see
opposite). After territories have been
chosen but before armies are set up,
you can set up the GNAWHOLES for
your army. Each GNAWHOLE must
be set up wholly within 8" of the edge
of the battlefield, more than 3" from
any enemy units or objectives, and
more than 1" from any other terrain
features. If both players can set up
any terrain features before armies
are set up, they must roll off, and the
winner chooses who sets up their
terrain features first.

Morgaz swung his massive choppa, ripping through another
skaven neck. The blow sent his victim’s head spinning away
with a surprised look plastered on its verminous features.
‘Keep at ’em ladz!’ bellowed Morgaz at the Ironjaw Brutes fighting all
around him.
‘We’s got ’em on da run!’
A ratman clad in black launched itself at him, its extended foot-claw
catching him square in the jaw in a v icious flying kick. Roaring, Morgaz
swatted his assailant out of the air and stamped on its head. Bone gave
way with a satisfy ing crunch, and Morgaz laughed with the simple
exhilaration of battle. Ahead, he saw the last of the skaven were in full
and panicked retreat. They scrambled over one another, biting and
clawing to reach a great pit full of swirling green energ ies that pulsed in
the ground up ahead. One by one, the skaven flung themselves into the
pit, and Morgaz snarled as he realised his quarry were escaping.
‘None o’ dat ya hairy little gitz!’ he roared, and broke into a bullish
charge. His Brutes followed him, the ground shaking with their
armoured footfalls as they stampeded through the fleeing ratmen.
Morgaz grabbed for a skaven but it slipped his grasp, chittering
mockingly at him before diving into the pit.
‘You ain’t gettin’ away dat easy,’ barked Morgaz, taking a firm grip on
his choppa and jumping after the ratman. There was a lurid green flash
and he found himself stumbling down a warped tunnel. Perspective
wheeled around him, and through a haze of dizziness and nausea
Morgaz saw the ratmen vanishing away into the shadows. Yet he found
he couldn’t pursue, couldn’t even take a breath of the swirling green
gases that surrounded him.
Morgaz felt his skin tingle, then burn as fell energ ies assailed him, and
to his horror he realised his armour was rusting and his flesh beginning
to melt before his eyes. The orruk stumbled a few more paces before his
leg-bones snapped like dry tinder and he spilled to the ground with a
clatter of disintegrating armour.
‘Wha… Mork… kill yooz…’ He croaked the words and felt something
warm and bubbling spill over his rotting tusks. Furious and bew ildered,
Morgaz managed one last snarl before his v ision turned red then black,
and life fled his rotted form.


PAGEBREAK
SCENERY WARSCROLL

GNAWHOLE

Gnawholes split the skin of reality, tearing open like lesions and allowing frenzied skaven swarms to spill forth.
Manifesting as whirling green portals, gaping black holes, fume-wreathed chasms and countless other malignant
phenomena, these tunnels through reality seep with the ruinous energies of the Horned Rat.

DESCRIPTION

A Gnawhole is a single terrain
feature. It is an obstacle.

SCENERY RULES

Tunnels Through Reality : The

skaven can move through gnawholes
to invade any corner of the
Mortal Realms.

At the start of your movement
phase, you can use 1 GNAWHOLE to
transport 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE
unit. In order to do so, that unit
must be wholly within 6" of the
GNAWHOLE , and a friendly

SKAVENTIDE HERO must be within

6" of the GNAWHOLE .

If this is the case, remove the
SKAVENTIDE unit from the
battlefield and then set it up wholly
within 6" of another GNAWHOLE
and more than 9" from any enemy
models. This counts as that unit’s
move for that movement phase.

Aura of the Horned Rat: Gnawholes

emit unholy radiation that empowers
skaven spellcasters but is deadly to
other races.

SKAVENTIDE units treat this terrain
feature as having the Arcane scenery
rule (see right). Other units treat this
terrain feature as having the Deadly
scenery rule (see right). In addition,

you can add 1 to the dice that
determines if a prayer is answered
if the prayer is chanted by a friendly

SKAVENTIDE PRIEST within 1" of
a GNAWHOLE .

Arcane: Add 1 to casting and
unbinding rolls for WIZARDS while
they are within 1" of any Arcane
terrain features.

Deadly : Roll a dice for each unit that
finishes a normal move or charge
move within 1" of any Deadly terrain
features. On a 1, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, SKAVENTIDE, GNAWHOLE


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Skaventide Assault

BATTLEPLAN

SKAVENTIDE ASSAULT

It is a time-old tenet of skaven
strategy that a fight should never
be fair. Thus, when they launch
attacks on enemy enclaves and
strongholds, the skaven do
ever ything in their power to catch
their foes unprepared and unable to
defend themselves.

The favoured method for a
swarm to assail its enemies is
via gnawholes. After all, what
resistance can the foe muster
when the ratmen emerge suddenly
and unexpectedly from yawning
rents in the fabric of reality itself ?
Chittering clawpacks of skaven
spill from the swirling shadows
of their gnawholes brandishing
rusted blades and baring their
chisel fangs. Foes reel in shock and
confusion as masses of lank-furred
killers surge over them, stabbing
and biting madly. By the time
the enemy truly grasp that they
are under attack, the skaven are
already victorious.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Skaven player and
their opponent is the Defender.
The Skaven player must use a
Skaventide army.

The Skaventide army has a unique
command ability, as follows:

SKAVENTIDE
COMMAND ABILITY

Attack-attack!: With a fearsome

screech, the commander of the
skaventide orders his minions to
advance with all haste.

The Skaven player can use this
command ability at the start of their
movement phase. If they do so, they
can pick 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE
unit that arrived from reserve that
turn and that is wholly within
18" of their general. That unit
can make a normal move in that
movement phase.

THE BATTLEFIELD

Set up 2 GNAWHOLES in two of
the corners of the battlefield and
1 GNAWHOLE at the centre of the
opposite edge of the battlefield, as
shown on the map below. The Skaven
player cannot set up any more
GNAWHOLES in this battle.

SET-UP

The Defender sets up their army first,
wholly within their own territory.
All of the units in the Skaventide
army are set up off the battlefield
as reserve units. They must be
set up during the battle using the
Skaventide Assault rule opposite.

OBJECTIVES

This battle is fought to control one
objective. It is located at the centre of
the battlefield, as shown on the map.

FIRST TURN

The Skaven player takes the first turn
in the first battle round.


PAGEBREAK
TAKEN OFF GUARD
The defenders have absolutely no
idea that their once-safe enclave
has been chosen as the target for a
skaventide assault.

The Defender cannot spend any
command points in the first battle
round. In addition, the Defender’s
units cannot run or charge in the
first battle round.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

Starting from the third battle round,
at the end of each battle round, roll
a dice and add the number of the
current battle round to the roll. On a
9+ the battle ends. On any other roll,
the battle continues.

When the battle ends, the player that
controls the objective wins a major
victory. If neither player controls
the objective, both players win a

minor victory.

SKAVENTIDE ASSAULT
The skaven emerge from their hidden
gnawholes, attacking their surprised
and disorientated foe from all sides.

At the start of their hero phase, the
Skaven player can choose to set up
any number of reserve units. The
units are set up one at a time, wholly
within 9" of a GNAWHOLE and more
than 3" from any enemy units. Those
units cannot move in the following
movement phase, unless the Attack-
attack! command ability is used, and
the Skaven player cannot use the
Tunnels Through Reality scenery
rule from the Gnawhole warscroll
to transport any unit in the same
turn. Any of the Skaven player’s
reserve units that are not set up on
the battlefield before the start of the
fourth battle round are destroyed.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Through the Gnawhole

BATTLEPLAN

THROUGH THE GNAWHOLE

One of the greatest dangers of
facing skaven in battle is that –
thanks to their sheer numbers and
the anarchic nature of their armies
– they often strike from multiple
locations at once. At such times,
an enemy commander must worry
not only about the skaven they
can see in front of them, but also
those verminous reinforcements
that may be flowing in from other
battlefields, or even other Mortal
Realms. Multiple skaven swarms
might even assail an enemy
position at the same time not as
part of a coordinated offensive, but
simply in a competition to prove
which skaven leader is superior.

Such dire scenarios are at their
most deadly when the skaven
manage to link multiple gnawholes
to a single exit, allowing them
to surge through the void and
converge upon their outnumbered
enemies in a seething skaventide.
The foe can do little but dig in and
stand their ground, desperately
hoping to weather the skaven
assault and hang onto their
position until the flood of red-eyed
ratmen exhausts itself.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Skaven player and
their opponent is the Defender.
The Skaven player must use a
Skaventide army.

After the players have picked
their armies, they must split them
into contingents. The Skaventide
army has two contingents, and
the Defender’s army has three
contingents. A contingent can have
up to 1 more unit than either of the
other contingents. For example,
if
the Defender’s army had 10 units,
they could split them into two
contingents with 3 units and one
with 4 units.

THE BATTLEFIELD

This battle is fought across three
separate battlefields, each measuring
2' by 4' (see the map below).
SKAVENTIDE units can move from
one battlefield to another using
the Gnawhole Convergence rule
opposite. That aside, units on one
battlefield cannot attack, cast spells
or use abilities on units that are on
a different battlefield. The Skaven
player cannot set up any more
GNAWHOLES in this battle.

SET-UP

The Defender sets up their army first.
They must set up 1 of their army’s
contingents on each battlefield,
wholly within their own territory.
The Skaven player sets up their
army second. They must set up 1
of their army’s contingents wholly
within their territory on the left-
hand battlefield, and the other
wholly within their territory on the
right-hand battlefield.

OBJECTIVES

This battle is fought to control one
objective. It is located at the centre of
the central battlefield, as shown on
the map.

FIRST TURN

The Skaven player takes the first turn
in the first battle round.


PAGEBREAK
GNAWHOLE
CONVERGENCE
The skaven have discovered two
different gnawhole tunnels which
lead to the same destination.

In this battle, any number of units
from the Skaventide army can use
the Tunnels Through Reality scenery
rule from the Gnawhole warscroll
in the same turn. However,
the rule
can only be used to move units that
are on the left-hand and right-hand
battlefields to the central battlefield.

HOLD YOUR GROUND!
The core of the defender's forces
have been tasked with holding their
ground, and preventing the skaven
from seizing a vital objective no
matter the cost.

Units from the Defender’s army
that are on the central battlefield
cannot move except to make pile-in
moves. In addition, do not take
battleshock tests for units from the
Defender’s army that are on the
central battlefield.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

Starting from the fourth battle
round,
if there are no units from
the Skaventide army on the
central battlefield at the end of
a battle round, or if the Skaven
player controls the objective, the
battle ends.

When the battle ends, the player that
controls the objective wins a major
victory. Any other result is a draw.


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND

When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in

the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a warband with the Skaventide
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can
be chosen from the followers
tables for your allegiance. If your
allegiance has more than one
followers table you can freely
choose which ones you use,
selecting all of your followers
from a single table or from several.
Instead of choosing, you can place

your destiny in the hands of fate
and roll on the followers tables
instead. To make a followers roll,
pick a column from one of the
followers tables and then roll
a dice.

4. Your
followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.
No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their fu l l roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than
the minimum size shown on its
pitched battle profile.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your


PAGEBREAK
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE

Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.

Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than
‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband

3

roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from an
allied warband table), then roll
on your allegiance’s
followers
rewards table. Note the result
on your warband roster. If
you roll a result the unit has
already received, roll again
until you get a different result.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Skaventide Warband Tables

SKAVENTIDE WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Verminlord (any type)

Grey Seer on Screaming Bell

Plague Priest on Plague Furnace

Arch-Warlock

Clawlord

Deathmaster

Grey Seer

Master Moulder

Plague Priest

Warlock Bombardier

Warlock Engineer

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

Followers

D6

Followers

2 units

3 units

3 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

4 units

1

2

3

4

5

6

Clawlord

Deathmaster

Grey Seer

Master Moulder

Plague Priest

Warlock Bombardier

SKRYRE WEAPONS FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Followers

1

2

1 Doom-Flayer

1 Doomwheel

3-4

1 Ratling Gun

5

6

1 Warpfire Thrower

1 Warp-Grinder

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

D6

Clans Eshin

Clans Moulder

Clans Pestilens

Clans Skr yre

Clans Verminus

1-3

10 Night Runners

4-6

10 Gutter Runners

20 Giant Rats
or 4 Rat Swarms

3 Pack Masters
or 2 Rat Ogors

15 Plague Monks

10 Skr yre Acolytes

20 Clanrats

10 Plague Censer
Bearers

2 Warplock Jezzails

10 Stormvermin

SPECIAL RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-3

4-6

Clans Moulder

1 Hell Pit Abomination

1 Hell Pit Abomination

Clans Pestilens

1 Plagueclaw

1 Plagueclaw

Clans Skr yre

1 Warp Lightning Cannon

2 Stormfiends


PAGEBREAK
FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

4

5

6

Warpstone Fallout: These crazed followers of the
Horned Rat have consumed prodigious amounts
of warpstone.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 3" of this unit. On a 6 that
enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Savage Retreat: These warriors are at their most
dangerous when they flee for their lives.

If this unit fails a battleshock test, you can pick
1 enemy unit within 3" of this unit and roll a
dice. On a 4+ that enemy unit suffers 1 mortal
wound for each model from this unit that flees.

Scrabbling Tide: This clawpack pours towards
the foe, clambering over their comrades in order
to attack.

All of this unit’s melee weapons are treated as
having a range of 3".

D6

1

Reward

Children of the Horned Rat: Skaven often

call upon the Horned Rat to save their lives –
sometimes he even listens.

Once per battle, at the start of any phase, you
can declare that this unit is calling on the
Horned Rat for protection. If you do so, you can
re-roll save rolls for attacks that target this unit
until the end of that phase.

2

Seething Horde: These followers are almost
countless in number.

In your hero phase, you can return 1 slain
model to this unit. If this unit has a Wounds
characteristic of 1, you can return D3 slain
models instead of 1. Set up the returning models
one at a time within 1" of a model from this unit
(this can be a model you returned to the unit
earlier in the same phase). Returning models
can only be set up within 3" of an enemy unit if
one or more models from this unit are already
within 3" of that enemy unit.

3

Hidden Menace: These warriors hide in the
cracks in reality,
springing forth to ambush
their foes.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is
hidden as a reserve unit. If you do so, at the end
of your first movement phase, you must set up
this unit on the battlefield more than 9" from
any enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

8

9

Savage Overlord: This warlord punishes his
minions’
transgressions with savage brutality.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of units from
your warband while they are wholly within 18"
of your champion.

Warpstone Weapon: Weapons crafted from
warpstone are prized for their extreme lethality .

Pick 1 of your champion’s melee weapons and
note it down on your warband roster as being
made of warpstone. Add 1 to that weapon’s
Damage characteristic.

10

Nefarious: This cunning schemer is able to turn
even a minor victory into a master ful example of
his own prowess.

Add 1 to the Glory Points you earn if you win a
battle and your champion was in your warband.

11

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness surrounds this champion, and an
unholy aura of warding protects him from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this champion. On a 5+ that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

12

Rewarded for Excellence: The Horned Rat sends

forth one of his minions to aid the champion in a
vital battle.

Once during the campaign, you can include 1
VERMINLORD in your warband,
in addition to
any other models you can take.

2

3

4

5

6

7

Punished for Incompetence: The Horned

Rat does not suffer fools or ineffectual
underlings gladly.

You lose 1 Glory Point. In addition, your
champion cannot gain any further rewards for
the rest of the campaign.

Scabrous: This mangy creature is so scrofulous
and diseased that few dare approach too closely .

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target your champion.

Flurr y of Blows: When cornered, this crazed
follower of the Horned Rat attacks with
redoubled fury.

Once per battle, when your champion attacks,
can say that your champion is making a flurry
of blows. If you do so, double the Attacks
characteristic of any melee weapons used by
your champion until the end of that phase.

Malevolent: Spite and hatred drive this warlord
to ever greater heights of v iolence.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with melee weapons by your champion.

Verminous Valour : This vicious rat inspires his
followers to commit terrible acts of self-sacrifice.

Before you allocate a wound or mortal wound to
your champion, you can roll a dice. Subtract 1
from the roll if your champion is a MONSTER or
WAR MACHINE . On a 4+, instead of allocating
the wound or mortal wound to your champion,
you can allocate it to a unit from the same
warband within 3" of your champion.

Sur vivor : One way or another,
this resourceful
champion always finds a way to get out
of danger.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
your champion.


PAGEBREAK
Amidst the ruins of a fallen magmahold, skaven and Fyreslayers do battle for ancient treasures.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes Skaventide warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated February
2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

VIRULENT PROCESSION

Virulent Procession

Massed around the looming horror of a Verminlord Corruptor, the Plague Monks of a Virulent Procession surge
into battle with maddened shrieks to hack, bite and infect all before them. As diseased corpsemeat piles up across
the k i l ling ground, plague-ridden rats boil up from the shadows to feast upon the living and the dead alike.

ORGANISATION

A Virulent Procession consists
of the following units and
warscroll battalions:

• 1 Verminlord Corruptor

• 2+ Congregations of Filth

• 0-1 Foulrain Congregation

• 0-1 Plaguesmog Congregation

ABILITIES

Verminous Infestation: As the

Virulent Procession advances, plague
rats surge forth in furry waves from
their hiding places to gnaw upon and
infect the enemies of the Horned Rat.

At the start of your hero phase,
pick 1 terrain feature within 13"
of this battalion’s VERMINLORD
CORRUPTOR . Roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 3" of that terrain
feature. On a 4+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Congregation of Filth

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CONGREGATION OF FILTH

ORGANISATION

A Congregation of Filth consists
of the following units:

• 1 Plague Priest on
Plague Furnace

• 2+ units of Plague Monks

ABILITIES
Plague Altar : The Plague Monks
that accompany a Plague Furnace
will fight to their last breath for the
greater glory of the Horned Rat.

Roll a dice each time you allocate
a wound or mortal wound to a
PLAGUE MONKS unit from this
battalion while it is wholly within
18" of the same battalion’s PLAGUE
PRIEST . On a 6 that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FOULRAIN CONGREGATION

Foulrain Congregation

ORGANISATION

A Foulrain Congregation consists of the
following units:

• 1 Plague Priest

• 3 Plagueclaws

ABILITIES
Foetid Blessings: The Plague Priest of a Foulrain
Congregation infuses the vile ammunition of his followers’
Plagueclaws with especially virulent diseases.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons by units in this battalion while they are within
13" of the same battalion’s PLAGUE PRIEST .

Plaguesmog Congregation

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PLAGUESMOG CONGREGATION

ORGANISATION

A Plaguesmog Congregation consists of the
following units:

• 1 Plague Priest on Plague Furnace

• 2+ units of Plague Censer Bearers

ABILITIES
Poisonous Miasma: So thick is the roiling cloud
of poisonous smoke that issues from a Plaguesmog
Congregation that to breathe its tainted air is a
death sentence.

You can re-roll the dice that determines if an enemy unit
suffers any mortal wounds when you use the Poisonous
Fumes ability if that enemy unit is within 3" of a unit
from this battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Warpcog Convocation

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WARPCOG CONVOCATION

The Warpcog Convocations of the Clans Skr yre go to war amid the hiss, whirr, clatter and roar of their many
unstable yet deadly war machines. From hails of bullets to blasts of flame, they unleash myriad forms of death
upon the shrieked orders of their ruling Arch-Warlocks.

ORGANISATION

A Warpcog Convocation
consists of the following units
and Enginecovens:

• 1 Arch-Warlock

• 2-5 Enginecovens chosen in
any combination from the
following list:

- Arkhspark Voltik: 1 Warlock

Engineer or Warlock
Bombardier, 1-3 Warp
Lightning Cannons

- Gautfyre Skorch: 1 Warlock

Engineer or Warlock
Bombardier, 1-4 units of
Stormfiends, 1-5 Warpfire
Throwers, 1-5 Warp Grinders

- Gascloud Chokelung: 1

Warlock Engineer or Warlock
Bombardier, 1-3 units of
Stormfiends, 2-5 units of
Skr yre Acolytes

- Rattlegauge Warplock: 1

Warlock Engineer or Warlock
Bombardier, 1-3 units of
Stormfiends, 1-3 units of
Warplock Jezzails, 1-5
Ratling Guns

- Whyrlblade Threshik: 1

Warlock Engineer or Warlock
Bombardier, 1-3 units of
Stormfiends, 1-3 Doomwheels,
1-5 Doom-Flayers


PAGEBREAK
ABILITIES

Arkhspark Voltik: This

enginecoven’s warlock fine-tunes
the energy output of its Warp
Lightning Cannons.

In your shooting phase, you can pick

1 WARP LIGHTNING CANNON from

this enginecoven that is within 13" of

the WARLOCK ENGINEER from the

same enginecoven, or the ARCH-
WARLOCK from the same battalion.
If you do so, subtract 1 from the

power of that WARP LIGHTNING

CANNON ’s Warp Lightning Blast in
that shooting phase (to a minimum
power of 1).

Gascloud Chokelung: The warlock

of this enginecoven makes sure that
none of his minions waste their
precious poisoned wind globes.

Rattlegauge Warplock: This

enginecoven’s warlock makes his
minions practise constantly to
improve their aim.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made with missile weapons
by this enginecoven’s SKRYRE

ACOLYTES and STORMFIENDS

armed with Windlaunchers while
they are wholly within 13" of the

WARLOCK ENGINEER from the

same enginecoven, or the ARCH-
WARLOCK from the same battalion.

Gautfyre Skorch: The crews of this

enginecoven’s Warp-Grinders are
forced by their warlock to build
especially large and elaborate
tunnel networks.

Up to 2 units can join each WARP-
GRINDER from this enginecoven
instead of only 1, as long as both
of the units come from the same
enginecoven as the WARP-GRINDER
that they join tunnelling.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for
attacks made with missile weapons
by this enginecoven’s WARPLOCK

JEZZAILS and RATLING GUNS

while they are wholly within 13" of

the WARLOCK ENGINEER from the

same enginecoven, or the ARCH-
WARLOCK from the same battalion.

Whyrlblade Threshik: This

enginecoven’s overseer drives his
minions forward relentlessly.

You can move a unit from this
enginecoven an extra 3" when it
starts the move wholly within 13" of

the WARLOCK ENGINEER from the

same enginecoven, or the ARCH-
WARLOCK from the same battalion.

T ydaeus Foebreaker stared out into the dawn
mists. Behind the sigmarite faceplate of
his helm, the Stormcast Eternal’s eyes were
narrowed. He could feel the taint of Chaos somewhere
out there, concealed amidst the dense fog, growing
closer by the moment. He glanced left and right.
Several dozen Celestial Knights waited along the
line of the ancient, moss-thick wall, Judicators
at vantage points with their skybolt bows ready,
Liberators and Retributors anchoring the gaps in the
age-old for tification.
Let the enemy come, thought Tydaeus. The servants
of Sigmar were prepared.
He didn’t have long to wait. From the mists, Tydaeus
heard the grind of metal on metal, interspersed with a
harsh crackling and the rumbling roar of mechanical
eng ines. Green light flashed and leapt. Weird
sounds multiplied and drew closer by the moment –
scrabbling talons, clinking and clattering,
loud thuds
and gassy roars.
When the first shots came, they were so sudden
that even the Stormcasts were caught by surpr ise.
Green streaks cut the air,
leaving swirling tunnels of
mist in their wake. By the time he heard the crack of
weapons discharge, several Judicators had already
been smashed backwards from their vantage points to
crash down with glowing craters blasted through their
armour. Lightning flared as their souls broke free from

their bodies and shot to the skies. Tydaeus would see
those comrades beyond the anv ils, he thought, but for
now the living must fight on.
His keen eyes caught tumbling movement above,
objects plunging down upon the Stormcast lines.
‘Projectiles incoming!’ he bellowed, hurling himself
sideways as a spinning glass globe bigger than his
head smashed down where he had stood. It shattered,
noxious green fumes boiling from inside and blistering
the grass black where they touched. Several of his
comrades were not so for tunate, sigmarite rusting
and flesh sloughing away as the poisoned wind did its
work. More souls flashed heavenswards, and Tydaeus
snarled his anger.
At last the mists began to tatter apar t, shredded
and scattered by the rising w inds, and as they did,
Tydaeus beheld the enemy proper. Dozens of arcane
war eng ines churned forward on huge iron-banded
wheels. Lumbering rat-monsters stomped closer, their
swollen bodies plated in armour,
their limbs ending
in lethal-looking firearms and combat weapons. Two-
skaven teams lugged strange contraptions into battle,
and as they squeezed their triggers they unleashed
hails of shots and roaring columns of green-black
flame into the Stormcast lines.
‘Forward, brothers and sisters, slay the tainted
vermin!’ bellowed Tydaeus, yet even as he broke into a
heroic charge, he knew his comrades could not prevail.


PAGEBREAK
Claw-horde

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CLAW-HORDE

Personally selected by a Clawlord to serve as his enforcers and living shields, the ratmen of the Claw-hordes
fight with particular ferocity, for they know that success in their master’s sight may bring the chance of reward,
advancement, and perhaps even a chance to supplant him. Failure, on the other hand, is met only with death.

ORGANISATION

A Claw-horde consists of the
following units:

• 1 Clawlord

• 1-3 units of Stormvermin

• 2-9 units of Clanrats

ABILITIES
Claw-picked: The Stormvermin and
Clanrats in a Verminus Claw-horde
are carefully selected by its Clawlord
for their aggression and cunning.

When the CLAWLORD from this
battalion use the Gnash-gnaw on
their Bones! command ability,
instead of picking 1 unit wholly
within 13" of the CLAWLORD ,
you can pick all of the units from
the same battalion that are wholly
within 13" of the CLAWLORD .


PAGEBREAK
Fleshmeld Menagerie

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FLESHMELD MENAGERIE

When a Master Moulder gathers the fu l l might of his underlings and beast packs about him, such formations
are known as Fleshmeld Menageries. They take the form of wave upon wave of twisted abominations, verminous
terrors both large and small that scramble over and around one another in order to sink their fangs into the foe.

ORGANISATION

A Fleshmeld Menagerie consists of
the following units:

• 1 Master Moulder

• 0-3 Hell Pit Abominations

• 1-3 units of Packmasters

• 1-4 units of Rat Swarms or Giant
Rats in any combination

• 1-4 units of Rat Ogors

ABILITIES

More-more-more Beasts!: The

Master Moulder that commands a
Fleshmeld Menagerie has created an
almost endless horde of beasts.

When the Master Moulder from this
battalion uses the Unleash More-
more Beasts! command ability for a
unit from the same battalion that has
been destroyed, a new unit is added
to your army on a roll of 4+ instead
of 5+.


PAGEBREAK
Slinktalon

WARSCROLL BATTALION

SLINKTALON

A Slinktalon is an assassination force of Eshin operatives led by a devious Deathmaster, which closes like a noose
of shadow around its victims. Only when they are perfectly poised do the skaven strike as one, taking their cue
from their master and hitting their targets from all sides in a blizzard of throwing stars and envenomed blades.

ORGANISATION

A Slinktalon consists of the
following units:

• 1 Deathmaster

• 1-4 units of Gutter Runners

• 2-8 units of Night Runners

ABILITIES

Murder-slay, Now-now!: At the

Deathmaster’s
command, the
Slinktalon executes its carefully
conceived assassination plan.

If the DEATHMASTER from this
battalion is set up in hiding as
a reserve unit, in the combat
phase in which it is set up on the
battlefield you can re-roll hit rolls
for attacks made by units from the
same battalion.


PAGEBREAK
Thanquol on Boneripper

WARSCROLL

14

4+

7

THANQUOL

ON BONERIPPER

Grey Seer Thanquol is a paranoid megalomaniac with a warpstone addiction and a
brain fu l l of fevered schemes for greatness. Riding on the shoulders of his monstrous
Rat Ogor, Boneripper, he unleashes sorcerous fur y on all who stand in his way.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warpfire Projectors

MELEE WEAPONS

Staff of the Horned Rat
Warpfire Braziers
Crushing Blows

Range

8"

Range

2"
2"
2"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

2
See below

To Hit

4+
3+
4+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-1
-2
-1

Damage

D3
3
2

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

Move

10"
9"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Crushing Blows

6
5
4
3
2

Staff of the Horned Rat

+2
+2
+1
+1
0

DESCRIPTION

Thanquol on Boneripper is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with the Staff
of the Horned Rat.

MOUNT: Thanquol’s mount, Boneripper,
is
armed with a total of four warpfire weapons,
which can be any combination of Warpfire
Braziers and/or Warpfire Projectors.

ABILITIES

Protection of the Horned Rat: Thanquol has had

more than his fair share of miraculous escapes. He
attributes these to his own genius and wondrous
good for tune, but in truth the Great Horned Rat
keeps one eye on his antics and – on occasion –
indulgently wards him from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Staff of the Horned Rat: Thanquol can draw on

the magical energy stored in his staff to enhance
the spells that he casts. Once, he viewed this as the
blessings of the Horned One made manifest; now,
he sees it simply as cunningly acquired power.

Add the Staff of the Horned Rat modifier shown
on the damage table above to casting rolls for
this model.

Warp-amulet: Thanquol wears a thrumming
green warpstone amulet, the mutating magics
of which serve to meld and rapidly heal his or
Boneripper’s flesh if either of them is injured.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this model.

Warpfire Braziers: These enormous,

fume-
belching wrecking balls allow Boneripper to crush
the largest foes with ease.

The Attacks characteristic for this model’s
Warpfire Braziers is equal to double the
number of Warpfire Braziers that Boneripper is
armed with.

Warpfire Projectors: These horrific weapons

engulf the target in searing gouts of warpfire.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Warpfire Projectors. Instead, roll
X dice for each model in the target unit that is
within 8" of this model, where X is equal to the
number of Warpfire Projectors this model is
armed with. For each 4+ the target unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Warpstone Addiction: Thanquol

is addicted
to warpstone, and can consume it in quantities
that would kill any other Grey Seer. This serves
to supercharge his magics, though not without
eroding his sanity and ravaging his scrawny frame.

Once in each of your hero phases, when this
model attempts to cast a spell, you can say it wi l l
consume a warpstone token before you make
the casting roll. If you do so, roll 3D6. This roll
cannot be re-rolled or modified. If the 3D6 roll is
13, the spell is cast and cannot be unbound, and
after the effects of the spell have been resolved
this model suffers D6 mortal wounds. If the 3D6
roll was not 13, remove 1 dice of your choice, and
then use the remaining 2D6 as the casting roll.

MAGIC

Thanquol on Boneripper is a WIZARD. He can
attempt
to cast two spells in your hero phase, and
attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero
phase. He knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Madness spells.

Madness: Thanquol

tw ists the perception of
a nearby foe so that they lash out at everyone
around them, or even attack themselves.

Madness has a casting value of 8. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy HERO within 3" of the caster
and visible to them, and roll a number of dice
equal to the combined value of the Attacks
characteristics of all melee weapons that HERO is
armed with. For each 5+ you can inflict 1 mortal
wound on 1 enemy unit within 3" of that HERO
(you can choose different units to suffer the
mortal wounds if you wish).

COMMAND ABILITIES

Power Behind the Throne: Thanquol manipulates

all around him,
letting others think they are in
charge when in fact they are only carry ing out
his w ishes.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your hero phase. If you do so, until your
next hero phase, one friendly SKAVEN HERO
other than this model can use the At the Double
command ability without a command point being
spent; another friendly SKAVEN HERO other
than this model can use the Forward to Victory
command ability without a command point being
spent; and a third friendly SKAVEN HERO other
than this model can use the Inspiring Presence
command ability without a command point
being spent.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, MASTERCLAN, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, GREY SEER, THANQUOL


PAGEBREAK
Lord Skreech Verminking

WARSCROLL

12

4+

10

LORD SKREECH VERMINKING

Malevolent and terrify ing beyond words, this most ancient and monstrous of all
the Verminlords is a blight upon reality. He can draw upon the masteries of all his
anarchic species, and wields the most dire sorceries in all skavendom.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Prehensile Tails

MELEE WEAPONS

Doom Glaive
Plaguereaper

Range

6"

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Prehensile Tails

4
3
2
1
0

Plaguereaper

8
7
6
5
4

DESCRIPTION

Lord Skreech Verminking is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with a Doom
Glaive, a Plaguereaper and Prehensile Tails.

ABILITIES

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this being, and an unholy
aura of warding protects them from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

The Thirteen-headed One: Lord Verminking can

call upon his knowledge of the shadowslinking of
Eshin, the fleshcrafting of Moulder,
the plague-
brewing of Pestilens,
the warp-tech of Skryre, the
warrior skill of Verminus or the arcane lore of
the Masterclan.

At the start of your hero phase, pick 1 one of the
following areas of knowledge for this model to
draw upon. The rule for that area of knowledge
applies to this model until your next hero phase.
You cannot pick the same area of knowledge
more than once per battle.

Knowledge of the Arcane: Add 1 to casting,

dispelling and unbinding rolls for this model.

Knowledge of Fleshcrafting: Heal D3 wounds

allocated to this model when you pick this area
of knowledge.

Knowledge of Plague-brew ing: If the unmodified

hit roll for an attack made with this model’s
Plaguereaper is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Knowledge of Shadowslinking: Subtract 1 from hit

rolls for attacks that target this model.

Knowledge of Warp-tech: This model’s Doom

Glaive has a Rend characteristic of -3 instead
of -1.

Knowledge of the Warrior : Add 1 to hit rolls for

attacks made by this model.

MAGIC

Lord Skreech Verminking is a WIZARD. He can
attempt
to cast two spells in your hero phase, and
attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero
phase. He knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Dreaded Thirteenth Spell spells.

Dreaded Thirteenth Spell: With a sickening

lurch, the fabric of reality is torn open by the
tw isting, mutating power of the Great Horned Rat.

The Dreaded Thirteenth Spell has a casting
value of 8. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy
unit within 13" of the caster and visible to them,
and roll 13 dice. For each 4+ that unit suffers
1 mortal wound. You can then summon 1 unit
of CLANRATS to the battlefield, and add it to
your army. The summoned unit can have up to 1
model for each mortal wound that was inflicted
by this spell. The summoned unit must be set up
wholly within 13" of the caster and more than
9" from any enemy units. The summoned unit
cannot move in the following movement phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

The Rat King: The warriors of the skaventides
fight with rabid fury at Lord Skreech’s
command,
in a futile attempt
to curry his favour.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase. If you do so, in that phase
you can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
by friendly SKAVENTIDE units while they are
wholly within 13" of a friendly model with this
command ability.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, VERMINLORD, SKAVENTIDE, MASTERCLAN, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD,
LORD SKREECH VERMINKING


PAGEBREAK
Verminlord Deceiver

WARSCROLL

12

4+

10

VERMINLORD DECEIVER

Abominations shrouded in darkness and dread, Verminlord Deceivers move like
lightning and strike like death’s own blade. Leaping through the ether, they burst
from the shadows in a whirlwind of murder before vanishing without trace.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Doomstar
Prehensile Tails

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpstiletto

Range

13"
6"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+
3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

To Wound

Rend

-1
-1

Rend

-3

Damage

D3
1

Damage

D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Prehensile Tails

4
3
2
1
0

Warpstiletto

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

DESCRIPTION

A Verminlord Deceiver is a single model
armed with a Warpstiletto, Doomstar and
Prehensile Tails.

ABILITIES

Doomstar : A Doomstar is a triple-bladed
throwing star of horrific size whose blades are
sharp enough to cut reality itself. When hurled,
it scythes down foes in a great circling arc before
returning to the Verminlord’s waiting claws.

A Doomstar has a Damage characteristic of
D6 instead of D3 if the target unit has 10 or
more models.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this being, and an unholy
aura of warding protects them from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Shrouded In Darkness: Verminlord Deceivers

are wreathed in shifting veils of unnatural
that obscure their monstrous forms.

shadow

Subtract 2 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this model.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Lord of Assassins: The skulking warriors of the
Clans Eshin will attack viciously at the command
of a Verminlord Deceiver.

You can use this command ability in your
shooting phase or any combat phase. If you do
so, pick 1 friendly model with this command
ability. In that phase, you can re-roll wound rolls
for friendly CLANS ESHIN units while they are
wholly within 13" of that model.

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Dreaded Skitterleap spells.

Dreaded Skitterleap: The Verminlord Deceiver
or one of his minions vanishes in a puff of smoke,
only to reappear elsewhere on the battlefield an
eye-blink later.

Dreaded Skitterleap has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SKAVENTIDE
HERO with a Wounds characteristic of 12 or
less that is within 26" of the caster and visible to
them. Remove that HERO from the battlefield
and then set it up again anywhere on the
battlefield more than 6" from any enemy units.
That HERO may not move in the following
movement phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, VERMINLORD, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS ESHIN, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD,
VERMINLORD DECEIVER


PAGEBREAK
Verminlord Corruptor

WARSCROLL

12

4+

10

VERMINLORD CORRUPTOR

Ancient and malevolent, this eldritch servant of the Horned Rat is corruption
personified, and a single hissed syllable or flick of its sick le-blades can reduce the
mightiest foes to a heap of putrid ooze in seconds.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Prehensile Tails

MELEE WEAPONS

Plaguereapers

Range

6"

Range

1"

Attacks

Attacks

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Prehensile Tails

4
3
2
1
0

Plaguereapers

10
9
8
7
6

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Lord of Pestilence: The diseased warriors
of the Clans Pestilens are driven into an
even greater frenzy by the commands of a
Verminlord Corruptor.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly model with
this command ability. In that phase, you can
re-roll hit rolls for friendly CLANS PESTILENS
units while they are wholly within 13" of
that model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Dreaded Plague spells.

Dreaded Plague: The Verminlord Corruptor
vomits up the tw isted syllables of a dread
invocation, unleashing a horrific ensorcelled
plague that spreads like wildfire through the
enemy ranks and rapidly reduces its victims to
split and seeping corpses.

Dreaded Plague has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
13" of the caster and roll 1 dice for each model
in that unit. For each 4+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

DESCRIPTION

A Verminlord Corruptor is a single model armed
with Plaguereapers and Prehensile Tails.

ABILITIES

Plaguereapers: These sickle-like blades drip
with the accumulated filth of a thousand
diseased middens. The slightest nick or cut from
them poisons the blood and reduces flesh to
sloughing slime.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
this model’s Plaguereapers is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound and the attack sequence ends (do
not make a wound or save roll).

Plaguemaster : A Verminlord Corruptor is utterly
infested with hideous parasites that spill
forth to
bedevil its foes, even as its unholy miasma curdles
their breath in their lungs and rots their bones
from within.

At the end of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each enemy unit within 1" of this model. On a 4+
that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this being, and an unholy
aura of warding protects them from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, VERMINLORD, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, MONSTER, HERO,
WIZARD, VERMINLORD CORRUPTOR


PAGEBREAK
Verminlord Warbringer

WARSCROLL

12

4+

10

VERMINLORD WARBRINGER

Verminlord Warbringers are toweringly arrogant monstrosities whose every instinct
screams for conquest at any price, and whose martial sk i l l is preternatural. None can
long stand against them before being reduced to gory trophies.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Prehensile Tails

MELEE WEAPONS

Doom Glaive
Spike-fist

Range

6"

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

Attacks

6
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-2

Damage

1

Damage

D3
2

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Prehensile Tails

4
3
2
1
0

Spike-fist

2+
3+
3+
4+
4+

COMMAND ABILITIES

Tyrant of Battle: The fierce warriors of the Clans
Verminus will attack with terrible vigour at the
command of a Verminlord Warbringer.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly model with
this command ability. In that phase, you can re-
roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for friendly CLANS
VERMINUS units while they are wholly within
13" of that model.

DESCRIPTION

A Verminlord Warbringer is a single model
armed with a Doom Glaive, Spike-fist and
Prehensile Tails.

ABILITIES

Amidst the Seething Tide: Warbringers draw

streng th from being immersed in a scrabbling tide
of Verminus worshippers.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by
this model while it is within 13" of 13 or more
friendly SKAVEN models.

Fist of Verminus Supremacy : Warbringers drive

their spike-fists into their enemy’s weak spots,
exploiting the slightest gap in their foe’s defences to
deliver a bloody coup de grace.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with this model’s Spike-fist is 6, add 4 to the
damage inflicted by that attack.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this being, and an unholy
aura of warding protects them from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Dreaded Death Frenzy spells.

Dreaded Death Frenzy : With a snarled

invocation of goading,
the Warbringer
triggers the
black hunger in its underlings, driving them into a
froth-jawed murder frenzy.

Dreaded Death Frenzy has a casting value of
7. If successfully cast, pick up to D3 friendly
SKAVENTIDE units wholly within 13" of the
caster and visible to them. Until your next hero
phase, when a model from any of those units is
slain, before it is removed from play,
it can make
a pile-in move and then attack with all of the
melee weapons it is armed with.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, VERMINLORD, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD,
VERMINLORD WARBRINGER


PAGEBREAK
Verminlord Warpseer

WARSCROLL

12

4+

10

VERMINLORD WARPSEER

A Verminlord Warpseer is a twisted master of the arcane arts, a rat daemon possessed
of sorcerous knowledge fit to drive mortal minds to madness, and the power to
unleash screaming maelstroms torn directly from the Realm of Chaos.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Prehensile Tails

MELEE WEAPONS

Doom Glaive

Range

6"

Range

3"

Attacks

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Damage

D3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
4"

Prehensile Tails

4
3
2
1
0

Doom Glaive

2+
2+
3+
3+
4+

COMMAND ABILITIES

Forth-forth, Children of the Horned Rat!:

Verminlord Warpseers are arch-schemers who
take command of skaven swarms to fur ther their
labyrinthine plots.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the battleshock phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly model with this command ability. Do
not take battleshock tests for friendly SKAVEN
units while they are wholly within 26" of that
model in that phase.

DESCRIPTION

A Verminlord Warpseer is a single model armed
with a Doom Glaive and Prehensile Tails.

ABILITIES

The Great Manipulators: A Warpseer’s mind

boils with plans and intrigues,
labyrinthine
schemes overlaying and entangling one another
into deranged infinity.

If this model is on the battlefield at the start of
your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 3+, you receive
1 extra command point. On a 6 you receive D3
extra command points instead of 1.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this being, and an unholy
aura of warding protects them from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Scry-orb: Conjured out of nothingness,
these
swirling orbs can show the Warpseer glimpses of
the future, or be hurled into the enemy’s midst to
explode in shattering clouds of madness.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this model. In addition, once per battle,
in your
shooting phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit within
13" of this model and visible to them. That unit
suffers D6 mortal wounds, but you cannot use
this ability to re-roll save rolls for this model for
the rest of the battle.

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Dreaded Warpgale spells.

Dreaded Warpgale: Screeching dark words in
an unholy tongue, the Warpseer par ts the veil of
reality and draws a ravening gale of unnatural
energies for th. The skies darken, clouds of glowing
madness spill across the heavens, and bolts of
warp lightning lash down to blast the rat daemon’s
enemies into oblivion.

Dreaded Warpgale has a casting value of 8. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 26" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D6 mortal wounds, and run and charge rolls for
that unit are halved until your next hero phase. If
that unit can fly,
it cannot fly until your next hero
phase (in addition to having its run and charge
rolls halved).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, VERMINLORD, SKAVENTIDE, MASTERCLAN, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD,
VERMINLORD WARPSEER


PAGEBREAK
Grey Seer on Screaming Bell

WARSCROLL

GREY SEER

ON SCREAMING BELL

13

4+

6

Mounted atop the creaking carriage of a Screaming Bell, a Grey Seer hurls dark
sorcery into the enemy ranks. The ensorcelled bell tolls again and again, its warped
peals shattering stone and bone, splintering sanity and rending reality itself.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpstone Staff
Tearing Claws and Fangs
Rusty Spikes

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
4
D6

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-1

Damage

1
2
1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Rusty Spikes

Peal of Doom

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

6"
6"
4"
4"
3"

2+
3+
4+
4+
5+

26"
22"
18"
14"
10"

DESCRIPTION

A Grey Seer on Screaming Bell is a single model
armed with a Warpstone Staff.

MOUNT: This model’s Screaming Bell attacks
with its Rusty Spikes.

CREW: This model has a Rat Ogor crew that
attacks with its Tearing Claws and Fangs. For
rules purposes, the Rat Ogor is treated in the
same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Altar of the Horned Rat: Those skaven that

scurry to battle in the shadow of a Screaming Bell
are filled with the cer tainty of victory.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly within
13" of this model.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this war engine, and an
unholy warding protects it from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Pushed into Battle: The Screaming Bell’s wheeled
carriage is heaved into battle by the massed skaven
that swarm about it.

This model cannot move unless it starts the move
within 6" of 10 or more friendly SKAVENTIDE
models. In addition, this model’s Rusty Spikes
have an Attacks characteristic of 2D6 instead
of D6 if this model made a charge move in the
same turn.

Peal of Doom: The ominous tolling of a Screaming
Bell resounds above the clamour of battle, crying
out ‘Doom! Doom! Doom!’.

12

At the start of your hero phase, roll 2D6 for this
model and look up the result on the table below.
The range of the Peal of Doom is shown on the
damage table above.

2D6

Result

A Stirring Beyond the Veil: You can

summon a VERMINLORD to the
battlefield and add it to your army. The
summoned unit must be set up within
range of this model’s Peal of Doom and
more than 9" from any enemy units. If
you roll this result a second or subsequent
time during a battle, heal up to 12
wounds allocated to this model instead of
summoning a VERMINLORD .

2

3-4

5-6

7

8-9

Magical Backlash: Each unit within 3" of
this model suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Unholy Clamour : Add D6" to this model’s
Move characteristic until your next
hero phase.

Deafening Peals: Roll a dice for each
enemy unit within range of this model’s
Peal of Doom. On a 4+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Avalanche

of Energy : Until the end of
this hero phase, add 1 to casting rolls for

friendly SKAVENTIDE WIZARDS that

are within range of this model’s Peal
of Doom.

Apocalyptic Doom: Roll a dice for each

enemy unit within range of this model’s
Peal of Doom. On a 4+ that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds.

10-11 Wall of Unholy Sound: Until your next

hero phase, subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks made by enemy units while they
are wholly within range of this model’s
Peal of Doom.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Cracks Call spells.

Cracks Cal l: Harnessing the thunderous peals
of the Screaming Bell, the Grey Seer channels
a reverberating sorcerous blast into the ground
beneath the enemy’s
feet. Gaping chasms and
fume-gouting rents yawn w ide, sending screaming
victims vanishing into the depths.

Cracks Call has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
18" of the caster and visible to them, and roll
2D6. If the roll is greater than that unit’s Move
characteristic, that unit suffers a number of
mortal wounds equal to the difference between its
Move characteristic and the roll. This spell has no
effect on units that can fly.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, MASTERCLAN, WAR MACHINE, HERO, WIZARD, SCREAMING BELL,
GREY SEER


PAGEBREAK
5

5+

6"

6

WARSCROLL

GREY SEER

Grey Seer

Grey Seers are manipulators and master sorcerers who attempt to direct the skaven to
ultimate victor y at any price. They are dangerous and deranged, more than w i l ling to
devour raw warpstone in order to supercharge their magical abilities.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpstone Staff

Range

2"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A Grey Seer is a single model armed with a
Warpstone Staff.

ABILITIES

Warpstone Tokens: Potentially lethal
warpstone is consumed by Grey Seers to aid
their spellcasting.

Once in each of your hero phases, when this
model attempts to cast a spell, you can say it wi l l
consume a warpstone token before you make
the casting roll. If you do so, roll 3D6. This roll
cannot be re-rolled or modified. If the 3D6 roll is
13, the spell is cast and cannot be unbound, and

after the effects of the spell have been resolved
this model is slain. If the 3D6 roll was not 13,
remove 1 dice of your choice, and then use the
remaining 2D6 as the casting roll.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind two spells in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Wither spells.

Wither : The Grey Seer hurls a glowing green globe
of magical energy at a foe. Anyone touched by the
globe star ts to shrivel and wither away.

Wither has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 13" of the caster
and visible to them, and roll 2D6. If the roll is
greater than that unit’s Wounds characteristic,
that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. In addition,
if the roll is greater than that unit’s Wounds
characteristic, subtract 1 from hit rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons by that unit
until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, MASTERCLAN, HERO, WIZARD, GREY SEER

PAGEBREAK

Arch-Warlock

6

6"

6

3+

WARSCROLL

ARCH-WARLOCK

The Arch-Warlocks of the Clans Skr yre are armour-clad killers whose warp-tech
weapons and arcane ability have been the death of countless foes. Though they prefer
to lead from the back, Arch-Warlocks are deadly in their own right.

MELEE WEAPONS

Stormcage Halberd
Piston Claw

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-2
-2

Damage

D3
3

DESCRIPTION

An Arch-Warlock is a single model armed with a
Stormcage Halberd and Piston Claw.

ABILITIES

More-more Stormcage!: A stormcage halberd’s

generator can be overloaded,

if the w ielder dares.

Before you make a hit roll for an attack with
a Stormcage Halberd, you can say that the
engineer has overloaded its generator.
If you do
so, the Damage characteristic for that attack is
D6 instead of D3. However,
if you do so and the
unmodified hit roll is 1, that attack fails and this
model suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Warpfire Gauntlet: In an emergency,

this weapon
can be used to spit a stream of warpfire at the foe.

Warp L ightning Storm: The Arch-Warlock

summons a crackling tempest to kill-smite his foes.

Once per battle,
in your shooting phase, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 8" of this model and
visible to them, and roll a dice. On a 2+ that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
two spells in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Warp
Lightning Storm spells.

Warp Lightning Storm has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick up to D3 enemy units
within 13" of the caster and visible to them.
Those units each suffer D3 mortal wounds.
Before making the casting roll, you can say that
this model wi l l use its warp-power accumulator
to augment the spell. If you do so and the casting
attempt
is successful and not unbound, the spell
inflicts D6 mortal wounds on each of those units
instead of D3. However,
if you do so and the
casting attempt
fails or is unbound, this model
suffers D3xD6 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, HERO, WIZARD, WARLOCK ENGINEER,
ARCH-WARLOCK


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL

Warlock Engineer

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, HERO, WIZARD, WARLOCK ENGINEER

KEYWORDS

Warlock Engineers scurr y into battle with arcane engines strapped to their backs and
crack ling weapons of war clutched in their gnarled claws. Their warp lightning arcs
out to make their victims twitch and dance as it burns them alive.

WARLOCK ENGINEER

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Warplock Pistol

9"

1

3+

3+

-1

D3

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Warp-energy Blade

1"

1

4+

3+

-1

D3

6"

5

5

5+

WARSCROLL

Warlock Bombardier

DESCRIPTION

A Warlock Engineer is a single model armed
with a Warplock Pistol and Warp-energy Blade.

ABILITIES

More-more Warp-energy!: A warp-energy

blade’s generator can be overloaded,
w ielder dares.

if the

Before you make a hit roll for an attack with
a Warp-energy Blade, you can say that the
engineer has overloaded its generator.
If you do
so, the Damage characteristic for that attack is

D6 instead of D3. However,
if you do so and the
unmodified hit roll is 1, that attack fails and this
model suffers D6 mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Warp Lightning spell. Any number
to cast
Warp Lightning spells in the same hero phase.

of WARLOCK ENGINEERS can attempt

Warp L ightning: The engineer points his claw,
and bolts of warp lightning arc outwards.

Warp Lightning has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 13" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. Before making the casting
roll, you can say that this model wi l l use its
warp-power accumulator to augment the spell.
If you do so and the casting attempt
is successful
and not unbound, the spell inflicts D6 mortal
wounds instead of D3. However,
if you do so
and the casting attempt
fails or is unbound, this
model suffers D6 mortal wounds.

DESCRIPTION

A Warlock Bombardier is a single model armed
with a Doomrocket and Firing Pole.

ABILITIES

More-more Doomrocket!: A doomrocket’s

warhead can be overloaded,

if the w ielder dares.

Before you make a hit roll for an attack with a
Doomrocket, you can say that the engineer has
overloaded its warhead. If you do so, the Damage
characteristic for that attack is 2D6 instead of
D6. However,
if you do so and the unmodified

hit roll is 1, that attack fails and this model
suffers 2D6 mortal wounds.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. It
knows the Warp Lightning spell. Any number
to cast
Warp Lightning spells in the same hero phase.

of WARLOCK ENGINEERS can attempt

Warp L ightning: The engineer points his claw,
and bolts of warp lightning arc outwards.

Warp Lightning has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 13" of
the caster and visible to them. That unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds. Before making the casting
roll, you can say that this model wi l l use its
warp-power accumulator to augment the spell.
If you do so and the casting attempt
is successful
and not unbound, the spell inflicts D6 mortal
wounds instead of D3. However,
if you do so
and the casting attempt
fails or is unbound, this
model suffers D6 mortal wounds.

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, HERO, WIZARD, WARLOCK ENGINEER,
WARLOCK BOMBARDIER

Warlock Bombardiers are those engineers who develop a particular penchant
for weapons that deliver explosive death from extreme range. Their alchemical
armaments cause substantial devastation wherever they strike home.

WARLOCK BOMBARDIER

6"

5

5

5+

MISSILE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Doomrocket

18"

1

4+

3+

-1

D6

MELEE WEAPONS

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

Firing Pole

1"

1

5+

5+

-

1


PAGEBREAK
6

4+

6

Stormfiends

6"

WARSCROLL

STORMFIENDS

Stormfiends are monstrous fusions of vat-bred Rat Ogors and Skr yre contraptions.
They are the lumbering shock-troops of the Clans Skr yre, and can sweep away entire
enemy units in a heartbeat with their vicious wonder-weapons.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ratling Cannons
Windlaunchers
Warpfire Projectors

MELEE WEAPONS

Doomflayer Gauntlets
Grinderfists
Shock Gauntlets
Clubbing Blows

Range

12"
24"
8"

Range

1"
1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3D6
3

To Hit

4+
4+

Attacks

2D3
4
4
4

To Hit

3+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
See below

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-3

Rend

-2
-2
-1
-

Damage

1
D3

Damage

D3
2
2
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Stormfiends has any number of
models. Up to one third of the models in the
unit (rounding up) can be armed with one of the
following weapon options: Warpfire Projectors
and Clubbing Blows; or Windlaunchers and
Clubbing Blows.

Up to one third of the models in the unit
(rounding up) can be armed with one of the
following weapon options: Grinderfists; or
Ratling Cannons and Clubbing Blows.

Up to one third of the models in the unit
(rounding up) can be armed with one of the
following weapon options: Doomflayer Gauntlets
and Warpstone-laced Armour ; or Shock
Gauntlets and Warpstone-laced Armour.

ABILITIES

Doomflayer Gauntlets: Whirling gyroscopic

gears make doomflayer gauntlets especially deadly
when the bearer charges at a foe.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
Doomflayer Gauntlets if the attacking model
made a charge move in the same turn.

Grinderfist Tunnellers: Grinderfists can be used

to create underground tunnels.

Warpfire Projectors: These horrific weapons

engulf the target in searing gouts of warpfire.

If a unit includes any models equipped with
Grinderfists,
instead of setting up that unit on
the battlefield, you can place it to one side and
say that it is set up underground as a reserve unit.

At the end of each of your movement phases, roll
a dice for each underground reserve unit. On a 1
or 2, that unit remains underground in reserve
(roll for it again in your next movement phase).
On a 3+ set up that unit on the battlefield more
than 9" from any enemy units.

Any underground reserve units that are still
underground and which fail to arrive at the
end of your third movement phase suffer D6
mortal wounds. Any sur viving models are then
set up on the battlefield more than 9" from any
enemy units.

Shock Gauntlets: Sometimes the electrical
discharges created by a pair of shock gauntlets
create a series of linked explosions.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Shock Gauntlets is 6, that attack inflicts D6 hits
on that target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with Warpfire Projectors. Instead, roll
a dice for each model in the target unit that is
within 8" of the attacking model. For each 4+ the
target unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Warpstone-laced Armour : Stormfiends

armed with doomflayer gauntlets or shock
gauntlets are protected by heavy plates of
warpstone-laced armour.

A model wearing Warpstone-laced Armour has a
Wounds characteristic of 7 instead of 6.

Windlaunchers: The gas clouds unleashed by
a windlauncher engulf even the largest enemy
formations in choking poisonous fumes.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with
Windlaunchers if the target has 10 or
more models. In addition, Windlaunchers can
target enemy units that are not visible to the
attacking model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, CLANS SKRYRE, STORMFIENDS


PAGEBREAK
8

4+

3"

4

Warp Lightning Cannon

WARSCROLL

WARP LIGHTNING CANNON

The Warp L ightning Cannon channels energy from a huge chunk of refined
warpstone in order to send roiling blasts of green-and-black lightning hurtling across
the battlefield.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warp L ightning Blast

MELEE WEAPONS

Teeth and Knives

Range

24"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

D6

To Hit

5+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

5+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Warp Lightning Cannon is a single model
armed with a Warp Lightning Blast and the
crew’s Teeth and Knives.

ABILITIES

Warp L ightning Blast: A Warp Lightning

Cannon fires bolts of pure warp lightning that
disintegrate any who are caught by them.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Warp Lightning Blast. Instead roll

a dice; that roll determines the power of that
attack. Then roll 6 more dice. The target suffers 1
mortal wound for each of those rolls that is equal
to or greater than the power of that attack.

More-more Warp L ightning!: A Warlock

Engineer can increase the power output of a Warp
Lightning Cannon, but at the risk that it will
harm the weapon and its crew.

Before you roll the dice that determines the
power of a Warp Lightning Blast for this model,
if there is a friendly WARLOCK ENGINEER
within 3" of this model you can say that the

engineer wi l l increase the weapon’s power
output. If you do so, roll 12 more dice instead of
6 more dice for that attack. However, after the
attack has been resolved, this model suffers D3
mortal wounds for each unmodified roll of 1 on
those 12 dice. A single WARLOCK ENGINEER
cannot be used to increase the power output
of more than one Warp Lightning Blast in the
same phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WAR MACHINE, WARP LIGHTNING CANNON

Skryre Acolytes

1

6"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

SKRYRE ACOLYTES

The Acolytes of the Clans Skr yre go to war amidst the tinny wheeze of metal bellows
and the perilous clink of poisoned wind globes rattling together. They hurl volleys of
these lethal spheres, which shatter in the foe’s midst and choke them horribly to death.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Poisoned Wind Globe

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Knife

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Skr yre Acolytes can have any number
of models, each armed with a Poisoned Wind
Globe and Rusty Knife.

Quick-quick Volley!: Skryre Acolytes look for
oppor tunities
to run forwards and lob their
deadly missiles.

This unit can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

Gas Clouds: Poisoned wind globes are glass or
crystal orbs filled with deadly warpstone gas that
can engulf an enemy regiment.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with a
Poisoned Wind Globe if the target unit has 10 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, SKRYRE ACOLYTES


PAGEBREAK
Doomwheel

4D6"

WARSCROLL

DOOMWHEEL

8

4+

7

Amongst the most deranged inventions of the Clans Skr yre, the Doomwheel is a
rumbling war engine that crushes enemies to a bloody paste while spitting bolts of
warp lightning into their midst.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warp Bolts

MELEE WEAPONS

Grinding Wheel
Teeth and Knives

Range

13"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

D6

Attacks

D6
6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
5+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
5+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3

Damage

1
1

More-more Speed!: The Warlock Engineer that
pilots a Doomwheel can goad the rats that propel
it in order to make it move faster, but at the risk
that they will turn and attack their tormentor.

When this model makes a normal move, you
can re-roll the 4D6 roll that determines its Move
characteristic. However,
if you do so and the new
roll includes any dice with an unmodified roll
of 1, then your opponent carries out that normal
move for that model instead of you.

More-more Warp Bolts!: A daring or foolhardy

engineer pilot can overload their Doomwheel’s
warp lightning generator.

Before you determine the Attacks characteristic
for this model’s Warp Bolts attack, you can
say that the engineer is overcharging the warp
lightning generator.
If you do so, the Attacks
characteristic for that attack is 2D6 instead of
D6. However,
if you do so and you roll a double,
this model suffers 2D6 mortal wounds after all of
the attacks have been resolved.

DESCRIPTION

A Doomwheel is a single model armed with
Warp Bolts, a Grinding Wheel and its crew’s
Teeth and Knives.

ABILITIES

Rolling Doom: A Doomwheel will mercilessly
crush anything in its path.

When this model makes a normal move,
it can
pass across models with a Wounds characteristic
of 3 or less in the same manner as a model that
can fly. In addition, after this model has made
a normal move or a charge move, roll a dice for
each unit that has any models it passed across,
and each other unit that is within 1" of this
model at the end of the move. On a 2+ that unit
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WAR MACHINE, DOOMWHEEL


PAGEBREAK
Warplock Jezzails

WARSCROLL

WARPLOCK JEZZAILS

2

6+

6"

4

Long-barrelled rifles that fire glowing warp-bullets from behind bulky pavises,
Warplock Jezzails are so sizeable that they require two trained skaven to operate, and
can blast an armoured cavalr yman from their saddle at thirteen hundred paces.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warplock Jezzail

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Knives

Range

30"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

2

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Warplock Jezzails has any number of
models, each armed with a Warplock Jezzail and
Rusty Knives.

ABILITIES

Warpstone Snipers: The Warplock Jezzail fires a
bullet made of highly toxic warpstone.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Warplock Jezzail
is 6, that attack inflicts
2 mortal wounds on the target and the attack
sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Pavise: The pavise carried by a Warplock Jezzail
team shields them from harm, and can be used to
steady their long-barrelled weapon.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
this unit’s Warplock Jezzails if this unit has
not made a move in the same turn. In addition,
add 2 to save rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WARPLOCK JEZZAILS

Ratling Gun

3

6"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

RATLING GUN

When its handle is cranked, the Ratling Gun’s barrels whir up to speed with a scream.
The weapon spits warp-laced bullets into the enemy, mowing down foe after foe – at
least until it detonates with a sound like a bomb going off in a clockmaker’s workshop.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Ratling Gun

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Knives

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

2D6

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Ratling Gun is a single model armed with a
Ratling Gun and Rusty Knives.

ABILITIES

More-more Warplead!: A Ratling Gun’s

crew can
release its gimbal-limiter,
increasing the gun’s
rate
of fire at the risk of a catastrophic malfunction.

Before you determine the Attacks characteristic
for this model’s Ratling Gun, you can say that
the crew are releasing its gimbal-limiter. If you
do so, double the Attacks characteristic for that
attack. However,
if you do so and the roll that
determines the Attacks characteristic is a double,
this model is slain after all of the attacks have
been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WEAPON TEAM, RATLING GUN


PAGEBREAK
Warpfire Thrower

WARSCROLL

WARPFIRE THROWER

3

6+

6"

4

The Warpfire Thrower is a truly horrific and highly unstable weapon that fires jetting
sheets of sticky warpstone-infused oils. These ignite upon contact with air and burn
furiously through flesh, stone, metal and bone.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warpfire Thrower

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Knives

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

Attacks

2

To Hit

5+

To Wound

See below

To Wound

5+

Rend

Damage

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Warpfire Thrower is a single model armed with
a Warpfire Thrower and Rusty Knives.

Warpfire: These horrific weapons engulf the
target in searing gouts of warpfire.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with a Warpfire Thrower. Instead, roll
a dice for each model in the target unit that is
within 8" of the attacking model. For each 4+ the
target unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

More-more Warpfire!: A Warpfire Thrower’s

crew can disable the weapon’s flow regulator,
allowing it to unleash great, uncontrolled gouts of
warpfire but at the risk of immolating themselves.

Before you pick the target for this model’s
Warpfire Thrower, you can say that the crew
are disabling the flow regulator.
If you do so,
roll 2 dice for each enemy model within 8" of
this model instead of 1 dice. However,
if you do
so, you must roll a dice after the dice have been
rolled to see if the Warpfire Thrower inflicts
any mortal wounds, and on a 1 or 2 this model
is slain.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WEAPON TEAM, WARPFIRE THROWER

Skryre weapon teams scuttle to the front lines to unleash destruction upon the enemy. Doom-Flayer and Warp-Grinder mechanisms whir in
preparation for the kill, while the Warpfire Thrower’s unstable fuel roars to a boil.


PAGEBREAK
Doom-Flayer

2D6"

WARSCROLL

DOOM-FLAYER

3

5+

4

The Doom-Flayer rumbles across the battlefield in a whirling blur of blades, its crew
seeking to close the distance to the foe with un-skavenlike eagerness. When its charge
hits home, the bloody carnage that ensues is hideous to behold.

MELEE WEAPONS

Whirling Blades
Rusty Knives

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

D6
2

To Hit

3+
5+

To Wound

3+
5+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Doom-Flayer is a single model armed with
Whirling Blades and Rusty Knives.

ABILITIES

Whirling Death: Doom-Flayers crash into the
foe with hellish results,
leaving a trail of gore in
their wake.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Whirling Blades if this model made a
charge move in the same turn.

More-more Whirling Death: A daring or

deranged crew can kick the warpstone generator
that powers their Doom-Flayer into overdrive.
Sometimes they even survive the exper ience.

Before you determine the Attacks characteristic
for this model’s Whirling Blades, you can say
that the crew have kicked its generator into
overdrive. If you do so, roll 2D6 to determine
the Attacks characteristic for that attack instead
of D6. However,
if you do so and the roll that
determines the Attacks characteristic is either a
double or a roll of 7, this model is slain after all of
the attacks have been resolved.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WEAPON TEAM, DOOM-FLAYER

Warp-Grinder

3

6"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

WARP-GRINDER

The Warp-Grinder uses an energised warp-prong to burn smoking black tunnels
through solid rock, and any enemy stupid enough to stand in its way. They are both
weapons and a means to infiltrate the battlefield.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warp-Grinder

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

is a single model armed with

A Warp-Grinder
a Warp-Grinder.

ABILITIES

Tunnel Skulkers: A Warp-Grinder

can be used to
bore a subterranean tunnel, allowing a clawpack
following it to get behind enemy lines.

Instead of setting up this model on the battlefield,
you can place this model to one side and say that
it is set up tunnelling as a reserve unit. If you
do so, when you would set up another friendly
SKAVENTIDE unit that is not a MONSTER or a

WAR MACHINE , instead of setting up that unit
on the battlefield, you can say that it is joining
this model tunnelling as a reserve unit. Only 1
unit can join this model in this way.

At the end of any of your movement phases,
if this model is tunnelling,
it can arrive on
the battlefield. If it does so, set up this model
anywhere on the battlefield more than 9" from
any enemy models, and then set up any unit
that joined this model wholly within 13" of this
model and more than 9" from any enemy models.
Then roll a dice for this model and any unit
that joined it. On a 1 or 2, that unit suffers D6
mortal wounds.

Any tunnelling reserve units that fail to arrive
on the battlefield before the start of your fourth
movement phase are destroyed.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS SKRYRE, WEAPON TEAM, WARP-GRINDER


PAGEBREAK
Plague Priest

6"

WARSCROLL

PLAGUE PRIEST

5

5+

6

Plague Priests shriek blasphemous prayers that unleash the dark diseases of the Great
Corruptor upon their foes. Those not wasted away or withered into ooze are swiftly
slain by blows from the priests’ warpstone-capped staves and smog-belching censers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpstone-tipped Staff
Plague Censer

Range

2"
2"

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Plague Priest is a single model armed with a
Warpstone-tipped Staff and a Plague Censer.

ABILITIES

Plague Prayers: Plague Priests can beseech the
Horned Rat to unleash dread maladies on the foe.

In your hero phase, this model can chant one of
the following prayers. If it does so, pick 1 of the
prayers and then make a prayer roll by rolling a
dice. On a 1, this model suffers 1 mortal wound
and the prayer is not answered. On a 2, the prayer
is not answered. On a 3+ the prayer is answered.

Disease-disease!: If this prayer is answered, pick
1 enemy unit within 13" of this model, and roll 1
dice for each model in that unit. For each 6, that
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. This prayer has no

effect on CLANS PESTILENS units.

Pestilence-pestilence!:

If this prayer is answered,
pick a point on the battlefield that is within 13"
of this model. Roll a dice for each unit within 3"
of that point. On 4+ that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds. This prayer has no effect on CLANS

PESTILENS units.

Frenzied Assault: The presence of the enemy
drives this crazed warrior into a terrible rage.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s melee weapons if this model made a
charge move in the same turn.

Poisonous Fumes: Plague censers emit huge
clouds of noxious gas.

At the end of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each unit within 3" of any units with this ability.
On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1 mortal
wound. On a 6 that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of 1. This ability has no effect on

CLANS PESTILENS units.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, HERO, PRIEST, PLAGUE PRIEST

Plagueclaw

6

3"

4

5+

WARSCROLL

PLAGUECLAW

Rotten wood creaks as the throwing arm of the Plagueclaw is cranked slowly back.
Foul plague-slop is loaded into the weapon’s claw, before being launched in a high arc
to rain infectious filth down upon the enemy lines.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Plagueclaw Catapult

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Knives

Range

6-31"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

D6

To Hit

3+

To Hit

5+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-2

Rend

-

Damage

D6

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Plagueclaw is a single model armed with a
Plagueclaw Catapult and Rusty Knives.

Barrage of Disease: A Plagueclaw hurls great
globs of diseased filth at its targets.

A Plagueclaw Catapult can target enemy units
that are not visible to the attacking model. In
addition, add 1 to hit rolls and increase the
Damage characteristic to 2D6 for attacks made
with a Plagueclaw Catapult if the target has 10 or
more models.

Hideous Death: Those splashed by this weapon’s
semi-congealed liquid ammunition die horribly,
their skin sloughing off in clumps and their bodies
erupting in glistening sores.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of a
unit targeted by any Plagueclaw Catapults until
the end of the turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, WAR MACHINE, PLAGUECLAW


PAGEBREAK
Plague Priest on Plague Furnace

PLAGUE PRIEST

13

4+

10

WARSCROLL

ON PLAGUE FURNACE

The huge censer of the Plague Furnace roars low and loud as it swings ominously back
and forth. Clouds of billowing smog roll from within to shroud the foe in choking
foulness even as the Plague Priest riding the carriage shrieks his twisted prayers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Great Plague Censer
Warpstone-tipped Staff
Foetid Blades
Rusty Spikes

Range

3"
2"
1"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

1
6
D6

4+
4+

To Wound

See below
3+
4+
3+

Rend

Damage

-1
-
-1

D3
1
1

Wounds Suffered

Move

Great Plague Censer

Rusty Spikes

DAMAGE TABLE

0-3
4-5
6-8
9-10
11+

6"
6"
4"
4"
3"

D3+4
D3+3
D3+2
D3+1
D3

2+
3+
4+
4+
5+

DESCRIPTION

A Plague Priest on Plague Furnace is a single
model armed with a Warpstone-tipped Staff.

MOUNT: This model’s Plague Furnace attacks
with its Great Plague Censer and Rusty Spikes.

CREW: This model has a Plague Monk crew
that attacks with their Foetid Blades. For rules
purposes, the crew are treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Altar of the Horned Rat: Those skaven that

scurry to battle in the tw isted shadow of a Plague
Furnace are wreathed in potent fumes that fill
them with unnatural courage.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly
SKAVENTIDE units while they are wholly within
13" of this model.

Great Plague Censer : Once a Plague Furnace is
engaged in combat,
its mighty swinging plague
censer is let loose, sending the giant spiked ball of
death crashing into enemy formations.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with this model’s Great Plague Censer.
Instead pick 1 enemy unit within 3" of this model
and roll a dice. On a 2+ that unit suffers a number
of mortal wounds equal to the Great Plague
Censer value shown on the damage table above.

Noxious Prayers: The Plague Priest that rides
atop a Plague Furnace can pray for diseases to
bless his followers.

In your hero phase, this model can chant one of
the following prayers. If it does so, pick 1 of the
prayers and then make a prayer roll by rolling a
dice. On a 1, this model suffers 1 mortal wound
and the prayer is not answered. On a 2, the prayer
is not answered. On a 3+ the prayer is answered.

Filth-filth!: If this prayer is answered, pick 1
friendly CLANS PESTILENS unit wholly within
13" of this model. You can re-roll wound rolls
for attacks made by that unit until your next
hero phase.

Rabid-rabid!: If this prayer is answered, pick
1 friendly CLANS PESTILENS unit wholly
within 13" of this model. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of melee weapons used by that unit
until your next hero phase. You cannot pick the
same unit to be affected by this prayer more than
once per hero phase.

Poisonous Fumes: Plague censers emit huge
clouds of noxious gas.

At the end of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each unit within 3" of any units with this ability.
On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1 mortal
wound. On a 6 that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of 1. This ability has no effect on

CLANS PESTILENS units.

Protection of the Horned Rat: An eerie sense of

watchfulness
surrounds this war engine, and an
unholy warding protects it from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 5+ that wound
or mortal wound is negated.

Pushed into Battle: The wheeled carriage that
suppor ts a Plague Furnace must be pushed into
battle by a teeming horde of skaven.

This model cannot move unless it starts the move
within 6" of 10 or more friendly SKAVENTIDE
models. In addition, this model’s Rusty Spikes
have an Attacks characteristic of 2D6 instead
of D6 if this model made a charge move in the
same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, WAR MACHINE, HERO, PRIEST,
PLAGUE FURNACE, PLAGUE PRIEST


PAGEBREAK
Plague Monks

6"

WARSCROLL

PLAGUE MONKS

1

6+

5

Driven into battle by their frenzied faith, Plague Monks overwhelm their enemies in a
pestilential mass. They hack and stab wildly with their foetid blades, spreading disease
and infection with every blow.

MELEE WEAPONS

Foetid Blade
Woe-stave

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
5+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Plague Monks has any number of
models. The unit is armed with one of the
following weapon options: a pair of Foetid Blades;
or a Foetid Blade and Woe-stave.

BRINGER-OF-THE-WORD: 1 model in this

unit can be a Bringer-of-the-Word. That model
replaces its weapon option with a Foetid Blade
and carries a Book of Woes.

STANDARD BEARERS: 1 in every 20 models in
this unit can either be a Contagion Banner Bearer
or an Icon of Pestilence Bearer.

Contagion Banner : Roll a dice each time a
model from this unit is slain by an attack made
with a melee weapon if this unit includes any
Contagion Banner Bearers, before the slain
model is removed. On a 6 the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Icon of Pestilence: If the unmodified wound roll
for an attack made with a melee weapon by a
model from this unit is 6 while this unit includes
any Icon of Pestilence Bearers, add 1 to the
damage inflicted by that attack.

PLAGUE HARBINGERS: 1 in every 20 models

in this unit can either be a Doom Gong Bearer or
a Bale-chime Bearer.

Doom Gong: Add 1 to run and charge rolls
for this unit while it includes any Doom
Gong Bearers.

Bale-chime: If the unmodified hit roll for an
attack made with a melee weapon by a model
from this unit is 6 while this unit includes
any Bale-chime Bearers, improve the Rend
characteristic for that attack by 1.

ABILITIES

Pair of Foetid Blades: Plague Monks armed with
a pair of foetid blades slash furiously at the foe
with little concern for their own protection.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with a
pair of Foetid Blades.

Frenzied Assault: The presence of the enemy
drives these crazed warriors into a terrible rage.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons if this unit made a charge move in
the same turn.

Book of Woes: The champions of the Plague
Monks lead their followers in recitations
from foul
Books of Woes, endlessly repeating the Liturgus
Infectus and Rite of Infection, calling upon the
Horned Rat to strike down the enemy with disease.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 13" of this unit’s Bringer-of-the-Word
and roll a dice. On a 4+ that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. On a 6 that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of 1. This ability has no effect on

CLANS PESTILENS units.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, PLAGUE MONKS


PAGEBREAK
Plague Censer Bearers

WARSCROLL

PLAGUE CENSER BEARERS

1

6+

6"

5

Plague Censer Bearers rush forwards in a foaming frenzy. Maddened by disease, they
swing their weapons in devastating arcs, crunching armour, flesh and bone. Few can
long endure their assault, or the choking clouds of plague-smog that accompany it.

MELEE WEAPONS

Plague Censer

Range

2"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Plague Censer Bearers has any number
of models, each armed with a Plague Censer.

ABILITIES

Frenzied Assault: The presence of the enemy
drives these crazed warriors into a terrible rage.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons if this unit made a charge move
in the same turn.

Plague Disciples: Plague Censer Bearers become
even more frenzied in the presence of their
zealous brethren.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
unit while it is wholly within 18" of any friendly
PLAGUE MONKS units. In addition, you can
re-roll battleshock tests for this unit while it
is wholly within 18" of any friendly PLAGUE
MONKS units.

Poisonous Fumes: Plague censers emit huge
clouds of noxious gas.

At the end of the combat phase, roll 1 dice for
each unit within 3" of any units with this ability.
On a 4+ the unit being rolled for suffers 1 mortal
wound. On a 6 that unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds instead of 1. This ability has no effect on

CLANS PESTILENS units.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, NURGLE, CLANS PESTILENS, PLAGUE CENSER BEARERS

Clawlord

5

6"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

CLAWLORD

Verminus Clawlords are powerful fighters and cunning leaders, exhorting their
chittering followers to overrun the enemy lines. They are most dangerous when caught
at bay, for they w i l l fight for their lives with frantic ferocity.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpforged Blade

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

COMMAND ABILITIES

A Clawlord is a single model armed with a
Warpforged Blade.

Cornered Fur y : A Clawlord that is in fear for his
life fights with unbridled ferocity.

Gnash-gnaw on their Bones!: At a Clawlord’s

command, his minions hurl themselves at the foe.

Add the number of wounds allocated to this
model to the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s melee weapons.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
CLANS VERMINUS unit wholly within 13" of a
friendly model with this command ability. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by that unit in that phase. You cannot pick
the same unit to benefit from this ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, HERO, CLAWLORD


PAGEBREAK
Skritch Spiteclaw

WARSCROLL

SKRITCH SPITECLAW

5

4+

6"

6

Skritch Spiteclaw is a particularly cunning skaven warlord who has assembled an
impressive horde of cut-throat vermin to serve his w i l l. Though he prefers that his
minions fight and die on his behalf, when cornered, Skritch becomes a whirling
der vish of spiked steel and ripping claws.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wicked Halberd

Range

2"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

Skritch Spiteclaw is a named character
that is a single model. He is armed with a
Wicked Halberd.

ABILITIES

There are Always More: Skaven warlords gladly
hurl their warriors into the blades of the enemy,
content
in the knowledge that there are always
more Clanrat
lives to sacrifice.

At the start of your hero phase, if this model is
within 13" of a friendly SPITECLAW’S SWARM ,
you can return D3 slain models to that unit (you
cannot return Krrk the Almost-trusted). Set up

the returning models one at a time within 1" of
a model from that unit (this can be a model you
returned to the unit earlier in the same phase).
Returning models can only be set up within 3"
of an enemy unit if one or more models from
the same unit are already within 3" of that
enemy unit.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Gnash-gnaw on their Bones!: At a Clawlord’s

command, his minions hurl themselves at the foe.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
CLANS VERMINUS unit wholly within 13" of a
friendly model with this command ability. Add
1 to the Attacks characteristic of melee weapons
used by that unit in that phase. You cannot pick
the same unit to benefit from this ability more
than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, HERO, CLAWLORD, SKRITCH SPITECLAW

Spiteclaw’s Swarm

1

6"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

SPITECLAW’S SWARM

Skritch Spiteclaw entrusts the command and discipline of his verminous ranks to the
sadistic taskmaster Krrk the Almost-trusted. Though for now he is content to spend
skaven lives at his master’s command, the foul-spirited Krrk has his own ambitious
schemes for power.

MELEE WEAPONS

Festering Skaven’s Stabbing Blades
Hungering Skaven’s Rusty Flai l
Krrk’s Rusty Spear
Lurking Skaven’s Punch Daggers

Range

1"
1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
1
2
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+
4+

Rend

-
-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

Spiteclaw’s Swarm consists of 4 models. One
model is Krrk the Almost-trusted, armed with
a Rusty Spear ; one model is armed with a Rusty
Flail; one model is armed with Stabbing Blades;
and one model is armed with Punch Daggers.

KRRK THE ALMOST-TRUSTED: The leader

of this unit is Krrk the Almost-trusted. Do
not take battleshock tests for this unit while it
includes Krrk the Almost-trusted. In addition,
if Skritch Spiteclaw is slain, add 2 to the Attacks
characteristic of Krrk’s Rusty Spear for the rest
of this battle.

ABILITIES

Aversion to Death: Blessed with swift reactions,
Spiteclaw’s Swarm are quick to scamper out of the
path of enemy attacks.

After the first wound or mortal wound is
allocated to this unit in any phase, you can roll
a dice each time you allocate a further wound or
mortal wound to this unit in that phase. On a 5+
that wound or mortal wound is negated.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, SPITECLAW’S SWARM


PAGEBREAK
Clanrats

6"

1

6+

WARSCROLL

CLANRATS

4

Clanrats mass into huge clawpacks, their vast numbers bolstering their courage and
allowing them to surge across the battlefield and overwhelm the enemy regardless of
the hideous casualties they suffer along the way.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Spear
Rusty Blade

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

1
1

To Hit

5+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Clanrats has any number of models.
The unit is armed with one of the following
weapon options: Rusty Spear ; or Rusty Blade.
Some units of Clanrats also carr y Clanshields.

CLAWLEADER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Clawleader. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s melee weapons.

CLANRAT STANDARD BEARER: 1 in every

20 models in this unit can be a Clanrat Standard
Bearer. This unit can retreat and still charge later
in the same turn while it includes any Clanrat
Standard Bearers.

CLANRAT BELL-RINGER: 1 in every 20

models in this unit can be a Clanrat Bell-ringer.
Add 2 to run rolls for this unit while it includes
any Clanrat Bell-ringers.

ABILITIES

Clanshields: The shields carried by skaven
warriors are rickety and slipshod, but can still be
used to form a barrier to turn aside blows.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a
unit that carries Clanshields while it has 10 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, CLANRATS

Stormvermin

1

6"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

STORMVERMIN

Burly skaven warriors clad in clanking armour and wielding wickedly sharp halberds,
Stormvermin are the swaggering elite of the Clans Verminus. In sufficient numbers,
they can hack their way through an enemy battle line amidst welters of gore.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rusty Halberd

Range

2"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Stormvermin has any number of
models, each armed with a Rusty Halberd. Some
units of Stormvermin also carr y Clanshields.

FANGLEADER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Fangleader. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of
that model’s Rusty Halberd.

STORMVERMIN STANDARD BEARER:

1 in every 10 models in this unit can be a
Stormvermin Standard Bearer. This unit
can retreat and still charge later in the same
turn while it includes any Stormvermin
Standard Bearers.

STORMVERMIN DRUMMER: 1 in every

10 models in this unit can be a Stormvermin
Drummer. Add 2 to run rolls for this unit while
it includes any Stormvermin Drummers.

ABILITIES

Clanshields: The shields carried by skaven
warriors are rickety and slipshod, but can still be
used to form a barrier to turn aside blows.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a
unit that carries Clanshields while it has 10 or
more models.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS VERMINUS, STORMVERMIN


PAGEBREAK
Packmasters

6"

WARSCROLL

PACKMASTERS

2

6+

5

The Packmasters of the Clans Moulder ply their lashes and their snapping things-
catchers to goad their war beasts into battle. Should the foe stray close, those same
vicious weapons are readily turned upon them, too.

MELEE WEAPONS

Herding Whip
Rusty Blade
Things-catcher

Range

3"
1"
2"

Attacks

1
2
1

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+
4+

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

1
1
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Packmasters has any number of
models, each armed with a Herding Whip and
Rusty Blade. 1 in every 3 models can replace
their Rusty Blade with a Things-catcher.

ABILITIES

Crack the Whip: Packmasters use their whips to
drive their fighting beasts into a battle frenzy.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by friendly CLANS MOULDER PACK
units while they are wholly within 12" of any
models with this ability. In addition, double
the Bravery characteristic of friendly CLANS
MOULDER PACK units while they are wholly
within 12" of any models with this ability.

KEYWORDS

Master Moulder

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, PACKMASTERS

5

6"

6

5+

WARSCROLL

MASTER MOULDER

Master Moulders are twisted and cruel. Theirs are the deranged minds behind the
creation of the Clans Moulders’ horrific war beasts, and at their command pack after
pack of those foul fiends can be unleashed upon the foe.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warpstone-tipped Lash
Things-catcher

Range

3"
2"

Attacks

6
4

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-1
-1

Damage

1
2

DESCRIPTION

A Master Moulder is a single model armed with a
Warpstone-tipped Lash or a Things-catcher.

ABILITIES

Master Moulder : These burly commanders
are the breeders, mutators and healers of
Clans Moulder.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
CLANS MOULDER PACK model within 3" of this
model. Heal D3 wounds allocated to that model.

Crack the Whip: Master Moulders use their
whips to drive their fighting beasts into a
battle frenzy.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by friendly CLANS MOULDER PACK
units while they are wholly within 12" of any
models with this ability. In addition, double
the Bravery characteristic of friendly CLANS
MOULDER PACK units while they are wholly
within 12" of any models with this ability.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Unleash More-more Beasts!: A Master Moulder

can order forth more packs of fighting beasts if the
tide of battle star ts to turn against them.

You can use this command ability when a

friendly CLANS MOULDER PACK unit is

destroyed if a friendly model with this command
ability is on the battlefield. If you do so, roll a
dice. On a 5+ a new unit identical to the one that
was destroyed is added to your army. Set up the
new unit wholly within your territory and wholly
within 6" of the edge of the battlefield, more than
9" from any enemy units. You cannot use this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, HERO, MASTER MOULDER


PAGEBREAK
Hell Pit Abomination

2D6"

12

5+

6

WARSCROLL

HELL PIT ABOMINATION

L iving nightmares, Hell Pit Abominations are misshapen monstrosities of immense
size that squirm, lurch and drag their way into battle. Their grotesque assemblages of
snapping jaws, lashing talons and crushing fists make short work of the foe.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gnashing Teeth
Flailing Fists
Avalanche of Flesh

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
See below

Rend

-1

Damage

2
3

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
10+

Gnashing Teeth

-3
-2
-2
-1
-1

Flailing Fists

6
5
4
3
2

Avalanche of Flesh

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

DESCRIPTION

A Hell Pit Abomination is a single model armed
with Gnashing Teeth, Flailing Fists and an
Avalanche of Flesh.

ABILITIES

Avalanche of Flesh: A Hell Pit Abomination
can rear up to its fullest height before crashing
back to the ground, crushing foes beneath its
sickening bulk.

Do not use the attack sequence for an attack
made with an Avalanche of Flesh. Instead, roll a
number of dice equal to the number of models
from the target unit within 3" of the attacking
model. You can re-roll any of the dice if this
model made a charge move in the same turn. The
target unit suffers 1 mortal wound for each roll
that is equal to or greater than the Avalanche of
Flesh value shown on this model’s damage table.

Regenerating Monstrosity : Hell Pit

Abominations are notoriously difficult to slay, and
can even regrow severed limbs.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

Terrifying: This horrific monstrosity strikes fear
deep into the hear ts of its enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 3" of any
models with this ability.

Warpstone Spikes: The warpstone spikes driven
into the flesh of a Hell Pit Abomination make it
highly resistant
to magical spells.

Each time this model is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so, on
a 4+ ignore the effects of that spell on this model.

Too Horrible to Die: As a Hell Pit Abomination
twitches its last shuddering death throes,
there is
a chance its unholy metabolism will restar t one of
its many foul hear ts, or at the very least that its
carcass will disgorge the revolting tide of parasitic
rats that had been gnawing upon its innards.

The first time this model is slain, before removing
it from the battlefield, roll a dice and look up the
roll on the table below.

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Result

Dead: Remove this model from play
as normal.

The Rats Emerge: All units within 3"
of this model immediately suffer D3
mortal wounds. Then remove this model
from play.

It’s Alive!: This model is not slain. Instead,
you must heal D6 wounds allocated to it,
and any wounds or mortal wounds that
remain to be allocated to it are negated.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, FIGHTING BEAST, MONSTER, HELL PIT ABOMINATION


PAGEBREAK
Rat Ogors

6"

4

5+

WARSCROLL

RAT OGORS

5

Monstrous brutes of stitched muscle, melded flesh, lashing talons and snapping jaws,
the Rat Ogors of the Clans Moulder are terrify ing war beasts whose packs rip through
the enemy ranks in a storm of flying limbs and jetting gore.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Warpfire Gun

MELEE WEAPONS

Tearing Claws, Blades and Fangs

Range

16"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

4

To Hit

5+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Rat Ogors has any number of models,
each armed with Tearing Claws, Blades and
Fangs. 1 in every 2 models can also be armed
with a Warpfire Gun.

ABILITIES

Rabid Fur y : The snarling rage of a blood-frenzied
Rat Ogor pack is a truly terrify ing sight to behold.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Tearing Claws, Blades and Fangs is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, FIGHTING BEAST, PACK, RAT OGORS

Rat Swarms

4

6"

10

-

WARSCROLL

RAT SWARMS

When the skaven go to war, their clawpacks often advance amidst a teeming tide of
vermin. Immense swarms of rats seethe across the field of battle, engulfing those who
fall and devouring any unfortunate enough to stand in their path.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gnawing Teeth

Range

1"

Attacks

5

To Hit

5+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Rat Swarms has any number of models,
each armed with Gnawing Teeth.

Endless Tide of Rats: There are always more rats,
and more, and more, and even more.

In your hero phase you can return 1 slain model
to this unit. Set up the returning model within
1" of this unit. The returning model can only be
set up within 3" of an enemy unit if this unit is
already within 3" of that enemy unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, PACK, RAT SWARMS


PAGEBREAK
Giant Rats

8"

1

-

WARSCROLL

GIANT RATS

3

Growing up to the size of a Gryph-hound, Giant Rats hunt in huge packs that can
overwhelm entire enemy regiments and drag down even the most monstrous foes
through sheer weight of numbers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Vicious Teeth

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

5+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Giant Rats has any number of models,
each armed with Vicious Teeth.

ABILITIES

Wave of Rats: In combat, Giant Rats frantically
scramble over each other in their savage eagerness
to devour the foe.

While a unit of Giant Rats has 10 or more models,
the Range characteristic of its Vicious Teeth is 2"
instead of 1". While a unit of Giant Rats has 20
or more models, the Range characteristic of its
Vicious Teeth is 3" instead of 1".

KEYWORDS

Deathmaster

CHAOS, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS MOULDER, PACK, GIANT RATS

5

7"

5

4+

WARSCROLL

DEATHMASTER

Elite assassins and masters of murder, the Deathmasters of the Clans Eshin are so
skilled as to seem supernatural in their abilities. Bursting from amidst the mass of
skaven in a sudden whirling of blades and fangs, they slay their victims swiftly.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Eshin Throwing Stars

MELEE WEAPONS

Weeping Blades
Fighting Claws

Range

12"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4

Attacks

3
7

To Hit

4+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Deathmaster is a single model armed with one
of the following weapon options: Eshin Throwing
Stars and Weeping Blades; or Eshin Throwing
Stars and Fighting Claws.

ABILITIES

Hidden Ki l ler : Deathmasters often hide
themselves amidst the ranks of skaven regiments.

Instead of setting up this model on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is set up

in hiding as a reserve unit. If you do so, at the start
of a combat phase, you can set up this model within
1" of a friendly SKAVENTIDE unit that has 5 or
more models and a Wounds characteristic of 1. If
this model is not set up on the battlefield before the
start of the fourth battle round, it is slain.

Running Death: Eshin warriors are trained in a
unique fighting style that allows them to attack
with incredible speed and dexterity.

This model can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

Throwing Stars: Eshin throwing stars are hurled
at the foe in rapid volleys.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Eshin Throwing Stars is 6, that attack inflicts 2
hits on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS ESHIN, HERO, DEATHMASTER


PAGEBREAK
Gutter Runners

WARSCROLL

GUTTER RUNNERS

1

5+

7"

5

Emerging from positions of concealment at the enemy ’s flanks and rear, Gutter
Runners fall upon their victims in a storm of flashing blades, hurtling throwing stars
and viciously bared fangs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Eshin Throwing Stars

MELEE WEAPONS

Punch Dagger and Blade

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

2

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Gutter Runners has any number of
models, each armed with a Punch Dagger and
Blade, and Eshin Throwing Stars.

Running Death: Eshin warriors are trained in a
unique fighting style that allows them to attack
with incredible speed and dexterity.

This unit can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

Sneaky Infiltrators: Gutter Runners are masters
of stealth, and can sneak up on almost anyone.

Instead of setting up this unit on the battlefield,
you can place it to one side and say that it is
infiltrating in reserve. If you do so, at the end of

your first movement phase, you must set up this
unit wholly within 6" of the edge of the battlefield
and more than 9" from any enemy units.

Throwing Stars: Eshin throwing stars are hurled
at the foe in rapid volleys.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Eshin Throwing Stars is 6, that attack inflicts 2
hits on the target instead of 1. Make a wound and
save roll for each hit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS ESHIN, GUTTER RUNNERS

Night Runners

1

7"

4

6+

WARSCROLL

NIGHT RUNNERS

Swift and sneaky, clawpacks of Night Runners envelop their enemies before launching
vicious assaults to lay them low with volleys of throwing weapons and well-placed
blades between the ribs.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Eshin Throwing Weapons

MELEE WEAPONS

Stabbing Blade

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Night Runners has any number of
models, each armed with a Stabbing Blade and
Eshin Throwing Weapons.

Running Death: Eshin warriors are trained in a
unique fighting style that allows them to attack
with incredible speed and dexterity.

NIGHTLEADER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Nightleader. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of that model’s Stabbing Blade.

This unit can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

Slinking Advance: Night Runners scurry ahead
of the main body of a skaven army to harass and
slow down the foe.

After armies are set up, but before the first battle
round begins, you can move this unit up to 2D6".

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SKAVEN, SKAVENTIDE, CLANS ESHIN, NIGHT RUNNERS

Throwing Weapons: Eshin throwing weapons are
hurled at the foe in rapid volleys.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
Eshin Throwing Weapons is 6, that attack inflicts
2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a wound
and save roll for each hit.


PAGEBREAK
Vermintide

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

VERMINTIDE

An endless tide of unholy vermin pours through the cracks in reality, their eyes aglow
and their fangs unnaturally sharp. This conjured swarm can strip even an armoured
warrior to the bone in moments.

DESCRIPTION

Vermintide is a single model.

PREDATORY: Vermintide is a predatory endless
spell. It can move up to 7".

MAGIC

Summon Vermintide: A skaven spellcaster can
summon forth a seething mass of arcane rodents
and vermin that consumes everything in its path.

Summon Vermintide has a casting value of 7. Only

SKAVENTIDE WIZARDS can attempt to cast

this spell. If successfully cast, set up a Vermintide
model wholly within 13" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Ravening Horde: A Vermintide rips and tears
indiscriminately at anything in its path.

After this model has moved, the player that
moved it can pick 1 unit within 3" of this model
and roll 13 dice. For each 6, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

In addition, roll 13 dice for each unit that
finishes a normal move or a charge move within
3" of this model. For each 6, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Voracious Hunger : The unnatural creatures of
a Vermintide possess a terrible hunger that only
the consumption of raw flesh can sate.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Ratk in: A Vermintide will not harm other rodent-
beasts, and will allow them to pass by unhindered.

SKAVENTIDE units are not affected by
the Ravening Horde ability. In addition,
SKAVENTIDE models can move across this
model in the same manner as a model that
can fly.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, VERMINTIDE

Warp Lightning Vortex

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

WARP LIGHTNING VORTEX

A hurled clawful of warpstone shards swell rapidly in size until they become hovering
prisms that crack le furiously with warp lightning. Green-black bolts flash back and
forth, forming a lethal cage of energy that blasts apart any who approach too closely.

Warp Vortex: The sheer destructive anarchy that
surrounds a Warp Lightning Vortex slows the
progress of warriors caught in its midst.

Units cannot run or fly when they make a normal
move that starts within 6" of any models from
this endless spell.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

Warp Lightning Vortex is a single endless
spell that consists of 3 models (if it is dispelled,
remove all 3 models).

Warp L ightning Bolts: Coruscating bolts of warp
lightning leap outwards from the Warp Lightning
Vortex, obliterating those nearby.

MAGIC

Summon Warp L ightning Vortex: Warpstone

shards are cast into the air, growing impossibly
large and discharging bolts of warp lightning.

Summon Warp Lightning Vortex has a casting

value of 8. Only SKAVENTIDE WIZARDS can

attempt
to cast this spell. If successfully cast,
set up 1 Warp Lightning Vortex model wholly
within 26" of the caster,
then set up the second
and third Warp Lightning Vortex models exactly
7" from the first model and exactly 7" from each
other (the models wi l l form a triangle with each
model exactly 7" from the other two models).

When this model is set up, and at the end of each
movement phase, roll 1 dice for each unit within
6" of any of the models from this endless spell.
Add 1 to the dice roll if that unit is within 6" of
two of the models from this endless spell. Add 2
to the dice roll instead of 1 if that unit is within
6" of all three models from this endless spell. On
a 4+ that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. On an
unmodified roll of 6, that unit suffers D6 mortal
wounds instead of D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, WARP LIGHTNING VORTEX


PAGEBREAK
Bell of Doom

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

BELL OF DOOM

Swirling vapours boil from the yawning maw of the spell’s caster, billowing into an
unnatural cloud. L ightning flashes amidst the gloomy mass, silhouetting a huge bell
that swings in mid-air, tolling out the doom of those who dare resist the skaventide.

DESCRIPTION

Bell of Doom is a single model.

PREDATORY: Bell of Doom is a predatory
endless spell. It can move up to 13" and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Bell of Doom: Invoking ancient

creation myths, the spellcaster causes a great Bell
of Doom to manifest upon the battlefield.

Only SKAVENTIDE WIZARDS can attempt

Summon Bell of Doom has a casting value of 6.
to
cast this spell. If successfully cast, set up a Bell of
Doom model wholly within 13" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Apocalyptic Doom: With a deafening explosion,
the Bell of Doom splits asunder.

Roll 3D6 after this model is set up or finishes a
move. On a roll of 13, each unit within 13" of this
model suffers D3 mortal wounds. This model is
then dispelled.

Boldness or Despair : The dreadful ringing of
the Bell of Doom fills the minds of the skaven’s
foes with a deep despair, while emboldening the
normally cowardly ratmen.

Do not take battleshock tests for SKAVENTIDE
units while they are within 13" of this model.
Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
any other units while they are within 13" of
this model.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, BELL OF DOOM

The air crackles with the leaping arcs of the Warp Lightning Vortex,
the ground seethes with the scurry and squirm of the Vermintide, and over it all
rolls the ceaseless, malevolent
tolling of the Bell of Doom as the endless spells of the skaven are unleashed.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes, and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and
warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to
take a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the fu l l amount of points. Larger
units are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied
their size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum
sized unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit
that has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Skaventide army. Updated
February 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

SKAVENTIDE

UNIT

Plagueclaw
Warp Lightning Cannon
Warplock Jezzails
Clanrats
Doomwheel
Hell Pit Abomination
Arch-Warlock
Clawlord
Deathmaster
Grey Seer
Master Moulder
Plague Priest
Skritch Spiteclaw

Spiteclaw’s Swarm

Warlock Bombardier
Warlock Engineer
Grey Seer on Screaming Bell
Lord Skreech Verminking
Plague Priest on Plague Furnace
Thanquol on Boneripper
Verminlord Corruptor
Verminlord Deceiver
Verminlord Warbringer
Verminlord Warpseer
Doom-Flayer

1
1
3
20
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

4

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1
1
12
40
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

4

1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

160
180
140
120/200
160
220
160
100
100
120
100
80

140

100
100
200
300
180
400
260
300
260
260
60

Ar t i l ler y
Ar t i l ler y
Ar t i l ler y
Battleline
Behemoth
Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader
Leader
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Unique. These units
must be taken as a set
for a total of 140 points.
Although taken as a set,
each is a separate unit.

Unique

Unique

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS MOULDER ,

and all other units are

CLANS MOULDER

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS ESHIN , and

all other units are

CLANS ESHIN

Giant Rats

10

40

60/200

Gutter Runners

5

20

60/200


PAGEBREAK
SKAVENTIDE

UNIT

Night Runners

Packmasters

Plague Censer Bearers

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

10

3

5

40

12

20

80/280

60

60

Plague Monks

10

40

70/240

Rat Ogors

Rat Swarms
Ratling Gun

Skr yre Acolytes

Stormfiends

Stormvermin

Warpfire Thrower
Warp-Grinder

Congregation of Filth
Fleshmeld Menagerie
Foulrain Congregation
Claw-horde
Plaguesmog Congregation
Slinktalon
Virulent Procession
Warpcog Convocation
Arkhspark Voltik
Gascloud Chokelung
Gautfyre Skorch
Rattlegauge Warplock
Whyrlblade Threshik
Bell of Doom
Vermintide
Warp Lightning Vortex
Gnawhole

2

2
1

5

3

10

1
1

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

8

8
1

100

60
80

30

60/320

9

40

1
1

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1
1

260

140/500

70
80

160
160
110
180
120
160
100
60
110
120
140
120
130
40
40
100
0

CHAOS

Skaventide

ALLIES

Nurgle (only if general is CLANS PESTILENS)

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS ESHIN , and

all other units are

CLANS ESHIN

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS PESTILENS ,

and all other units are

CLANS PESTILENS

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS PESTILENS ,

and all other units are

CLANS PESTILENS

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS MOULDER ,

and all other units are

CLANS MOULDER

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS SKRYRE , and

all other units are

CLANS SKRYRE

Battleline in Skaventide
army if general is

MASTERCLAN or
CLANS SKRYRE , and

all other units are

CLANS SKRYRE

Battleline in
Skaventide army

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Enginecoven
Enginecoven
Enginecoven
Enginecoven
Enginecoven
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Scenery

Can only be taken
as part of a Warpcog
Convocation


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

As the Bad Moon fills the skies above, so the Gloomspite Gitz surge up from the darkness below in a murderous horde.
Seething masses of grots, squigs, troggoths, gargants and giant spiders make up a Gloomspite horde. Drawn from
their dripping caverns and dank vales by the sickly light of the Bad Moon, these monstrous multitudes tear down the
bastions of civilisation wherever they find them.


PAGEBREAK
