
PAGEBREAK
Sigmar is a false god.

Where was Sigmar when darkness fell over all of
creation? Where was Sigmar when reality burst,
and the daemon legions cavorted atop the ruins of
nations? When the gates to Azyr were sealed,
it was
not the craven God-King who offered salvation to
those left behind. Only through pledging their souls
to Chaos did the inhabitants of the Mortal Realms
survive that age of terror.

From the Flamescar Plateau in Aqshy to the haunted
Banelands of Shyish,
the Slaves to Darkness
dominate the lands. Through acts of ritual carnage
do these men and women seek to ascend the Path to
Glory. At the end of this treacherous road of death
and madness lie rewards beyond imagining – for
those mighty enough to claim them.

As the aftershocks of Nagash’s necroquake ripple
across reality,
the Slaves to Darkness muster for war
with a conviction unseen for centuries. Armoured
warriors and barbarous tribesmen crash into melee
in the thousands. The ground shudders in protest
under the charge of
fearsome knights and brutish
chariots. Twisted monsters lurch from darkened
caves,
foetid breath steaming in the air as they seek
fresh prey.

Leading these damned hosts are the Champions of
Chaos. Be they mighty warrior, wicked sorcerer or
darkling daemon-lord,
their infernal might and dark
blessings render them a match for any of Sigmar’s
celestial puppets or Nagash’s deathless revenants.
Above them stands the greatest champion of all:
Archaon the Everchosen, Exalted Grand Marshal of
the Apocalypse. By his will shall
the souls of all who
oppose the Ruinous Powers be dragged screaming
before the thrones of the gods.

The Mortal Realms belong to Chaos. So it was.
So it shall always be.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

CONTENTS

2

THE HORDES OF CHAOS . . .4

THE PATH TO GLORY ................8

Conquerors of the Realms ...........10
The Chaos Gods ............................12
The Endless Pantheons ................14
The Soul Wars ................................16

HOSTS OF DAMNATION .........18

Lord Infernil’s Reavers .................19

ANNALS OF RUIN ....................20

Archaon the Everchosen ..............24
The Varanguard ............................26
Warlords of the Dark Tribes .......30
Masters of Chaos Magic ...............34
The Lost and the Damned ...........38
Warriors of the Blasted Wastes . . .40
The Daemonic and
the Monstrous ...............................42
Denizens of the Eightpoints ........46

DIABOLIC GLORY ............50

WARRIORS OF THE GODS . . . . .60

PAINTING YOUR
SLAVES TO DARKNESS ...........62

ARMIES OF DARKNESS ...66

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES ........67

Slaves to Darkness ........................67
Ravagers ..........................................70
Cabalists .........................................72
Despoilers.......................................74

Host of the Everchosen ................76
Battleplan: The Threshold
of Damnation ................................78

PATH TO GLORY ......................80

Slaves to Darkness
Warband Tables ............................82

WARSCROLLS ...........................84

Chaos Horde ..................................84
Godsworn Champions of Ruin . . .85
Godswrath Warband ....................85
Ruinbringer Warband ..................85
Bloodmarked Warband ...............86
Fatesworn Warband .....................86
Plaguetouched Warband .............86
Pleasurebound Warband .............87
Overlords of Chaos .......................87
Archaon the Everchosen ..............88
Varanguard ....................................89
Gaunt Summoner on
Disc of Tzeentch ............................90
Chaos Lord on Manticore ............91
Chaos Sorcerer Lord
on Manticore .................................92
Chaos Lord on
Daemonic Mount ..........................93
Chaos Lord on Karkadrak ...........94
Chaos Lord .....................................95
Chaos Sorcerer Lord .....................95
Exalted Hero of Chaos .................96
Ogroid Myrmidon ........................96
Be’ lakor ...........................................97
Slaves to Darkness
Daemon Prince..............................98
Darkoath Warqueen .....................99

Darkoath Chieftain ......................99
Theddra Skull-Scryer .................100
Godsworn Hunt ..........................100
Chaos Warshrine ........................101
Chaos Chosen ..............................102
Slaves to Darkness
Chaos Spawn ................................102
Chaos Chariots ............................103
Gorebeast Chariots .....................103
Chaos Knights .............................104
Chaos Warriors ...........................105
Chaos Marauders ........................106
Chaos Marauder Horsemen . . . . . .107
Soul Grinder ................................108
Slaughterbrute .............................109
Mutalith Vortex Beast ................110
Furies ............................................111
Raptoryx .......................................111
Splintered Fang ...........................112
Cor vus Cabal ...............................112
The Unmade .................................113
Cypher Lords ...............................113
Spire Tyrants ................................114
Iron Golems .................................115
Untamed Beasts ..........................115
Mindstealer Sphiranx ................116
Fomoroid Crusher ......................116
Eightfold Doom-Sigil .................117
Darkfire Daemonrift ..................117
Realmscourge Rupture ..............118

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................119

PRODUCED BY THE WARHAMMER STUDIO

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Knight of the Fifth Circle (pg 28), The Many Gifts of Godblade (pg 32), The Weight of Sacrifice (pg 36)
and Echoes of Eternity (pg 44) written by Aaron Dembski-Bowden.

Chaos Battletome: Slaves to Darkness © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2019. Chaos Battletome: Slaves to Darkness, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer,
Stormcast Eterna ls, and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions,
images, names, creatures, races, vehicles,
locations, weapons, characters, and the dist inct ive likenesses
thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world. Al l Rights Reser ved.
No par t of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanica l, photocopying,
recording or otherwise, without the prior permission of the publishers.

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental.

British Cataloguing-in-Publication Data. A cata logue record for this book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer tain Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult super vision. Whatever your age, be carefu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-555-3

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
From the back of his dread steed Dorghar, Archaon leads the armies of the Dark Gods to
fur ther conquests,
the bedrock of the Mortal Realms warping beneath their tread.


PAGEBREAK
THE HORDES OF CHAOS

THE HORDES OF CHAOS

Where the worshippers of the Dark Gods march, the Mortal Realms tremble. Under the gaze of their dread
pantheon, the Slaves to Darkness car ve their way through all who stand before them in pursuit of glory. At their
head stride some of the most powerful servants of Chaos, forever seeking new challenges and conquests.

4

Clad in hellish iron and wielding
cruel rune-marked blades, the Slaves
to Darkness spread war across
the Mortal Realms. To look upon
them is to witness the doom of
civilisation made flesh; barbarous
tribes march alongside chosen
warriors swollen with the favour of
the gods. Their weapons glow with
baleful light, while ragged banners
bearing twisted sigils snap in the
hot air. As the hordes of the damned
crash into the enemy,
the roars of
fell monsters assault the senses,
their very presence warping the
lands around them into forms of
unrecognisable horror.

Yet even these are not the most
dreaded warriors of the ruinous
hosts. That dark honour belongs
to the Champions of Chaos.
Brutish chieftains, fallen knights
and cunning sorcerers vie to earn
the favour of the gods, their lives
dedicated to battle and carnage in
pursuit of divine favour.

As they slay in the name of the Dark
Powers, these champions accrue
blessings granted by their godly
masters. Their bodies are twisted to
better suit the whims of their patron,
and the aura of power that surrounds
them – not to mention the spreading
tales of their glorious slaughters and
malevolent exploits – draws fellow
worshippers of Chaos from across
the lands to join their warbands. The
more glory they reap for their god,
the more rewards they shall earn,
and the larger their conquering hosts
wi l l grow.

For all their great power, the
majority of Chaos Champions
nevertheless meet a grim end. Those
who fall in battle are the lucky ones,
though their souls are destined to be
dragged to the Realm of Chaos and
consumed by the thirsting gods. For
many,
the ‘gifts’ of the gods prove
too much to bear, their minds and
bodies sundered by the power of
raw Chaos flowing through them.

The fate of these great warlords is to
devolve into little more than hideous
spawn-things. Yet even this horrific
end is not enough to dissuade many
aspiring champions from stepping
upon the Path to Glory. For a rare
few, those who consistently please
the gods and possess the strength of
wi l l to master their dark blessings,
the ultimate reward awaits –
immortality as one of the feared
Daemon Princes, and an eternity of
battle in the name of Chaos.

Death, spawndom or daemonhood
– in the end every worshipper of
Chaos, from the lowliest Marauder
to the mightiest Champion, wi l l
meet one of these three fates. There
is no act, no matter how heinous
or vile, that these damned souls
wi l l not commit in pursuit of
glory everlasting.

TRIUMPH OF DARKNESS

Were a cartographer foolish enough
to venture into the tortured lands
beyond Sigmar’s nascent cities, they
would soon find themselves in the
domains of the Slaves to Darkness.
Here the scent of death lingers
on the wind, and the ground is
wracked with tectonic agony. Piles
of stacked skulls dot the landscape
where the hordes of Chaos have
passed. Mutated carrion birds circle
in search of fresh prey, while grim
monoliths raised in tribute to the

Dark Gods intermittently pierce the
horizon and radiate a sinister aura.

It is doubtful that such a traveller
would ever leave those lands, for
the worshippers of the Dark Gods
relish meting out brutality upon
those they deem trespassers. The
weak ling servants of the God-King
may claim that they are reclaiming
their rightful lands, but the Slaves
to Darkness see things differently
– in their eyes, it is these outsiders
and upstarts who are the invaders,
and who would contest the rightful
domain of the gods.

‘What

is best

in all creation? To crush

the weak. To burn their

lands to

blackened cinder. To catch the gaze of

the Powers Beyond. These things, and

these things alone.’

- Kardok Varx, Lord of

the

Thrice-Born Horde

The Slaves to Darkness are the most
widespread human inhabitants of the
Mortal Realms, particularly in more
primal realms such as Aqshy and
Ghur. The dead certainly outnumber
them, as do the skaven, the grots
and the Beasts of Chaos, yet none of
these have conquered so vigorously
as humanity.
In many cases these
mortals assemble into barbarous
tribes, yet amongst their number
are also fallen arcane sects, cursed
knightly orders and degenerate cults.
It is they, not the children of Sigmar,
who typify the masses of humanity
found in the Mortal Realms. Across
battlefields filled with deathly
energies, sorcerous technology and
incarnate deities, they fight with
sharpened axes and faith in their
gods, bartering their souls in return
for the power not merely to survive
such constant war, but to thrive in it.

The Age of Chaos – during which the
Pantheon of Order was broken and
the legions of the Dark Gods burst


PAGEBREAK
5

through into reality – brought the
Slaves to Darkness into ascendency,
but the seeds of damnation were
planted long before those bloody
centuries. The lost years of the Age
of Myth concealed hidden evils
beneath their shining veneer. It was
the aim of Sigmar and his godly
pantheon to create a paradise for
their worshippers, and in their
arrogance they had dared to hope
that the Mortal Realms were a reality
unmarred by the taint of Chaos.

Yet
the Dark Gods desired the
realms greatly, and they knew much
of mortal fallibility. The Pantheon
of Order had uplifted great swathes
of humanity through the arts of
civilisation, yet in many cases echoes
of ancient tribal ways remained. The
worship of older powers lingered
on the edge of many cultures’
consciousnesses. Gradually,
the
Dark Gods whispered into the ears
of countless peoples, disguising
themselves with the faces of these
venerable and familiar deities.

Little by little the Chaos Gods
corrupted civilisations across the
realms. Aqshian plain-dwellers
found their martial contests growing
bloodier, while in soaring library-
cities throughout Hysh scholars and
philosophers pursued dangerous
forms of lore with the obsessive
conviction of true zealots. Perhaps
in better days the Pantheon of
Order could have detected these
signs and worked to stamp out such
growing malignancy, yet even the
gods had become divided through
the machinations of Chaos and their
own clashing egos.

When the dam finally broke, the
daemonic legions of the Ruinous
Powers swept all before them in
a hurricane of shocking violence.
Landscapes twisted and writhed in
the grip of Chaos, and many mortals
began to pay homage to the Ruinous
Powers simply to survive. Though
the God-King and his allies fought
valiantly,
the disastrous Battle of
Burning Skies spelled the end of
organised resistance within the
realms. Sigmar was forced to retreat
to Azyr, and the other gods hid
their people away as best they could,
or otherwise abandoned them to

survive alone. In their absence, the
madness unleashed upon the realms
saw more mortals pledge themselves
to Chaos in desperation or lust
for power.

So have the Slaves to Darkness
claimed dominion over much of the
Mortal Realms. The lowliest amongst
them are not necessarily evil – they
are still human, with all the range
of emotion and experience that such
implies. They love and they hate,
they feel joy and despair, and they
can find momentary respite in a skin
of Aqshian flame-ale or camaraderie
with fellow warriors. Yet
the gods
they worship and the acts performed
in their service are fundamentally
corrupting. To rise high amongst the
Slaves to Darkness is to truck with
daemons and sorcerers. It is not only
to court fell powers from beyond, but
also to bask in their fickle attention.

Even one who seeks to use the
power of Chaos for noble causes wi l l
eventually find their soul remade
as the gods’ plaything, for it is the
nature of Chaos to despoil and defile
even the purest of intentions. Its
worshippers are eternally bound to
walk a road that leads to nothing
but their own demise, or being
remade in the image of their god for
evermore – and in so doing,
losing
the essence of who they once were.
When the Path to Glory is walked,
the price is always the soul. Those
who bear the brand of Chaos are,
therefore, all slaves of darkness in
the truest sense of the word. All,
but one.

THE THREE-EYED KING

The hosts of Chaos are fractious
and divided, for such is the inherent
nature of the Path to Glory. A
would-be champion must be willing
to go to any length to achieve power
and greatness. All, however, owe
obedience to Archaon, for he is the
Everchosen, the favoured warlord
of the Dark Gods, the Exalted
Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse.
Any who defy his wi l l are trampled
into dust by the Varanguard,
the
infamous Knights of Ruin, cleaved
in twain by Archaon’s own fearsome
daemonblade, or destined for an
eternity of torment as a result of
being devoured by his colossal three-
headed steed, Dorghar.

Even daemon lords must take care
in the presence of the Everchosen.
Archaon is a veritable demigod of
darkness, and by his hand have
the armies of Chaos laid waste to
the Mortal Realms. Only Azyr
still has not yet felt his wrath. Yet
the Everchosen is more than just
a mighty warrior. Few can match
Archaon in the arena of strategy, and
for many long years has he plotted
how to smash open the gates of the
heavens and lay waste to the Celestial
Realm. Ancient antipathy exists
between Archaon and Sigmar,
for the
Everchosen has brought death to the
God-King’s servants since the time
of the world-that-was. Only when
Azyrheim burns and daemons defile
the ruins of Sigmaron wi l l Archaon
know satisfaction.

Now, as the Soul Wars rage on,
the Slaves to Darkness prepare to
undertake their own crusade of
reconquest. The tribal conflicts must
cease – the gains made by Sigmar
and the remnants of his weak ling
pantheon must be reversed. Across
the Mortal Realms new champions
arise, eager to attract the gaze of the
gods and the Everchosen through
their malefic deeds. It is to be an
age of opportunity and slaughter
beyond even the excesses of the Age
of Chaos. The Dark Gods are united
in one thing alone – the desire to
conquer the Mortal Realms in their
entirety – and their worshippers
wi l l see the realms burned to
cinders before they surrender their
hard-won dominion.


PAGEBREAK
Beneath tortured skies and banners marked with the symbols of fell gods, the Slaves to Darkness seek nothing less
than to conquer all of creation. Countless mortal tribes and civilisations have pledged themselves to Chaos, and at
their head rides Archaon the Everchosen – favoured of all the gods – and his dreaded knights, the Varanguard.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
THE PATH TO GLORY

8

THE PATH TO GLORY

To gain greater power, and ultimately to attain immortality through ascension to daemonhood, is the
ambition of all Slaves to Darkness. Yet the road to achieve such an end is always long and bloody, and for many
proves lethal. Even should a champion triumph in battle, the gifts of the gods do not always prove beneficial…

their demise as any other worshipper
of Chaos, within them remains a
spark of individuality that the Dark
Gods loathe and covet in equal
measure. Such rapacious beings
always lust for that which they do
not possess.

Whatever their reasons for stepping
upon the Path to Glory, a Champion
of Chaos soon becomes addicted to
accumulating more and more power.
At first, the rewards they receive
seem relatively simple; their natural
strength wi l l be bolstered, or they
may be bequeathed a suit of rune-
marked iron forged by the Furnace
Kings of Azgorh. Many champions
wi l l also begin to revere a particular
deity at this point, though even as
they channel their chosen god’s
powers they wi l l still offer prayer and
supplication to appease the others.

As time goes by, however,
the gifts of
the gods wi l l inevitably grow more
bizarre; the champion’s
eyes may pop
out on stalks, or perhaps their legs
wi l l bend backwards in sickening
fashion. They wi l l gain limbs, or lose
them. Claws, fangs and tails wi l l
sprout across their bodies, as well as
stranger appendages taking the form
of lashing pseudopods or crowns of
flame-wreathed horns. There is no
rhyme or reason to these gifts, and
for every obviously useful reward
the champion receives – a fearsome
daemon weapon, greater command
of the arcane, or their armour fused
to their skin to form an impenetrable
hide – they may receive any number
of ‘boons’ that serve no easily
discernible purpose.

To become a Champion of Chaos
initially requires nothing more
than to pledge one’s
soul to the dark
pantheon. For many inhabitants
of the realms every day provides a
new form of horror under the boot
of their ruinous oppressors. It is
no wonder then that a significant
number choose to sell their souls
to the powers of Chaos and seek to
better their lot through conquest.
After all, it is preferable to be the
victor than the vanquished.

Not all champions are created equal,
however. Most are slain before
they catch divine attention. Others
simply lack the skill to prosper in
the war-ravaged realms. Then there
are those who, in their devotion or
lust for domination, fall deep into
the worship of but one of the Dark
Gods. Be they frenzied Bloodbound
or bloated Rotbringer,
these warriors
are soon suffused with the power
of their chosen deity and swiftly
come to embody their wi l l in the
Mortal Realms.

Yet whilst these blessed warriors
also seek daemonhood, they cannot
be said to truly walk the Path to
Glory. For although a lord of the
Slaves to Darkness wi l l
likely find
that their personality draws them
into the sphere of a certain aspect of
Chaos, by rejecting the quickest road
to power they attract the interest
of the Brothers in Darkness. Gifts
and boons are granted unto them
as they achieve greater glories, all
the better to sway the champion to
the exclusive service of one god or
another. There are few blessings that
the Dark Powers cannot grant, and
a god may reward one whose deeds
please them even if that champion
has already begun to gravitate
towards one of that deity’s rivals.
Though these champions’ souls
are as forfeit upon


PAGEBREAK
9

Complicating matters further is the
capricious nature of the Chaos Gods
themselves. It is almost impossible to
predict what wi l l please these beings,
and a champion can be seen to ‘lose
favour’
in a matter of moments. An
all-conquering lord can devolve into
a hulk of misshapen flesh known as a
Chaos Spawn seemingly at random,
while one destined for little but
violent death is catapulted to glory as
the eye of the gods falls upon them.

On occasion, these sudden reversals
in status are deliberate. Yet more
often than not such devolution
or ascension stems from the gods
proving too generous with their
dubious gifts. These beings do not
think in mortal terms, and care
little for the effect their ‘blessings’
have on those who court their
favour ; more than one champion
who has consistently pleased their
patron has been overwhelmed by
the sheer amount of mutative power
uncaringly bestowed upon them.

Despite their fractious nature,
one quality unites all successful
Champions of Chaos – their
unearthly charisma. It is the nature
of power to be attracted to power,
and those who seek to walk the Path
to Glory often begin by following
one who has progressed further
along that dark road. As a champion
rises in the favour of the Ruinous
Powers, fellow warriors of the gods
wi l l naturally be drawn to their
side and form the core of their
expanding armies.

These warbands are the fundamental
building blocks of almost every
grouping of the Slaves to Darkness.
They can range from the immediate
members of a champion’s
tribe to
many thousands of blade-sworn
killers. Warbands constantly grow
and shrink in size as warriors break
off to form their own conquering
hordes, are slain in battle or are
joined by new would-be favoured.
The greatest lords wi l l have many
lesser champions fighting for them,
and are able to attract the most
powerful servants through the
manifest blessings they have earned.

Before achieving daemonhood, a
Champion of Chaos must dedicate
themselves to one god above all
others. Ascension first requires total
submission. Those who make such
a pledge, and attract the notice of
their chosen deity, bear a divine
mark upon their flesh – be it an ever-
bleeding rune, cluster of pustules,
cack ling daemon-familiar or even
stranger sign. This is no mere brand,
for it allows the marked to draw
upon a measure of their god’s power.
Marked champions exude potent
auras of divine might, empowering
those who share their devotion.

Some Slaves to Darkness do not bear
the mark of any god; often these
are young warriors who are yet to
choose a patron, or hoary veterans
who have survived for decades
while worshipping the different
aspects of their cultural pantheon
with equal fervour. Though the
gods wi l l inevitably tire of such
indecision, these unmarked – who
can be said collectively to worship
Chaos Undivided,
for they do not
treat one god with greater primacy
than any other – remain deadly foes.
Their deeds still earn boons from
the gods, who seek to tempt such
unclaimed souls into their worship.
Yet
their command of their own
destiny – for the time being –
fills these warriors with a great
fervour, and compels them to
fight with utter fearlessness
to forge their own
dark legend.


PAGEBREAK
Conquerors of the Realms

10

CONQUERORS OF THE REALMS

The infernal dominions of the Slaves to Darkness can be found all across the realms. Countless lands have suffered
under their fury, and even with the dawning of the Age of Sigmar and the resurgence of enemies old and new, the
vice-like grip held by these warlords and champions of Chaos upon the Mortal Realms remains strong.

dark metal and blackened bone.
These strongholds are known by
various names, such as blackspires,
dreadholds and monolith-forts. To
approach a fortress of the Slaves
to Darkness is to court painful
death – and worse. The screams
of those captured by the Chaos
hordes ring endlessly from within,
while the armaments mounted
upon the angular walls glow with a
sinister light, powered by the bound
daemons that rage within them.

The purview of Chaos is not
to create, but to corrupt and
despoil. Everything that is forged,
constructed or otherwise brought
into being by the followers of the
Dark Gods is suffused with evil. As
they wage their wars the Slaves to
Darkness remake the very realms
themselves in their own baleful
image; every land conquered by
the tribes soon becomes a physical
tribute to their interpretation of the
dark pantheon.

The empires of the Slaves to
Darkness can be found all across
each realmsphere save Azyr,
the
Realm of Heavens. Some tribes
have even ranged towards their
home realm’s Perimeter Inimical,
into the lands where the power
of magic resonates most strongly.
Few return from these perilous
lands, and those who do claim to
have heard the voices of the gods
themselves. The crusades fought
by Sigmar Heldenhammer and the
former Pantheon of Order to reclaim
their ancestral domains have yet to
regain even a tenth of the ground
conquered by the Slaves to Darkness.
Their outposts and cities are mere
beachheads in a sea of unremitting
malice, pinpricks of light – though
not necessarily purity – flickering
within a choking abyss.

Those lands in thra l l to the Slaves
to Darkness were won through
acts of terror and slaughter. These
conflicts have not ceased, and
centuries of territorial warfare have
kept the blades of the tribes sharp.
Many champions walk the Path
to Glory through such conquests,
proving their devotion by raising
fell monoliths to the gods upon
the bones of their enemies. When
the armies of Order, Death or
Destruction attempt to carve out
new territory for themselves, the
Slaves to Darkness stand ready to
meet them with hellforged steel and
ruinous might – and to embark on
new conquests of their own.

STRONGHOLDS OF EVIL

Around every enclave of relative
civilisation are great swathes of land
still under the iron grip of the Slaves
to Darkness. It is not uncommon
for multiple warbands, tribes and
far-ranging hordes to dwell within
these dark domains, though each
area wi l l typically be ruled by a
single overlord. Many warbands and
lesser champions wi l l have sworn
themselves to these black-hearted
rulers, bound together through
a complex, semi-feudal structure
defined by the power and favour of
each subordinate champion.

The boundaries of these territories
are constantly shifting; a champion
wi l l only rule while they can prove
their worthiness, and all possess
rivals they must constantly be on
guard against. When the clarion call
to war is sounded, however,
these
ancient enmities are put aside – at
least for a time – and armies of the
Dark Gods from all across their vast
conquered territories wi l l join forces.

Many of the dark tribes are nomadic,
wandering wherever the call of the
gods takes them. Most tribes do,
however, have their own favoured
hunting grounds; to solidify
their claim over these conquered
lands, the overlords of the Slaves
to Darkness raise all manner
of imposing fortifications from

A TIME-CURSED EMPIRE

The lands west of Steel Spike have
been taken in Tzeentch’s name.

TRIBES OF THE GREAT PARCH


PAGEBREAK
THE VARANSPIRE

Though many of these strongholds
have become the stuff of dark
legend, there is one whose infamy
eclipses all others. Its name is
spoken only in whispers; even
the mightiest daemon-kings can
be cowed into silence by thought
of the torments that lurk behind
its spiked crenellations and
blood-drenched walls. This is the
Varanspire, and it is the fortress of
the Everchosen himself.

Rising high at the centre of
the Eightpoints – that strange
interstitial
land that offers passage
to the heart of each of the realms
– the Varanspire’s
scale defies
comprehension. Within tall towers

that pierce the Realm of Chaos itself,
Archaon’s
seers scry the twisting
paths of the future, feeding such
knowledge to the Everchosen and his
inner circle. Within the Varanspire’s
colossal walls can be found
mustering grounds for vast armies
alongside every imaginable horror,
from writhing nests of twisted flesh
to shrines to the Dark Gods that defy
all natural
laws.

Greatest of these sanctums,
located
at the Varanspire’s
black heart, is the
Chamber of the Vanquished. Within
can be found rows of twisted pillars,
ghostly faces writhing in agony
across their surface. Ragged banners
torn from defeated foes sway in
unearthly winds. Dominating the

RAIDERS FROM THE INFERNO

The Candescent Raiders blaze from within. It is said they
can charge through Aqshy’s
infernos without pause.

11

chamber is a throne forged from the
ossified souls of kings. It is a throne
upon which Archaon has never sat,
nor shall he until his conquest of the
Mortal Realms is complete. Though
several of the arcways – the colossal
Realmgates of the Eightpoints,
capable of transporting whole
armies at once – were torn from
the Everchosen’s grasp during the
Realmgate Wars, still the hordes of
Archaon march to battle across the
Mortal Realms, the desire for glory
and domination burning in the heart
of each servant of Chaos.

A WOUND IN REALIT Y

The Clavis Rift has allowed
Khorne’s
influence to seep in.


PAGEBREAK
The Chaos Gods

12

THE CHAOS GODS

Impossibly ancient beings who dwell within the roiling nightmare of the Realm of Chaos, the Dark Gods gain
their terrible power from the accumulated passions and sins of mortalkind. It is these dread entities to whom the
Slaves to Darkness pray before each battle, seeking the strength to slaughter their rivals.

KHORNE, THE BLOOD GOD

Khorne is the Blood God, oldest of all the Chaos powers. He is a being of
mindless, absolute violence, who cares not from where the blood flows –
only that it does. From atop his throne of skulls, Khorne’s
raging bellows
echo throughout the Realm of Chaos and across the Mortal Realms. Vast
armies of mortals and daemons march in his name, bringing the Blood
God’s creed of everlasting bloodshed to every corner of creation.

Although a tribe may view the god of war as an honourable or even darkly
noble figure,
in truth Khorne is neither of these things. Dealing brutal and
bloody death is the only way to maintain the favour of this furious deity.
He takes particular savage joy in witnessing allies turn upon one another,
and many of his devoted wi l l readily slaughter one another when no other
enemy presents themselves. This said, however, Khorne has no patience for
duplicity. He reserves a particular loathing for magic, and views sorcerers
as cowards of the foulest breed. No practitioner of the arcane arts has ever been bestowed with Khorne’s mark, save
Archaon – and this is only due to the unique position the Everchosen holds in the eyes of the dark pantheon.

The Godtouched of Khorne, known as the Bloodmarked, are the most savage of all Slaves to Darkness. Though they
have yet to join the chosen ranks of the Bloodbound – either through degenerating into a cannibalistic Bloodreaver,
or undergoing the Red Baptism and being remade as a Blood Warrior – their warbands are a terrifying force in battle.
Eight is Khorne’s
sacred number, and thus each Bloodmarked champion wi l l draw eight bands of followers to their
side before launching their bloody crusades. As the master of the warband slaughters their enemies, their followers
are infused with even greater fury, blades endlessly rising and falling to carve through their enemies with relentless
fervour. There is no foe that the Bloodmarked wi l l not eagerly battle against, yet their favourite enemies are the
followers of Slaanesh – for Khorne despises the hedonistic Prince of Pleasure above all others, and the mere sight of
one bearing the Dark Prince’s brand stokes the furnace-hot fur y of the Bloodmarked to new heights.

TZEENTCH, ARCHITECT OF FATE

Of all the Chaos Gods, it is Tzeentch who bears the most names: the
Architect of Fate, the Great Conspirator and the Lord of Flux are just
some of his multifarious titles. From his domain at the heart of the
Impossible Fortress he plucks at the strings of causality, manipulating
the skeins of destiny to his own unknowable ends. While he may be
worshipped in countless guises as a benevolent god of fate and self-
improvement,
the Architect of Fate considers all mortals little more
than pawns in his grand cosmic game. If he chooses to protect some of
his champions,
it is only because they have another, greater role to play
in manipulations yet to come.

Tzeentch is empowered by the hope of mortals, and by the desire to change
and better one’s
station that is present to a degree within all humans. As
such, he has a natural rivalr y with Nurgle, god of despair and acceptance of
the inevitable. This is not to say that Tzeentch can be trusted to make good on
his promises of power : his gifts are the most mutagenic and strange of all, and those
who catch his gaze regularly end their days either slain by an ambitious rival or as a
writhing mass of flesh and tentacles. Those who survive are particularly dangerous foes, however, and the Godtouched
of Tzeentch are unlike any other. Each of these Fatesworn was once a figure of some import amongst their tribe, and
thus a prime target for the attention of the Great Manipulator,
for Tzeentch craves the worship of the powerful and
influential first and foremost. Having seen but a sliver of Tzeentch’s
true face, these warriors have been driven entirely
mad, drawn from their old lives into his service. Their warbands are divided into groups of nine warriors, representing
their master’s particular numerological obsession. Magic clings to the Fatesworn, a gift from the greatest patron of
sorcery of all the Chaos Gods, and flickers of arcane power surround them at all times – spiteful flux-incantations
drawn from the heart of Tzeentch’s
realm, and ready to be unleashed upon the foe.


PAGEBREAK
13

NURGLE, FATHER OF PLAGUES

Wherever sickness blossoms, wherever the tendrils of desperation
grip the hearts of mortals, there can be found the touch of
Grandfather Nurgle. His spheres are corruption and morbidity,
and he takes a foul joy in the spreading of decay. His power is great
but cyclical, waxing when sickness stalks the land and waning as
his beloved plagues recede. Nurgle’s nature is perhaps the most
difficult for those not bound to his service to comprehend. Though
he is empowered by despair and entropy,
the Lord of Corruption
is a jolly, gregarious, even loving figure. His daemons and mortal
servants are all his children, and from his cauldron at the centre of
his rotting manse Nurgle brews new plagues to ‘gift’ unto the Mortal
Realms. Those wracked by these sicknesses then take succour in
the Plaguefather’s rotting grasp, filled with a morbid vitality even
as their bodies become foul and bloated. So does Nurgle propagate
a twisted cycle, offering mortals a measure of reprieve from blights
that he himself unleashed upon them.

The Plaguetouched of Nurgle seek to grow closer to their foul
patron as they plunge deeper into the embrace of decay. The Lord
of Corruption has little desire to mislead his faithful, and the many differing depictions of Nurgle found amongst
the dark tribes tend to bear the closest resemblance to the true deity out of any of the gods. He is a vile mirror of
primitive gods of fertility and the harvest, and like them is surrounded by life – though Nurgle’s
favoured creatures
are flies, maggots and fat-bodied vermin. Most beloved of this rancid god are his mortal champions. Only one who has
dedicated themselves to the spread of sickness, so all may wallow in the filth of despair, can hope to truly gain Nurgle’s
favour and undertake a regenesis as one of the infamous Rotbringers. Though they have yet to rise so high in their
lord’s esteem, the Plaguetouched warbands – organised into seven groups, for Nurgle has ever held a strange fixation
with this number – are bestowed with all manner of bloated blessings, their swollen bodies filled with caustic bile that
condemns any it touches to a painful and particularly disgusting death.

SLAANESH, THE DARK PRINCE

Alone of the Dark Gods, Slaanesh is divinely beautiful. Neither male nor female,
the Dark Prince is the youngest and most vital of the pantheon – Slaanesh’s
power comes from no one emotion, but the intensity of all, and any pleasure
or anguish felt to excess feeds this hungering being. It is this that makes
Slaanesh’s worship so tempting to mortals, for many seek only the
slightest excuse to discard all code of conduct and lawful bindings
and indulge their wildest, most hedonistic desires. It is also this
that inspires such uncertainty in Slaanesh’s brothers, for while
they may hold ascendancy for now,
it is possible that Slaanesh
may eventually rise to eclipse them all – for whatever emotion
or yearning empowers them empowers the Dark Prince also,
provided it is felt with a great intensity.

Yet
that day may be long in coming, for Slaanesh’s
throne sits
empty,
the decadent god imprisoned in a place between shadow
and light by the vengeful aelven pantheon. Though the Dark
Prince may be bound, however,
it is impossible to chain Slaanesh’s
power entirely. Those champions who satiate their darkest vices
in increasingly perverse fashion may find themselves growing more
attuned to Slaanesh’s
truest nature; alone of the Godtouched, these devotees rarely seek to be actively claimed by
their patron, but instead naturally fall into the circumstance somewhere along the endless promenade of depravity
they wa lk .

Made up of six warrior-bands, one for each of the Circles of Seduction found within Slaanesh’s kingdom, these
Pleasurebound warbands are a scourge on all that is pure and decent. A substantial number choose to fight in the
Hedonite hosts, either despoiling countless lands alongside the daemons of Slaanesh, relentlessly seeking out the
lost god, or even – in the case of the most narcissistic champions – attempting to claim the Lord of Pleasure’s vacant
throne for themselves. Just as many wi l l remain part of their original tribe however, or journey to attach themselves to
new Hordes and particularly sadistic champions, chasing new and increasingly depraved forms of sensation upon the
Path to Glory with which to gratify themselves.


PAGEBREAK
The Endless Pantheons

14

THE ENDLESS PANTHEONS

The Slaves to Darkness tribes worship the great powers of Chaos in many different forms and aspects. Would-be
champions pray to these beings and seek their blessings as necessity demands, yet it is not uncommon for a tribe
to favour a single deity – and in so doing, eternally shack le their souls to one of the Dark Gods.

ASPECTS OF CARNAGE

If one constant can be observed within the Mortal
Realms, it is war. Small wonder then that so many
human tribes and civilisation pay homage to Khorne, the
Blood God. By a thousand names is the deity of slaughter
known: the Red Hound, Kharneth, the Axe Father,
Arkhar,
the Brass Belladonna or the Blood Kraken.
There are even some amongst the dark tribes who claim
that Khaine, whose name is screamed in devotion by
the mysterious aelf-gladiatrixes of Ulgu,
is but another
reflection of this primal
lord of blood.

The sacraments performed to these warlike divinities
vary, though most agree that they can only be properly
worshipped on the battlefield. Every warrior of the Slaves
to Darkness is likely to whisper a prayer to their culture’s
deity of battle on the eve of conflict – especially those
who dwell in the fiery lands of Aqshy, where the ‘red
gods’ are worshipped with particular fervour. Through
acts of slaughter, champions attract the gaze of these
bloodthirsty patrons; their skin may turn coal-black or
arterial red, and their weapons – of which the axe is the
most favoured – wi l l radiate an unearthly aura of fury.

The enduring image of a warrior who has been marked
by the Lord of Carnage is that of the howling berserker,
and in many instances this proves accurate to the point
that whole tribes are overcome with frothing fury. Yet
these are not the only figures to be receive the mark of
the battle-god. Fallen knightly orders wi l l often take an
avatar of war as their patron, while in Chamon there
are those tribes who worship spirits of mechanised
death, and are divinely blessed for each new murderous
invention they craft. Despite their differences, however,
all these godly figures share an utter loathing of sorcery.
The universal Lord of Blood despises those who would
employ magic as a crutch for their own weakness, and its
devoted warriors wi l l take any excuse to launch brutal
witch-purges amongst their neighbouring tribes.

THE MANY FACES OF FATE

Even those who claim not to believe in predestination
thank the gods when they pass through an arrow-storm
unscathed, or when their blade bites deep into the
vulnerable spot of an enemy’s armour. Some go further,
worshipping the Change God Tzeentch in a variety of
forms. Tchar,
the Lord of the Shifting Breeze, the Great
Eagle, Valedactine; all these beings, and more besides,
are honoured by those Slaves to Darkness who seek
mastery over the shifting tides of destiny.

The power of fate is worshipped across the realms, and
for all manner of reasons. Hunters wi l l beseech it to
guide their path towards a bountiful kill, while expectant
parents wi l l kneel at scintillating altars and offer prayer
or ritual sacrament to ensure a mighty destiny for their
offspring. It has been observed by the Slaves to Darkness
that those who court the divine aspects of change are
inevitably changed themselves upon receiving too much
of the power they sought. Yet despite this, or perhaps
because of it, the worshippers of the fated path are
amongst the most feared servants of Chaos. They tend to
possess a revolutionary spirit and a great sense of their
own predestined importance. Their actions can seem
bizarre, yet each contributes to an overarching whole that
carries them one step further along the Path to Glory.

There is no greater cause of change in the cosmos than
magic, and so it is unsurprising that many champions
have a connection to this mysterious force. Though
few are actively wizards,
it is not uncommon for these
warriors to receive snapshot visions of the future,
warning them of incoming danger and allowing them
to protect themselves accordingly. The strange arcane
aura that surrounds these Slaves to Darkness also
voraciously feeds on spells and hexes that come too close,
and on occasion magical force hurled against them wi l l
be outright dissipated, barely hindering their march
towards their destined fate.


PAGEBREAK
15

THE COLOURS OF DECAY

Within the Ghyranite kingdom of Erosia can be found
tribes of the Slaves to Darkness who worship a kindly
goddess known as Mother Mort. Their enemies do not
consider her so benevolent, for Mother Mort’s gifts take
the form of rot, decay, and an inevitable end to all things.
Yet
to the inhabitants of Erosia there is no shame in this,
for it is through devotion to their morbid matron that
they have survived in the plague-touched lands. If their
bodies are wracked by sickness and their frames grow
emaciated through blight, this is considered a small price
to pay for the foetid strength to prosper.

AVATARS OF DEPRAVITY

Though they chase victory in the name of the gods, it is
no surprise that most followers of Chaos seek to gratify
their own desires along the Path to Glory. Slaanesh
eagerly embraces such supplicants, whether they appeal
to him directly, or via one of his many guises. For
some, the pursuit of these sensations for their own sake
becomes an addiction. The spoils of victory and the
adulation of their fellow warriors present a lure that is
almost irresistible to a considerable number of Slaves to
Darkness. Drawn into the grip of self-obsession, many of
these champions fall to the worship of pleasure itself.

This is just one example of the manner in which worship
of Nurgle has spread across the Mortal Realms. Onogal,
Nielglen, the Rusting Patriarch, the King of All Flies –
these are but some of the names by which the primordial
cycle of life and death is acknowledged by the Slaves to
Darkness. It may seem strange to outsiders that there are
those amongst the mortal tribes who would willing ly pay
homage, and even seek the blessing, of the spirit of decay.
Yet
in the darkest places of the realms where all hope has
long since faded, many believe – not wrongly – that the
only way to survive disease and despair is to embrace
them. There are even some tribes that worship at the altar
of vermin-headed gods of ruin and corruption, cladding
themselves in rat-skin cloaks and dancing ecstatically
around burning bushels of crops. They are considered
outsiders by most Slaves to Darkness, however, and their
contempt for even the foulest forms of life sees them
particularly hunted by the worshippers of disease.

Those who fall deep into the worship of contagion soon
come to bear its mark, for the Chaos power of corruption
is renowned for a dark sort of ‘generosity’
towards its
followers. Many champions bestowed with this rancid
brand find themselves with a jolly new lease on life, for a
disease remains strong and vital even as it ki l ls its host.
Their weapons soon become blighted with verdigris and
rust, yet never lose their edge – in fact, they only become
more dangerous, deadly toxins and potent maladies
dripping from their ki l ling edge. Surrounding these
pox-marked warriors are swathes of fat-bodied flies that
buzz and drone endlessly, obfuscating their advance
and constantly reminding these worshippers of foulness
that their loving patron is forever watching, and eagerly
seeking new initiates for their sickly congregations.

The depravities performed by those devoted to the
worship of sensation – an aspect of Chaos that can
take many forms both fair and foul, such as Loesh
the Serpent, the Shining Wyrm,
the Horned Man or
Shornaal of the Gilded Pavilion – are the stuff of legend.
Yet not all these beings are patrons of depravity alone.
In many cases they are prayed to for success in creative
pursuits indulged by the dark tribes. Many metal-shapers
or tellers-of-tales have produced works of surprising
beauty through entreating their tribe’s godly aspect of
excess and dedicating their entire soul to their craft.

Curiously,
the multifarious deities reflecting the
universal Chaotic aspect of excess are often believed to
be particularly distant from their servants, and even
their brother deities. Many of Loesh’s worshippers
believe that he lies chained upon the bed of Ghyran’s
Sea of Elemental Truths, bound there in ages past by
the fey inhabitants of the Jade Kingdoms. Amongst the
Dreaming Clans of Hysh,
it is claimed that the King-
Queen of Forbidden Secrets speaks to its supplicants
only through mirrors. Some Slaves to Darkness actively
seek these absent beings, but most are content that their
blessings can still be reaped. Filled with an irrepressible
mania, the devotees of pleasure hurtle across the
battlefield at a terrifying pace. Even as they carve
through the foe these damned warriors display a sinuous
grace, delighting in the pain they give and receive. Most
depraved of all these libertines are their warleaders, for
walking the path of excess inevitably leads to pursuing
darker and darker desires. The greatest champions are
treated as living deities by their followers, and entire
nations of Slaves to Darkness kneel at their feet and seek
to satisfy their every unearthly whim.


PAGEBREAK
The Soul Wars

16

THE SOUL WARS

Though it spanned many mortal lifetimes, the Age of Chaos did not last forever. As Sigmar’s Tempest rolled across
the heavens, the Slaves to Darkness were suddenly beset by those they had once crushed – and though they met
each of these challenges with grim enthusiasm, worse was still to come.

Though the Age of Chaos
represented the triumph of the
Slaves to Darkness, it also carried
the seeds of disaster for the followers
of the gods. The inherent instability
of the Ruinous Powers threatened
to accomplish what organised
resistance could not. In the absence
of any worthy foe the worshippers
of Chaos were wont to turn on one
another to satiate their destructive
impulses. On account of their
widespread conquests it was the
Slaves to Darkness who led much of
this internecine conflict; countless
warbands clashed, each champion
seeking to ascend the Path to Glory
over the bones of their slain rivals.

Even as he subjugated hundreds
of kingdoms across the realms,
from the Howling Cities of Ghur’s
Beastplains to the aerial empire of
Zepheria, always the Everchosen
schemed how to bring down the gates
of the Celestial Realm. This is not to
say that the other realms were spared
Archaon’s attention. Across the
Realm of Beasts his armies fought
the brutal Greenskin Wars, while the
Battle of Black Skies saw Nagash cast
down by the Slayer of Kings – albeit
even this could not slay the Lord of
Undeath permanently. Yet
in the
depths of his black heart, Archaon’s
greatest desire remained always to
topple the God-King’s throne.

Before Archaon could unleash
his armies against Azyr, however,
Sigmar counter-attacked. Wreathed
in lightning and wielding storm-
blessed weapons, the Stormcast
Eternals descended to take the fight
to the hordes of the Ruinous Powers.
The Slaves to Darkness were caught
utterly off guard. Their lives had
been spent fighting fellow Chaos
worshippers or the rampaging tribes
and clans of Destruction. Few were
the forces of Order that still stood
against the hordes of the Dark
Gods, and none had ever managed
to marshal such a determined
campaign of retribution.

The arrival of the Stormcasts marked
the beginning of the Realmgate
Wars,
in which Sigmar’s servants
sought to control the Realmgates
and re-establish alliances with
former members of the Pantheon of
Order. At first the Slaves to Darkness
suffered greatly under this assault.
Confronted by enemies who had the
crucial advantage of surprise and
could match them blow for blow,
entire tribes were wiped out in quick
succession. Yet cruelty is tenacious.
Gradually,
the Slaves to Darkness
took the measure of their foes. Soon
the followers of the Dark Gods won
as many battles as they lost, casting
their celestial adversaries back to
Azyr and earning reward on top of
reward from their patron deities.

Archaon led many battles against
the Stormcasts, for he rejoiced at
the chance to best Sigmar’s chosen.
In so doing his plan to assault Azyr
was put into motion. It was the
Everchosen’s
intent to harness the
power of the godbeasts, employing
their strength to smash through the
gates of the heavens. In this, he was
thwarted; the World Titan Behemat
was slain by the Stormcasts beneath
Ghyran’s Great Green Torc, while
in the Lands of the Chained Sun,
Ignax the Solar Drake – though at
first bound to the Everchosen – was
released from servitude through a
mighty spellbreaker rune wrought
into her hide by Fyreslayers of the
Austarg lodge. More frustratingly

still, the arcways leading to Ghyran,
Aqshy and Ghur were disrupted
at the climax of the Realmgate
Wars, removing the most efficient
means of transporting Archaon’s
armies to these lands. As free cities
of Order began to rise, Archaon
sought new methods of conquest.
In the meantime, the Everchosen
commanded his armies to bring
death to the enemies of the gods
– not that the glory-hungry
champions of Chaos required
much encouraging.

VENGEANCE OF
THE DEAD

Just as hope had begun to return
to the Mortal Realms, Nagash’s
machinations saw it shattered.
Having long since recovered from
defeat at the Everchosen’s hand,
and enraged by the theft of souls he
believed rightfully his by his fellow
gods, the Great Necromancer set in
motion a grand ritual that would
transform every realm into an
empire of the dead.

Across the realms, the seers and
warleaders of the dark tribes were
wracked by deathly visions and
omens. The mightiest of these was
Marakarr Blood-Sky, a Darkoath
Warqueen who assembled a colossal
multitude of tribes under her banner
to march on Nagashizzar and thwart
Nagash’s plot. Yet even she was
unable to stop the ritual in time;
only the machinations of the Great
Horned Rat prevented the God of the
Dead achieving his goal, and even
then the result was devastating.

The resulting storm of Shyishan
magic that rippled across the realms
saw thousands of Nighthaunt spirits
rise from their graves, forming
great ghostly armies that served
as Nagash’s vanguard of terror.
It also heralded the dawning of
the Arcanum Optimar, a time of
great magical flux where lingering,
predatory manifestations of magic


PAGEBREAK
17

could be summoned to devastate
a wizard’s enemies – though not
necessarily be controlled afterwards.

As the Soul Wars began, the Slaves
to Darkness found themselves beset.
In a grim irony their success during
the Age of Chaos worked against
them – in slaughtering so many,
they had provided fertile ground for
raising vast quantities of Nighthaunt
spirits. Armies of shrieking gheists
fell upon many warbands, tearing
them apart with ethereal claws. The
tribes, however, were no strangers
to the otherworldly, and soon strove
to annihilate the deathless armies.
Marakarr and her host – having
taken advantage of the upheaval and
confusion caused by the necroquake
to fight their way clear of the
catacombs they had been trapped in
during the march on Nagashizzar
– had been hardened by their
fighting in Shyish, and launched a

dark crusade against the malignant
armies. Before long, the Mortal
Realms rang to the clash of Chaos
and Death.

The Eightpoints were not spared
from the arcane phenomena
sweeping the realms; broken ruins
were infested by unquiet spirits,
while the corridors of the Varanspire
resounded to mournful wailing
from unseen sources. The magical
flux unleashed by the necroquake
reverberated strongly in these
lands; before long, predatory
manifestations of magic twisted by
the power of Chaos terrorised the
land. Around the arcway that led
to Shyish, strange lights and fell
portents were witnessed in great
abundance, as if some monstrous
power exerted itself on the other
side. No warband who passed
through the Endgate to investigate
ever returned.

Archaon was enraged that he had
not foreseen the disaster,
that the
steady progress of Nagash’s plot had
evaded the gaze of even the Eye of
Sheerian, the artefact that granted
Archaon his great prescience.
Equally,
the necroquake brought
with it a realisation;
in focusing so
much of his attention on Sigmar,
Archaon had become blind to those
he had thought long defeated. No
longer would that be the case. It
was time for the Everchosen and his
armies to strike back, and to remind
the realms why they feared Chaos.

Archaon passed beyond the sight
of even his most trusted servants,
despatching bands of Varanguard
to enforce his wi l l in his absence.
The Everchosen drew his nine Gaunt
Summoners to his side, and set the
daemon-sorcerers a single task.
Before the new war could begin, he
had an old ally to seek out…


PAGEBREAK
HOSTS OF DAMNATION

18

HOSTS OF DAMNATION

The anarchic nature of Chaos makes it almost impossible to apply consistent logic to its armies. There are,
however, some common factors that define these legions. Champions who achieve great glory w i l l attract many
warriors to their banner, and in turn can be overthrown by one who has risen higher in the favour of the gods.

Most Slaves to Darkness belong to a
Horde, an assemblage of warbands
and champions under a single master
known as the Godsworn Overlord.
The term ‘warband’
is used with
little precision by the followers of
Chaos. Most simply,
it refers to a
group of warriors and their ruling
champion. In truth however,
there
is no one definition;
it can describe
both a handful of Marauders under
their tribal chief, and a hundred
or more ironclad killers marching
at the side of a mighty Daemon
Prince. Similarly, a Horde does
not require unthinkable numbers
to be considered as such by the
dark tribes. A tight-knit force of
Chosen or Chaos Knights can just
as accurately consider themselves a
Horde as thousands upon thousands
of howling tribesmen, and few who
face them in battle would dispute
the claim.

Hordes are akin to cults of
personality,
their warmongering
path directed by the whims of the
Godsworn Overlord and their
inner circle. How these champions
choose to walk the Path to Glory,
and the aspect of the Chaos
Pantheon – if any – that they swear
themselves to wi l l ultimately define
the composition and tactics of the
warbands under their control. Each
Horde can, nevertheless, be defined
as one of three separate archetypes
based on how their masters seek
immortality – the Ravagers, the
Cabalists and the Despoilers.

Ravager Hordes are the most
numerous, having spread across the
realms in their lust for conquest.
There is often little subtlety to the
tactics or aims of the Ravagers, but
this is no impediment, for their
skilled warriors rejoice in meeting
any challenge with cold steel. Those
who fall are soon replaced, for
many savage tribes are drawn to
the warpath of a Ravager Horde,
eager to share in the spoils of their
pillaging and victories. More so

than any other form of Horde,
Ravager armies tend to contain
many powerful champions vying for
control; often these figures possess
a shared background, such as the
Graven Fang tribe that is ruled by
three sister-Warqueens.
It is the
tragedy of Chaos, however,
that
eventually these champions must
slay one another to ascend the Path
to Glory. Only one can rule, and all
who stand in a champion’s way must
be removed,
lest divine favour falls
on them instead.

The Cabalists seek power through
means other than simple slaughter.
Their Hordes are led by covens of
sorcerers who have studied the
secrets of blood magic, enacting
dark rituals through the sacrifice of
their servants; many originate from
the deathly lands of Shyish, where
soul-mages and channellers of the
dead have long held prominence.
Some tribes serve the Cabalists
willingly, considering it an honour
to feed the gods’ hunger with their
souls, while others are little more
than slaves forced into submission
by a sorcerer’s chosen followers – or
are even controlled like puppets by
the warlock cabals. The dawning of
the Arcanum Optimar has seen the
number of Cabalist Hordes swell,
for the manifestation of predatory
spells has been of great interest to
many sorcerers, and there are those
who seek power by mastering or even
absorbing this wild magic.

The rarest Hordes are known as the
Despoilers. These are amongst the
most dreaded armies of the Slaves to
Darkness, for in most cases they are
led by Daemon Princes – those few
champions who have reached the end
of the Path to Glory and achieved
the immortality they so crave. These
beings have returned to command
their former warbands – or assemble
new armies of the devoted from
across the realms – and seek to
spread corruption to every corner
of creation. Most Despoiler Hordes

wi l l contain but one Prince, for these
ascended beings are jealous and
egotistical almost to a fault. There
are, however, some that are ruled by
multiple daemons; these are fraught
alliances at best, kept intact only
through complex webs of competing
rivalries and hellish pacts. Where
these ruinous beings walk the land
cracks and writhes, thick palls of
blackness manifesting as the Realm
of Chaos seeps into the bedrock of
reality. Despoiler Hordes are often
smaller than their Ravager and
Cabalist equivalents, for only the
mightiest can withstand the presence
of a Daemon Prince for long.
Alongside them lope all manner of
hideous, mutated monsters, drawn to
the chaotic aura of a Daemon Prince
and invigorated by the dark energies
that surround them.

When Archaon or one of his
favoured lieutenants takes to the
field, the disparate Hordes set aside
their differences for a time to come
together as a single force of untold
devastation known as the Host of
the Everchosen. Often they wi l l be
joined by one of the dreaded circles
of the Varanguard riding in force; in
some cases entire armies may consist
of the Knights of Ruin, unleashed
when an enemy has truly earned the
Everchosen’s
ire.

While most assemblages of Slaves
to Darkness feature a multitude of
minor warbands, each devoted to a
different aspect of Chaos, there are
some tribes – or even entire Hordes
– that have dedicated themselves to
just one Ruinous Power. Known as
the Godtouched, these warriors all
bear their patron’s mark; though
they have not yet been chosen in the
manner of Bloodbound or Arcanites,
they have shown promise enough to
at least draw the gaze of their god.
The divine power that flows through
the Godtouched is a source of jealous
awe amongst their fellows, and a
reward for the intensity of their
single-minded devotion.


PAGEBREAK
Lord Infernil’s Reavers

LORD INFERNIL’S REAVERS

GODSWORN OVERLORD

Magnos Infernil, Butcher of the Cyclopean Span, atop the
fearsome Manticore Dreadrend

CHAMPIONS OF RUIN

Lord Infernil surrounds himself with the most skilled warriors of the Horde,
veteran Chosen and Knights of the Hellbound Brotherhood, who know that to
follow their Godsworn master is to find the greatest opportunities for glory.

GODSWRATH
WARBAND OF
LORD DORGOTH
MURDERBLADE

Many of
Murderblade’s
warriors worship
Chaos in the form
of the Ever-Falling
Axe, and loathe the
rampant hedonists of
lord Rapcion’s court.

RUINBRINGER
WARBAND OF
LORD EGRIL
THE BUTCHER

A veteran of brutal
mounted battles
waged amongst the
Reaver Wastes of
Aridian, Egril’s many
chariot and outrider
warbands are the
swift hammer-blow of
lord Infernil’s armies.

FELLRUIN
WARBAND
OF KYSO THE
RED SEER

Having slain Lord
Daemonicus and
claimed rulership
of his warband,
the shaman-chief
Kyso now plots to
wrest control of the
Horde entire from
Lord Infernil.

PLEASUREBOUND
WARBAND OF
LORD RAPCION
THE DEVOURER

Having fallen entirely
into the worship
of excess, Rapcion
leads six bands of
sensation-seeking
Godtouched to
gratify their most
vile desires.

The Horde of Magnos Infernil was once commanded
by the mighty Daemon Prince known as Kravoth
the Black, the scourge of Lethradel. When Kravoth
ascended to fight in the Great Game of the gods,
Infernil took control of his armies through strength
of arms and cunningly wrought pacts with fellow
champions. Now he maintains an iron grip on his
Ravagers through a mixture of fear, dark charisma
and consistent success in battle,
leading them ever-
onwards in search of fresh conquest and glory.

Like most Hordes, the warriors and tribes that make
up Infernil’s Reavers are loosely assembled into

warbands based on their cultural background and
murderous talents. Infernil’s personal enforcers
are his Champions of Ruin. These are the warriors
closest to the Godsworn Overlord, and it is often from
their ranks that a new leader wi l l rise. Godswrath
Warbands are the heart of many Hordes, scores of
devoted warriors massing around a Warshrine to
their patron Power, while Ruinbringer warbands
are gatherings of mounted warriors that revel in the
hunt and the ki l ling charge. The Godtouched, such as
Rapcion’s Pleasurebound, are devoted entirely to doing
their patron god’s wi l l and typically follow a Horde
only so long as it suits their immediate aims.


PAGEBREAK
ANNALS OF RUIN

ANNALS OF RUIN

20

To chronicle even a fraction of the battles fought by the Slaves to Darkness would fill the largest libraries of
Azyrheim many times over. Numberless champions have risen and fallen along the Path to Glory demanded by
the Dark Gods, and when their armies gather in force the resultant wars scar the very fabric of the Mortal Realms.

AGE OF MYTH

BOUNTY OF THE HEAVENS

Sigmar begins to bring the gifts of
civilisation to the tribes of humanity.
Gradually, cities are founded
across the Mortal Realms, and the
Pantheon of Order rules as divine
protectors. It is a time of plenty – yet
not all of the old ways are forgotten.

WHISPERS FROM BEYOND

As cracks begin to appear in the
Pantheon of Order over the course of
centuries, growing mortal weakness
germinates a seed of darkness that
the Gods of Chaos eagerly exploit.
In the guise of ancient tribal deities
they fuel these negative emotions,
drawing many cultures into their
worship in return for promises of
power. Evil rites are performed in
the worship of deities whose names
have not been uttered for millennia.
The walls of reality grow thinner as
the power of Chaos waxes.

REALITY BURSTS

Through their devotion, the faithful
of the Dark Gods weaken the barrier
between the Mortal Realms and
the Realm of Chaos enough for the
daemonic legions to burst through.
The Pantheon of Order is sent reeling
as reality is besieged by the armies
of the Ruinous Powers. Millions of
mortals pledge themselves to Chaos
to avoid being slain by the daemonic
hosts, throwing off the shackles of
civilisation and becoming the first
Slaves to Darkness.

AGE OF CHAOS

THE PATH TO RUIN

The Slaves to Darkness spread across
the Mortal Realms as the Age of
Chaos rages, slaughtering every
civilisation that stands in their
way. The first champions step onto
the Path to Glory, earning divine
rewards for each horrific deed they
perform. To mastermind their
conquest of reality,
the Dark Gods

call upon the Everchosen, promising
him dominion over every land
ground beneath his heel. Kingdom
after kingdom is soon conquered
by the Exalted Grand Marshal and
his legions.

BURNING SKIES

Upon the Fireplains of Aqshy,
the armies of Order, Death and
Destruction meet Archaon’s hordes
in apocalyptic battle. Seven times
does Sigmar’s charge threaten to
win the day, yet the Everchosen has
planned for such an eventuality.
Upon the eighth assault an illusion
conjured by Archaon baits Sigmar
into hurling his blessed hammer,
Ghal Maraz;
it is soon sucked into a
wound in reality, hurtling across the
cosmos before landing in Chamon.
Shorn of his mightiest weapon,
Sigmar is forced to retreat, Archaon’s
laughter ringing in his ears.

ARCHAON TRIUMPHANT

In the wake of the Battle of Burning
Skies, the Pantheon of Order
is driven into hiding. Sigmar is
forced to seal the Gates of Azyr,
consigning millions of mortals to
death or forcing them to sell their
souls to survive. Over the course of
the Nexus Wars, Archaon conquers
the Allpoints and raises the tower
of the Varanspire. Many fallen
cultures begin embarking on dark
pilgrimages to these cursed lands,

battling for the right to join the
Everchosen’s
conquering armies.

THE ABANDONED

Realising that there can be no
victory against the massed hordes
of Chaos, King Khalid Kol-Mehn of
the Kingdom of Sol leads his people
in a desperate flight across Aqshy.
They seek one of the fabled Gates of
Azyr, behind which the God-King
has promised sanctuar y from the
daemonic onslaught. Pursued and
savaged constantly by brazen-hoofed
daemons, only a few thousand
survivors manage to reach the
glittering Realmgate, with baying
foes closing in on all sides. Yet
just as
King Kol-Mehn reaches out for the
swirling portal, its light fades and
its aura of ancient magic sputters
to nothing. Sigmar has closed the
Gates of Azyr, and the last sons and
daughters of Sol are doomed.

King Kol-Mehn falls to his knees,
cursing the God-King’s name and
offering his soul and those of his
people in exchange for a chance at
vengeance against the betrayers in
Azyr. The Dark Gods hear this plea,
and in their capriciousness they
decide to answer. Suddenly swollen
with unnatural strength, their flesh
rippling with profane blessings,
Kol-Mehn and his followers turn and
slaughter their daemonic pursuers.
From that day on the survivors of Sol
name themselves the Abandoned,
and become amongst the most
savage and merciless persecutors of
the God-King’s faithfu l.

SMOKE AND BLADES

The Cabalist coven of Malcedex Vos
joins the hosts of the Hedonite lord
Kalian the Insatiable. Invited into
the Slaaneshi champion’s mirrorsteel
palace, Malcedex’s smoke-shrouded
illusions dazzle the pleasure-seekers
of Kalian’s
court. Delight turns
to horror, however, as the smoky
shapes take on physical form; what
appeared to be mere illusions are in
fact Chaos Knights of the Black Star


PAGEBREAK
21

warband delivered into the palace’s
heart by Vos’s magic. The slaughter
that follows is one-sided. By its
end Kalian has been torn asunder
by Malcedex’s followers, while
his supplicant tribes are reduced
to fodder to fuel the Cabalists’
fell rituals.

TAINTED WATERS

The river tribes of northern Invidia
successfully drive back a host of
Nurgle daemons from their lands,
slaying hundreds in a great battle at
the Fork of the Minuet. Yet so much
Plaguebearer blood is spilled into
the life-giving waters of these once
pristine waterways that they become
clogged and putrescent. Unable to
drink the tainted liquid or feed upon
the rotting, bloated fish within,
the Invidian tribes are stricken by
terrible thirst and hunger.

In desperation, they pray to any gods
or higher powers that might listen
for rainfall, and for sorely needed
food. Rotigus the Generous hears
their call. The Great Unclean One
summons a pestilential downpour
of ooze that overflows the banks of
the Minuet Rivers and swamps the
tribespeople’s
lands. It brings with
it bountiful diseases, mutations and
other grotesque blessings. Choosing
damnation over obliteration, the
survivors of the river tribes finally
accept these gifts. Thereafter,
they
refer to themselves as the Grey
Deluge. This pious Ravager Horde
travels far and wide, extolling
the virtues of its saviour – and
slaughtering any who shun the
Rainfather’s magnanimous offerings.

THE LORD OF PISTONS

Skar’torath,
the Monarch of Screams,
is banished in Chamon by the
armies of Prosperia. Infuriated, the
Daemon Prince speaks the Oath of
the Iron Pact and is transmuted into
a Soul Grinder. Upon re-entering
the Golden Realm, Skar’torath finds
himself in Chamon’s outerlands. The
Soul Grinder soon discovers tribes
who have gravitated towards the
mercurial wastes. Many are slain as
Skar’torath seeks to repay the soul-
debt owed for his transformation,
but he spares those who worship
him as an ironclad demigod.
Soon the Soul Grinder is on the

warpath back towards the kingdom
that defied him, accompanied
by hordes of barbarians bearing
all manner of mechanical grafts
and implantations.

THE BLACK FEAST OF DROM

The duardin kingdom of Drom,
nestled amidst the Smoulderpeak
mountains of Aqshy,
is one of
the few civilisations to still stand
after centuries of Chaos assaults.
Displeased by the resistance of the
defenders, Archaon unleashes the
Seventh Circle of the Varanguard –
the Bane Sons. Riding at the head of
a vast mounted host, the Bane Sons
trample the gromril-clad throngs
sent to stop them. They spare only
the Runelords,
instead devouring
them in a gory feast. Through this
cannibalistic rite the Bane Sons gain
insight into the runic locks carved
upon Drom’s
Iron Gate. Armed with
such knowledge the Varanguard
cast down the defences with ease,
slaughtering the duardin of Drom
and hanging their severed heads
upon the shattered Gate.

WHISPERS IN DARKNESS

The seven Shadow Cities of the
Simrulas Coast prove stern foes
for the armies of the Everchosen.
Masters of illusion and subterfuge,
the Umbral Lords of those dark ling
strongholds lure the attacking
Ravager Hordes into a series of
terrible slaughters. It is only through
the machinations of Be’ lakor the
First Prince that the Shadow Cities at
last succumb. Whispering promises
of salvation to each lord should they
turn upon their fellows, Be’ lakor
weaves a complex web of intrigue,

murder and torment that brings his
enemies to their knees. Paranoid and
fearful of their kin as much as the
invading hosts massing upon their
borders, the Umbral Lords prove
easy prey when Be’ lakor finally sends
forth his daemonic legions. They
tear each Shadow City apart in turn,
gleefully devouring the souls of the
occupants and raising statues woven
from shadow in honour of their
Dark Master.

WAR OF THE THIGHBONE

The Ravager Horde of Gnarl
Shatterskull becomes embroiled in a
brutal war with Bonesplitter orruks
of the Bonegrinz Warclan when
he steals the sacred relic they call
Grummok’s Leg – the thighbone
of a gargantuan Magma Dragon
slain by a hero of the orruks in ages
past that grants ferocious bestial
strength to all who lay their hands
upon it. Slaughtering each other
with abandon across the peaks of the
Hungry Mountain in Ghur,
the two
foes stain the snowy heights crimson
with gore. In the following centuries,
Grummok’s Leg changes hands a
hundred times, and the bloodshed
shows no sign of abating.

GIFT OF MUTATION

Upon the remote island of Din in
Chamon, warlike tribes worship an
immense Mutalith Vortex Beast that
dwells within a cavern filled with
streams of molten silver and geysers
of bubbling flesh. Rival tribesmen
and other prisoners captured by
the Dinese are given to the creature
as sacrifices. Most are devoured or
transmuted into pillars of screaming
cr ystal or other hideous forms.
A rare few are granted the great
honour of being transformed into
mewling, tentacled and half-metallic
Chaos Spawn. The Dinese call these
fortunates the Silver-Blessed, and
follow them into battle reverently.

THE FURYSWARM

Thousands of Chaos Furies gather
together in an immense flock,
sweeping across the plains of Aqshy
like a plague of cruel locusts and
slaughtering all in their path. Many
tribes and kingdoms fall before the
swarm of lesser daemons disperses
as suddenly and mysteriously as
it formed.


PAGEBREAK
22

HARADH ’S REBELLION

With Archaon once again absent
from the Eightpoints, the immense
Chaos Gargant known as Haradh
the Breaker dares to rise against
the Varanspire, claiming that he
alone is worthy of usurping the
Everchosen’s
crown. Haradh gathers
great numbers of Fomoroid Crushers
to his side, promising them freedom
if they helped bring down the
Dreadholds which they once slaved
away to build. Haradh’s host makes
it as far as the gates of the Citadel
of Ruin itself before the Three-
Eyed King and the Varanguard
of his Third Circle descend upon
them – a distant ruler he may be,
but no hint of rebellion within his
domain escapes the Exalted Grand
Marshal’s notice. Haradh’s
army is
slaughtered, and the gargant flees to
his mountaintop fortress. Archaon
pursues him, and in a swift yet
brutal battle, carves open Haradh
the Breaker’s belly with the Slayer
of Kings, and stakes him out to die
a slow and agonising death beneath
the pitiless skies of the Eightpoints.
Thereafter,
the mountaintop site of
the traitor’s painful demise is known
as Haradh’s Torment.

THE GLORY OF NOCHSEED

Even as many of its Hyshian
neighbours are consumed by infernal
flames, the gleaming ziggurat-city
of Nochseed still stands proud and
unblemished. Its masked rulers put
themselves forth as beings of culture
and honour holding out against the
darkness, but rumours persist that
they practise vile rituals within the
depths of their temples, and that it
was in fact their spies that arranged
the downfall of their closest rivals
by making pacts with mysterious,
daemonic patrons.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE GOD-KING RETURNS

The Age of Sigmar begins in a flash
of lightning. From the heavens, the
Stormcast Eternals return to the
Mortal Realms to unleash Sigmar’s
vengeance. Hundreds of Slaves to
Darkness tribes are slaughtered in
the initial onslaught, though the
servants of Chaos soon begin to take
the measure of their celestial foes.

A GRISLY GAMBIT

Deep within the jungles of Invidia,
the ogor warglutt known as the Craw
threatens the rituals of the sorcerer
Garathrax. Knowing of the Craw’s
terrifying reputation, the fatesworn
Cabalist negotiates a deal with the
Splintered Fang tribe, promising
prime alchemical ingredients torn
from ogor flesh in return for their
aid. When the Craw arrive, they
rip through the sorcerer’s hosts,
though many fall to the spells of
Garathrax and his minions. As
the cabal flees at battle’s end, the
ogors feast on the fallen Chaos
worshippers. They soon realise their
mistake as the slow-acting poison
brewed by the Splintered Fang –
and that Garathrax has infected
his own warriors with – wracks
their innards. Even the fearsome
constitution of the Craw cannot
resist the insidious toxins. As the
last ogor chokes on their own bile,
Garathrax’s callous deception – the
latest in a line spanning decades –
sees him rise to daemonhood by the
wi l l of Tzeentch.

TO TAME A GODBEAST

Throughout the Realmgate Wars – in
which the Stormcast Eternals seek
to gain control of the Realmgate
network – Archaon leads many
battles against Sigmar’s chosen.
At Mount Kronus he slaughters
the Hammerhands to a man, yet
Archaon has grander plans in
mind; freeing the daemon-oracle
Kiathanus from its prison, the
Everchosen gains knowledge of how
to bind the zodiacal godbeasts to
his cause. Archaon despatches his
minions to claim Ignax the Solar

Drake and Behemat the World
Titan, seeking their power to breach
Azyr. Ultimately,
the Everchosen is
thwarted by the Stormcasts, though
they are forced to unleash the power
of the legendary Great Bolts to slay
Behemat. Frustrated in his ambitions
and incensed by the subsequent loss
of several Allgates, Archaon begins
to seek new means of conquest.

MASTER OF THE PITS

Archaon grants the Ogroid
Myrmidon Skaraggos Split-Eye
the title of Grand Pitmaster, after
witnessing the creature single-
handedly slay a Skitterstrand
Arachnarok in the arena. This
lofty title grants Skaraggos power
over every blood-pit and arena of
slaughter in the Eightpoints.

CIVILISATION UNDER SIEGE

The Season of War begins as
the forces of Order attempt to
consolidate the gains made during
the Realmgate Wars. Cities are
founded across the innerlands of
many realms, particularly Ghyran,
where the trio of settlements known
as the Seeds of Hope are established
in the Everspring Swathe. Many
Slaves to Darkness, especially the
far-ranging Ravagers, take umbrage
with this resurgence of Order and
descend upon these nascent cities
to cast them down in the name of
the Ruinous Powers. Ultimately
they fail to overthrow the Seeds
of Hope, though the Ironsoul
Horde successfully annihilates the
burgeoning Ghurish city of Matarka,
salting the earth with the spilt blood
of the defenders.

FURY OF THE DEAD

Nagash’s dark ling scheme to engulf
every realm in the power of Shyish
nears fruition. Many champions
receive god-given visions driving
them to Shyish; greatest of these is
the Darkoath Warqueen Marakarr
Blood-Sky. She swiftly assembles
a vast horde around the battle-
hardened core of her own tribe,
absorbing many other warbands by
slaughtering their leaders. Blood-
Sky nearly succeeds in reaching
Nagashizzar and halting Nagash’s
ambitions, but is waylaid at the last
minute by a force of puritanical
Stormcast Eternals. Nagash’s


PAGEBREAK
23

necroquake ripples across reality as
his grand ritual reaches its climax,
summoning the spirits of the dead
back to the Mortal Realms – though
Marakarr survives, and swears to
one day shatter Nagashizzar stone
by stone.

A LINGERING PUNISHMENT

Across the realms, Nighthaunt
spirits rise to assail the living. The
Slaves to Darkness eagerly meet the
gheists in battle, for even such stark
reminders of mortality struggle
to unsettle those who dwell in the
nightmarish dominion of Chaos.
The Despoiler horde of Lavarious
the Adulated takes particular glee
in the return of these lost souls.
His monstrous horde seeks out
past battlefields where those who
would not bow before them were
slaughtered, the Daemon Prince
revelling in the opportunity to best
his enemies a second time as they
rise to take their revenge.

TREASURES UNEARTHED

In the aftermath of the necroquake, a
bow wave of raw magic gushes across
the realms. In its wake, many ancient
secrets are revealed, the illusions
and enchantments that protected
them for centuries unmade in an
instant. Foremost amongst these
newly unveiled mysteries are the
Stormvaults – arcane repositories
constructed by the God-King, and
filled with all manner of forbidden
secrets. Eager to claim these
Stormvaults as their own, the Dark
Gods grant many of their most
powerful worshippers visions of the
plunder and glory that awaits within.
Ravager Hordes, Cabalists and
Daemon Princes of the Despoilers
alike descend upon the Stormvaults,
but they soon discover that they are
not the only ones to seek out the
God-King’s treasure chambers.

THE BLACK TOURNEY

Seeking the fiercest killers in the
realms, Archaon decrees that a
great contest of blood shall take
place before the walls of the
Varanspire. The Black Tourney
matches the greatest Chaos Knights
and beast-riding lords against one
another in duels to the death, with
the prize being a place within the
vaunted ranks of the Everchosen’s

Varanguard. Thousands of warriors
from across the realms travel to
the Eightpoints to test their lances
against one another ; they include
rotting chevaliers from the Order of
the Fly, black-plated Skullriders from
the steppes of Penultima, glittering
Knights of the Crack’d Mirror and
countless others besides.

Across the sulphurous plains of
the Eightpoints, these riders clash
in increasingly brutal and bloody
battles before a watching audience of
Daemon Princes and Chaos Lords –
the Three-Eyed King himself is not
present, but none doubt that he is
aware of each gory death and each
act of vicious brutality perpetrated
by the contestants. Soon the ground
is littered with ripped and torn
corpses, and stained dark red with
spilled blood. After many days of
carnage Desrachus of the Pale Heart
triumphs, thrusting the splintered
haft of his glaive through the eye
of Krasmus Throatcutter. He is
granted the honour of joining the
Fourth Circle of the Varanguard,
the dreaded Reavers of Chaos, and
a glorious saga of slaughter and
ruin commences.

A FEAST OF SECRETS

The Platinum Spire in Chamon
is a particularly large and heavily
contested Stormvault, where acid-
etched metal tomes filled with
studies on dark magic, necromancy
and daemon binding are kept in
teetering slab-stacks as tall as
ironoak trees. A trio of Mindstealer
Sphiranxes seeks out this bounty
of illicit knowledge, but soon find
themselves assailed by warriors of

the Secretkeepers – a Sacrosanct
Chamber of the Hallowed Knights.
The Stormcast Eternals have come
to safeguard the God-King’s hidden
repository, but the Sphiranxes have
no intention of relinquishing their
prize. Drawing many Chaos tribes
and Tzaangor Shamans to their side
via threats, psychic domination and
promises of power, they transform
the Platinum Spire into a ki l ling
ground of illusions, mind-sapping
glyphs and sorcerous deathtraps
that, tr y as they might, the
Secretkeepers cannot penetrate.

THE STOLEN SKULLS

The Ravagers known as the Blood
Revenants make a pilgrimage across
the Great Parch of Aqshy each
season to pray and offer sacrifice
before immense skull-ziggurats.
Korghos Khul himself – master of
the Goretide and favoured champion
of Khorne – raised these towering
piles. To the Slaves to Darkness,
such sites are sacred places, and
thus they are outraged beyond
reason when they discover that
lumbering Gothizzar Harvesters
of the Crematorians have begun to
haul away great loads of the bleached
skulls for their own macabre ends.
The Blood Revenants launch an
all-out assault upon the Ossiarch
Bonereapers, who respond by
sending forth vast hosts of their
own volatile, flaming Mortek
Guard. With axe and blade the
Crematorians are finally driven off,
but not before they have claimed
a fitting tithe of bones – including
many freshly slain Blood Revenants.

THE HAUNTED VARANSPIRE

The shock wave of the necroquake
reaches even the Eightpoints, the
morbid energy of Shyish clashing
with the raw power of Chaos. From
eerie phantasmal mists emerge
the vengeful spirits of those slain
in centuries past by the Slaves to
Darkness, presenting the battling
warbands of the Eightpoints with a
new and deadly challenge. Strange
lights and deathly phenomena are
observed with increasing regularity
around the arcway that leads to
Shyish. With their master absent,
Archaon’s garrison-lords begin
to prepare their defences against
whatever threat is coming…


PAGEBREAK
Archaon the Everchosen

24

ARCHAON THE EVERCHOSEN

Amongst the Champions of Chaos, Archaon stands alone. He is the Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse, the
favoured of the pantheon, and by his command are the Mortal Realms remade in the image of Chaos. Behind him
the armies of the Ruinous Powers march as one, forged into a single terrifying force by the w i l l of the Everchosen.

Every worshipper or beast of
Chaos that walks, slithers or lopes
owes obeisance to Archaon. He is
less a man than he is a demigod
of the Dark Powers, the chosen
commander of their infernal hosts.
Yet
the Everchosen is no mere
puppet. He has earned his position
through might, cunning and a
sheer determination that has seen
the doom of entire worlds. Should
the Chaos Gods ever achieve their
conquest of the Mortal Realms, it
wi l l almost certainly be in large part
due to Archaon.

Archaon’s origins are shrouded in
mystery. Few are the souls who know
the truth of his past. In the time of
the world-that-was, Archaon bore
a different name, and fought as a
devout templar of Sigmar. Upon
reading the apocalyptic writings of
the prophet Necrodomo, he learned
a terrible truth concerning the
divinity of the Heldenhammer that
shattered his every certainty. Taking
the name Archaon, he swore to
attain the mantle of Everchosen and
take his vengeance upon his former
lord. Across the realms, however,
other tales have spread concerning
Archaon. Some believe that he
was a great Azyrite emperor who
ruled before the coming of Sigmar,
and who swore himself to Chaos

to match the power of the upstart
God-King. Many tribes believe that
Archaon is simply a manifestation
of the Dark Powers – that when
Chaos came into being, so did their
greatest champion. The tribes of the
Untamed Beasts honour him as the
Eater of Worlds, while the shadowy
Cor vus Cabal see him as an avatar
of their avaricious daemon-god, the
Great Gatherer.

Archaon’s almighty status is
demonstrated through his bearing
of the legendary artefacts known as
the Six Treasures of Chaos. These are
no mere trinkets; each is an ancient
item steeped in terrible power, and
that marks his status as Everchosen.
Upon Archaon’s brow burns the
Mark of Chaos Ascendant, that
rarest of sigils denoting the favour of
all the gods. Within a groove upon
the Crown of Domination sits the
Eye of Sheerian, ripped from the
belly of the Chaos Dragon known
as Flamefang and which grants the
Everchosen a degree of foresight – a
fact that, combined with Archaon’s
tactical brilliance, makes him
nearly impossible to outmanoeuvre
in battle. The Armour of Morkar
is almost impervious to blows,
and was once worn by the first to
bear the mantle of Everchosen in
the depths of pre-history. Perhaps

most infamous of these artefacts
is the Slayer of Kings. Within this
legendary blade is the essence of the
daemon U’zuhl, who delights – and
excels – in devouring the souls of
monarchs and champions.

Though he fights their wars and leads
their armies, the Gods of Chaos
regard Archaon with a measure of
unease – perhaps even fear. They are
right to do so. Each of the Brothers
in Darkness has attempted to sway
the Everchosen to their exclusive
service, and each has failed, the
most powerful of their servants slain
by Archaon or ripped apart by his
monstrous mount, Dorghar. Within
the abyssal reaches of his soul, there
is a part of Archaon – or perhaps the
man he once may have been – that
looks upon the machinations of
all deities, whether they are one of
Sigmar’s failed pantheon or his own
supposed masters, with contempt.
Many of those sworn to Chaos bear
the Everchosen’s brand above any of
the dark pantheon. There are those
who whisper that should Archaon
ever achieve his ultimate aim of
grinding the Mortal Realms beneath
his heel, there wi l l be no gods to
play games with the lives of mortals
– nothing, save the black banners
of the Everchosen raised across the
length and breadth of every realm.

DORGHAR, STEED OF THE APOCALYPSE

The fourth treasure claimed by the Everchosen was the daemonic steed known as Dorghar. The quest for
this beast took Archaon into the Realm of Chaos itself, for Dorghar was once the most prized specimen
in the menagerie of the daemon lord Agrammon. Infiltrating Agrammon’s palace through cunning
and guile, Archaon used the Eye of Sheerian to locate Dorghar’s cage. Leaping onto the daemon’s
back, Archaon broke the creature in a titanic contest of wills, binding Dorghar through sheer force
of personality – and by offering his new steed the chance to take bloody revenge on his gaolers.

When the Gods of Chaos – save absent Slaanesh – sent some of the mightiest of their
greater daemons to test the Everchosen’s prowess, Archaon and his mount soon shattered the
challengers. Upon drinking the essence from their carcasses Dorghar gained his three heads, each
bearing the powers of one of the gods. The fell sorcery that runs through Dorghar’s veins also ensures
that those he consumes never truly die, meaning that the Steed of the Apocalypse is particularly
dreaded by the Stormcast Eternals. Those of their number devoured in battle by Dorghar – such as
Thostos Bladestorm, Lord-Celestant of the Celestial Vindicators and hero of the Realmgate Wars – cannot
return to Azyr to be reforged, but are instead subjected to an eternity of torment in the creature’s
stomach.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The Varanguard

26

THE VARANGUARD

Perhaps one in a thousand champions w i l l possess sufficient strength to undertake the trials of the Varanguard.
Of these, one in ten thousand may prove themselves worthy to join Archaon’s elite. Known as the Knights of Ruin,
they are amongst the most feared warriors of Chaos. When they ride in force, even the gods take notice.

To look upon the Varanguard is to
witness the Everchosen’s wrath made
manifest. Each is a mighty champion
and conquering warlord in their own
right, though they have set aside
their dark empires and former lives
to ascend to glory at the side of the
Everchosen. For Archaon to unleash
even a fraction of his Varanguard in
their terrible splendour is to sign the
death warrant of any who oppose
them, for the Knights of Ruin are
pitiless in ensuring the Everchosen’s
commands are carried out.

On occasion, a Champion of Chaos
wi l l witness a strange omen as they
walk the Path to Glory. Its exact
form may var y ; the champion may
behold the Everchosen’s mark amidst
a raging inferno, or the spray of
blood from a foe’s
slit arter y may
form a silhouette of Archaon. From
that moment the champion has
been singled out by the Three-Eyed

King. Some attempt to deny the
calling, but few can resist for long.
Their dreams are filled with visions
nightmarish enough to shake even
the most brutal killer, while their
bodies are afflicted with wounds that
bleed black, oily smoke and which
never heal until the chosen accepts
their destiny. The Walk of Blades, the
Dark Choosing, the Black Labours –
these are just some of the titles given
to the tests each aspirant must face.
There is no telling what these trials
wi l l constitute; all that is certain is
that a champion must triumph in
eight such endeavours, and each
wi l l be specially suited to they who
undertake it. Most fall during their
first trial, for Archaon has no use for
any but the strongest. The few who
succeed find themselves raised to
glory as one of the Varanguard.

Upon completing their trials, a
Varanguard is placed into one of

the Eight Circles in accordance with
their strengths and demeanour.
Every Circle is different,
invested
with their own talents and rituals in
much the same manner as a mortal
knightly order. Most feared are
the Swords of Chaos, those black-
armoured lords of the First Circle
who have ridden at Archaon’s
side
since time immemorial. From great
rents torn in the skies they ride upon
a carpet of raw Chaos, crashing into
the foe alongside their master with
terminal force. As the centuries
have passed, however, other Circles
have attained their own infamy. The
Third Circle, known as the Scions
of Darkness, dwell within the most
gloom-shrouded chambers of the
Varanspire and ride out from palls of
unearthly shadow. The Scourges of
Fate, the feared headhunters of the
Fifth Circle, hang the severed skulls
of their prey from the armour of
their mutated steeds. Strangest of all


PAGEBREAK
27

are the Eighth Circle, for even other
Varanguard know almost nothing of
these nameless warriors – only that
none can hope to escape their wrath.

loyalty is to Archaon above all, and
any believed to stand between the
Everchosen and his goals wi l l be
annihilated without hesitation.

The Varanguard have been
instrumental in many of Archaon’s
greatest campaigns. They were the
first to set foot in the Allpoints at the
commencement of the Nexus Wars.
At Mount Kronus, the Swords of
Chaos crushed the Hammerhands
Warrior Chamber in its entirety.
Should Archaon succeed in
smashing down the gates of Azyr,
it wi l l be the Varanguard that lead
the war to burn Sigmar’s realm to
cinders. Yet not every battle fought
by these knights is a realm-shaking
conflict. Archaon despatches bands
of Varanguard to carr y his wi l l to
many different armies of Chaos, and
on rare occasions wi l l command
a dozen or so to undertake a
particularly vital quest. Many
Varanguard wi l l have sworn their
souls to one of the dark pantheon
before receiving the Everchosen’s
summons, and still possess the
blessings of their god. This is not
to say that their fellow devoted can
manipulate the Varanguard;
their

Since the eruption of the
necroquake, the Varanguard have
been seen riding across the Mortal
Realms with greater regularity – for
though the Everchosen is engaged
on his own mysterious mission, his
command over the armies of Chaos
remains absolute. Some Varanguard
fight with, or even command,
forces such as Bloodbound
Warhordes or Arcanite cults, much
to the consternation of the lords
who formerly held dominance –
those who were not simply slain
for questioning the wi l l of the
Everchosen, that is. The greatest
proportion of Varanguard, however,
still wage war alongside the Slaves
to Darkness. At their command
the Hordes assail the boundaries of
civilisation with relentless fervour,
and on those occasions when
Archaon is sighted across the realms,
the armies that fight at his beck and
call are inevitably spearheaded by
a ruinous host of Varanguard from
one of the Eight Circles.

MARK OF THE
EVERCHOSEN

Should one of the Slaves to
Darkness exhibit sufficient
brutality and cunning
before Archaon or one of his
Varanguard,
they may be
granted the right to bear the
icon of the Everchosen himself.
This symbol is recognised
across the realms as a portent
of doom, and is branded onto
the favoured warrior by the
burning blade of the Slayer of
Kings. Many Varanguard bear
this mark somewhere on their
armour as a mark of prowess,
as well as to prove to those who
would seek to twist their loyalty
that their souls are sworn as
much to the Everchosen as to
any of the Dark Gods.


PAGEBREAK
28

KNIGHT OF THE
FIFTH CIRCLE

The Varanguard are figures of dreaded legend in the annals of the Mortal Realms. Each is a lord amongst the
damned, empowered by the gods and sworn to the service of the Everchosen. Their road to glory is inevitably
long and blood-soaked, and where they ride, no foe can stand before them.

He is a child, too young to
wage war but old enough to
learn the ways of the hunt.
His first kill is with a sling,
bringing down a speckled gryphak
on the wing. His father shows him
how to preserve the bird’s flesh
in salted strips for the next long
journey across the plains, and his
shaman teaches him how to crush
the bones into powder, to breathe
in and induce intoxicating dreams.
The beast’s feathers, dappled blue
and gold, he gives to his mother
for her headdress. The creature’s
inedible claws are woven into his
first deed-necklace.
His proudest moment comes with
the following dawn, as he recovers
from the twitching dreams of the
reagent-infused bone powder. His
sister, her skin scaled in the warpaint
of the tribe’s
spear-dancers, paints
his face with a hunter’s woad,
marking him as a prov ider for
the kin-clan.

The years pass. He is a young hunter
at the precipice of manhood.
His face reflects this, painted with
the markings of a killer of beasts, not
a slayer of men. There is honour in
this. Great honour. But no glory.
And like so many youths of his
tribe, he needs one and craves
the other. Honour is a necessity,
something he desires. But glory?
Glory is a thing to thirst for. To kill
for. To die for.
He moves through the bracken
forest, his footfalls scarcely
disturbing the ashy soil, his bare

shoulders never brushing the dry
and leafless branches. He imagines
himself wraith-silent; not like the
tormented spectres of the unsleeping
dead, but true-silent, making no
more sound than a shadow.
In one hand he holds a javelin
tipped with red bronze; in the other,
a sheath of mottled javik-leather,
tied tight and wrapped around
two spares.
Three casts. If he can’t bring down
his prey in three casts, he will have
nothing left but a knife of beaten
bronze and, may the Vulture God
help him, his w its.
Disaster has descended upon his
kin-band, and it has fallen to him to
break the curse. An oath was sworn,
made with blood and spit and fire,
that he wouldn’t return without
seeing it done. Already he regrets
leaving his horse behind, but his
steed is in heat, making her fractious
and unquiet. He needs to hunt in
silence tonight, and so he moves on
foot, alone in the dead forest.
He sees his prey before it sees him.
The figure hunches in a feral squat,
eating raw flesh from the throat
of an ulayak greatstag. The stag’s
knuckly antlers shiver with the
motions of its defiled corpse, their
ivory tips gouging the wor thless
ear th. No steam rises from its open
wounds, even on a night this cold.
It has been dead for some time, and
the creature feasting on its flesh
cares nothing for the fact it dines on
spoiling meat.
The hunter moves closer,
feeling a
chill on his skin that has nothing to
do with the night air. Sweat makes
jewels on his brow, each droplet a
diamond threatening to reflect the
moonlight. The prey, however, has its
back to him. The hunter was careful
to ghost around to the rear.
He makes ready now, notching his

javelin into an atlatl cane to hurl the
dar t with far greater streng th and
speed. With a spear, he can spike a
horse on the run, lancing its flank.
With an atlatl to add vigour to the
cast, he can bring down a stallion
with a single hear t-strike.
The hunter makes his throw. The
moment it flies from his hand, he
knows the cast is per fect. He barely
even sees it in flight – one moment
the dar t is launched, the next it’s
spiked through,
jutting from the
back of the prey’s neck and lanced
through the throat.
A per fect throw. A killing cast.
A warrior struck by such a hurl
wouldn’t even have time to gargle
any last words; they’d be dead
before they had the chance, bereft
of vocal cords, breath, and blood to
the brain.
Now the prey lies dead, neck-
snapped and impaled atop its cold
meal. The hunter’s
fear gives way to
pride. That was surely the cast of his
young life.
He’s murmuring his thanks to
the Vulture God when the prey gets
to its feet. The prayer fades first
to a whisper, and then to nothing.
Bloodless sinews creak as the prey
turns its head on a broken neck.
Shock steals the hunter’s grace.
He goes for his spares, drawing the
second dar t with more panic than
haste. The prey comes for him,
shambling, stumbling over the
uneven ear th, and in that moment
it ceases being it and becomes her.
Even worse, it ceases being prey and
becomes someone he knew. Someone
he knows.
He says his mother’s name. If the
dead thing remembers her name,
she shows no sign. Her rotting senses
track him unerringly. Sightless eyes
see exactly where he stands. The God
of the Dead blesses those he brings


PAGEBREAK
29

back; this is a lesson the hunter has
been told many times around the
tribal fires, and now he finally learns
the truth of it.
His second cast flies almost as true
as the first. It takes her in the hear t,
breaking her ribs with a dry-branch
snap, but the wound is meaningless
to the figure of cold bone and
cursed meat.
He makes his third cast as she’s
reaching for him, and Fate – or
Fate’s misbegotten child, Luck – is
on his side at last. The dar t drives
through the gravewalker’s eye with
enough force to stagger her, and the
hunter bears her stumbling form to
the ground.
Hands that have been dead for
days claw bluntly at his face. He
closes his eyes so she can’t gouge
them out and he does what he came
to do, avenging the hex placed
upon his family by sawing through
the dead woman’s neck with his
flensing knife.
Three days later the hunter rejoins
his tribe. He casts the ghoulish
trophy before his warchief as the
spear-dancers gather by the revel
fires, and over his mother’s severed
head he declares himself a breaker
of curses, a blooded warrior, a child
no more.

The years unspool, and he is as much
a myth as a man.
Glory has brought him this far, and
glory drives him still. He is a blood-
shedder, a life-reaver, a knight of the
True Gods who has carved a legend
in the flesh of his foes with the lance
in his hand.
He is also scarred, and aching,
and saturated with spite accrued
over centuries.
The battle rages around him,
drenching him in the din of metal on
metal, men and women screaming
to maintain their exhausted rage.
The air stinks of blood and scorched
iron and the filth that runs from
the bodies of the slain. Horns sound

above the ceaseless melee, plaintive
and wayward, inspiring men
forward or commanding retreats.
The sun beats down upon both
armies, baking the ironclad warriors
and the Ghurish w ilderness around
them as they crash and clash and
sweat and bleed and die.
The knight pays heed to none of
this. For years he fought in the press
of shield on shield, hacking with
blades until they blunted, thrusting
with spears until they broke. Those
days of fear and fury are long behind
him now.
Artauroth rears beneath him, its
warped jaws par ted in a roar both
ursine and canine as it lashes out
with nail-shod hooves. The knight
feels his companion’s war-joy, a
physical aura around the roaring
creature, but he hauls on the reins,
forcing them both clear of the chaos,
refusing to be drawn into the battle.
Even after centuries, fighting that
temptation is harder, not easier. His
tongue tingles with blood-need, his
muscles sting with unspent streng th
– the knight knows his presence in
the front lines would break hundreds
of foes, but the Three-Eyed King
demanded only one thing of him
this day. That lone commandment
cannot be achieved if the knight
loses himself to the narcotic taste
of battle-madness.
He spurs clear and rides on. Just
as the creature he sits astride is
no longer a horse, the knight is no
longer just a man. His face is forever
hidden behind a brazen helm; his
flesh is sealed beneath ancient rune-
marked plate. When he rides, his
daemonic steed’s hooves eat at the
ear th like acid.
No one has spoken his true name
in centuries. In truth, the knight
has forgotten it himself. Even his
allies greet him by title; dread
has instilled a sense of formality
within even these barbaric souls,
and when they come before him,
their tattooed mouths shape the
word ‘Varanguard’.
There... He sees his prey across
the field of battle. There! A crested
duardin, armed with axes of silver
and armoured in gold; a king of
these wretched things, if they can
even be said to have kings. The high

sun dagger-flashes off the metal
runes hammered into the duardin’s
skin. The stunted creature’s
face is
red with the effor t of cry ing out for
the aid of his ancestors.
In moments like this, the knight
becomes the hunter once more,
and cruel spurs fang their way
into Artauroth’s hide. The horse-
creature leaps forward at a dead
run, the gallop seamlessly becoming
a charge. Rider and steed plunge
through the battle-dust kicked up by
ten thousand feet, reining around
the slow infantry when they can,
slaughtering their way through
where they must.
The duardin king turns. This squat
figure of rippling muscle and plaited
beard-hair and whirling axes – he
turns and sees death riding closer.
He raises his blades to the knight.
The knight lowers his lance, aiming
the barbed tip at the doomed lord.
The moment of truth, when it
comes, lasts for several blade-
breaking, blood-gouting minutes. Yet
it ends as they all end: with a lance
driven through armour and flesh and
bone, through a champion’s hear t.
As dusk falls, the knight rejoins the
warhost. He casts the trophy to the
tainted ear th as the funeral pyres
burn, and over the severed head
of a duardin warlord, the Knight
of the Fifth Circle faces down the
warleaders of seven tribes. Their war
is won, just as the knight promised.
The enemy king is slain, just as the
knight vowed.
At dawn the next day, the horde
rides the plains, making haste to
reach Archaon’s
side and the great
gathering that awaits. But the
Varanguard does not lead them. He
abandons them, his duty done.
As he rides alone, he touches the
talisman at his mailed throat, where
a set of timeworn gryphak claws rest
against his armour. The gesture is
a habit now, a thing of repetition
through emotionless compulsion, the
way some of the unquiet dead will
haunt the places of their murder.
The nameless knight rides west,
towards the lands that lie near
the realm’s
edge. Archaon’s will
demands it, for there he will find
other beasts to butcher, other tribes
to bind, and other kings to slay.


PAGEBREAK
Warlords of the Dark Tribes

30

WARLORDS OF THE DARK TRIBES

The warlords of Chaos are bringers of ruin and devastation, each blessed many times over by the gods and
commanding hundreds or even thousands of lesser warriors. For these champions, the ultimate reward is but a
few steps away, and they w i l l allow nothing to stop them from attaining the favour of the Dark Gods.

CHAOS LORDS

Chaos Lords are the masters and
champions of the Slaves to Darkness
Hordes. Their names are whispered
in fear amongst the civilised lands,
and the carnage they wreak across
the realms has shifted the course of
history on more than one occasion.
To rise to this vaunted rank is to
stand only a step away from eternal
glory or eternal damnation. Every
Chaos Lord knows that the eyes of
the gods are upon them, and their
determination to prove their might
to the dark pantheon makes them
terrible foes to face indeed.

There is no single moment that
marks the ascension of a champion
to a Chaos Lord; rather,
they wi l l
eventually rise to rulership of their
people by virtue of their skill and
strength. Some Hordes, particularly
those made up of multiple tribes,
contain numerous exemplars
favoured enough to be considered
Chaos Lords. Each wi l l be in
constant competition with their
rivals, seeking to prove their might
and claim the position of Godsworn
Overlord – and the divine favour
that accompanies it.

In order to maintain their pre-
eminent position in the gaze of the
gods, Chaos Lords must constantly
seek to perform great deeds to
prove their might. The dark rewards
they have gained over the course
of their lives ensures that a Chaos
Lord is far stronger and swifter
than a normal man, and hard-won
experience has honed their skills to
a razor edge. There is no challenge
a Chaos Lord wi l l shirk from; they
wi l l stand in the path of a frenzied
troggoth and deal the beast such a
blow that it is knocked immediately
into unconsciousness, or duel with
daemonic champions in return for
power or knowledge – putting their
very souls on the line in return. A
Chaos Lord’s weapons are just as
dangerous as the warrior who wields
them. Many of these cursed blades

or wicked flails contain the bound
essence of daemons, and while these
beings rage at their confinement –
and wi l l take any chance to slip free
of their bounds – their destructive
power means most Chaos Lords are
willing to risk their wrath.

Champions who particularly impress
the gods may find themselves
bequeathed a daemonic mount.
These beings can take any shape
that pleases them and their master,
from iron-scaled serpents to huge
flame-snorting destriers. Such
strong-willed and vicious beasts pose
a constant threat to their master,
but this is considered just one
more challenge a Chaos Lord must
overcome to prove their worth. Still,
some Chaos Lords prefer to place
their trust in a more natural, though
just as deadly, creature known as a
Karkadrak. These reptilian brutes
were once natives of the Allpoints,
though have since spread to every
realm save Azyr. Their scales are
as hard as rock, their durability
often further bolstered by plates of
hellforged iron. In turn, armour is
little protection against the tearing
horn of a Karkadrak. When one of
these brutes goes on the rampage,
it is almost impossible to stop; only
a Lord who can halt the creature’s
deadly momentum can force the
Karkadrak to submit to them.

By far the most ferocious beast
ridden to war by the Chaos Lords,
however,
is the Manticore. These
leonine creatures are so thoroughly
suffused with the power of Chaos
that their only true point of
commonality is sheer fury. So primal
is the wrath of a Manticore that at
least one Greatfray of the Beasts
of Chaos worships them as avatars
of pure Chaos. Manticores are
fiercely territorial, and wi l l attack
anything that enters their hunting
grounds with unthinking savagery.
Most Chaos Lords who attempt
to dominate a Manticore are soon
shredded for their troubles, but a

rare few succeed in battling the
creature to a standstill and proving
themselves the apex predator.
These iron-willed overlords are
roundly feared by those under their
command, for to defy them is death
– either on the end of the Chaos
Lord’s blade, or more commonly by
being torn apart by their Manticore’s
sharpened claws.

EXALTED HEROES

Exalted Heroes are champions who
have begun to attract the notice
of the gods but not yet risen to
the vaunted rank of Chaos Lord.
While their Path to Glory may be
just beginning, only a fool would
underestimate them. A single
Exalted is equal to a score of lesser
men, and their determination to gain
godly favour sees them take on any
challenge without hesitation. More
practically, Exalted Heroes tend
to possess warbands of followers,
who seek to bask in the champion’s
reflected glory. This makes attracting
the service of Exalted Heroes crucial
to any Chaos Lord seeking to swell
the ranks of their Horde. They often
act as enforcers for the Godsworn
Overlord,
leading their warriors on
pillaging raids or using their martial
skills to anchor a battleline.

Whether they worship a single
aspect of the Ruinous Powers or
instead devote themselves to Chaos
Undivided, Exalted Heroes are
forces to be reckoned with. They
believe that only by triumphing over
the greatest foes can they achieve
the greatest renown. In the Chaos-
dominated wilds of the realms, the
most common enemies faced by an
Exalted Hero are rival champions –
duels in which the Exalted can prove
their god’s supremacy even as they
add the defeated champion’s warriors
to their warband. An Exalted
reserves the most loathing, however,
for those who seek to oppose the
gods. Such foes are hacked down in
a whirlwind of blows, their defences


PAGEBREAK
31

no match for the merciless fur y
of the Exalted. When an enemy
commander lies defeated, an Exalted
Hero wi l l use a ritual dagger to carve
out the enemy’s heart, holding the
gory trophy aloft and beseeching the
Dark Gods to grant them a reward.

DARKOATH WARLEADERS

The Darkoath are an enigma, yet
one that has already had a lasting
effect on the tribes and cultures of
the Slaves to Darkness. Even the
most far-sighted sorcerers cannot
divine precisely from where they
emerged, or which tribe was the first
to see these warriors rise to power.
All that can be said for certain is
that from their earliest appearance,
these warriors have been possessed
of a relentless focus and a lust for
conquest that exceeds that of all but
the most strong-willed Chaos Lords.
Clad in thick furs and wielding
weapons etched with runes of death
and bloodshed, the warleaders of the
Darkoath command the barbarous
tribes with a unity and strength of
purpose that makes amongst the
most dangerous foes of civilisation.

The Darkoath are named after their
practice of swearing great oaths to
the Dark Gods, recording these pacts
upon graven stone tablets. Though
it is not unusual for a champion to
offer pledges to their patron, the
regularity with which the Darkoath
make such vows and fulfil them has
become infamous. Though they often
receive blessings that amplify their
ki l ling potential, the Darkoath do
not swear themselves to any one god.
This partly explains how they are
able to attract so many boons; that
any group of warriors could resist
dedicating their souls to a single
patron for so long infuriates the
Brothers in Darkness to no end, and
– though they would never admit it –
the Chaos Gods desire these strong,
unclaimed souls so much so that
they wi l l offer the greatest of rewards
in an effort to sway the Darkoath.

Tribes with a high proportion
of barbarous Marauders are
particularly favoured by the
Darkoath, and in turn are eager to
follow these champions into battle;
as such, it is the Hordes of the

Ravagers that include the greatest
number of Darkoath. Though
they bear a similar philosophy
concerning how to attract the favour
of the gods, there is little unity
amongst the ranks of the Darkoath.
As always with the Champions of
Chaos, mastery is assured through
having the strength to impose one’s
will. The greatest Darkoath have
yoked vast numbers of tribesmen to
their cause, whipping them into a
frenzy as they drive them into battle.
That many wi l l fall is of no concern
to the Darkoath. After all, sacrifices
must always be made to ensure their
oaths to the gods are kept.

Darkoath Chieftains are skilled
warriors who rule their supplicant
tribes with an iron fist. The
Darkoath Warqueens, meanwhile,
are the leaders of entire Hordes.
The pacts sworn and fulfilled by
these supreme fighters have seen

them rewarded with plentiful dark
blessings, rendering them stronger
and swifter than any normal
human. These gifts are alloyed with
a natural charisma that allows a
Warqueen to unite many tribes
into a single unstoppable force
when the gods demand it. Perhaps
the most dangerous quirk of the
Warqueens are the strange visions
that afflict them. Ever since the Time
of Tribulations, Warqueens have
experienced vivid dreams and mind-
blasting prophecies they claim are
sent by the gods themselves. These
are not a certain guarantee of what is
to pass, but instead potential futures
that the Warqueen must bring about
to maintain divine favour. When
such a vision is received a Warqueen
wi l l muster the hundreds of warriors
at her beck and call,
leading them to
ensure that the oaths she has sworn
are fulfilled – no matter who, or
what, stands in her way.


PAGEBREAK
32

THE MANY GIFTS
OF GODBLADE

The Ravagers are conquerors all, and their vast hordes have long been the bane of the Mortal Realms. The
champions that lead their marauding armies maintain their position through dark charisma and brutal skill,
but for those who court the favour of the Chaos Gods, death is far from the grimmest of ends…

O zrakiah always feasted the
night before a fight. Bloody
porcine flesh, fruits dripping
with sour juice, tribal ale thickened
with streng thening gruel… His
admirers kept him well-fed, knowing
that each duel brought glory to
them all. He was their banner. Their
champion. He butchered the best
and most blessed from rival tribes,
and while his foes’ warbands cursed
his name, his own people hailed him
as a legend.
But single combat drained a
man in a way that war did not.
War sapped the endurance, aye,
no question, but open battle was
a storm of chaos and sound and
emotion. A duel, despite the cries of
the crowd, was strangely silent. To
go toe to toe with another warrior
took patience, focus and self-control.
Unrestrained wrath had its place
in the shieldwall, where aggression
and brute luck often overcame skill,
but for a gladiator… No, naked rage
was the recourse of desperate fools.
Most often it ended up with them
staring at the sky, throat-slit and
gut-gashed, as their blood reddened
the arena sands.
One of the first lessons Ozrakiah
had learned was how well the
carrion-hawks fed on the flesh of
the angry and the careless. He saw it
during his first days, took it to hear t,
and soon began teaching it to his
rivals, delivering the lesson onward
with the edges of his blades.
He took a deep swallow from his
ivory drinking horn, washing down
the bitterness of the ghura berries
that still stained his lips black. Vile
they might be, but they eased the
blood’s heat, preventing head pain
in prolonged sunlight. They also
thickened his spit, not enough to
heighten his thirst, but enough that
a mouthful of saliva spat onto his

palms before a duel helped keep
them dry of sweat. A good grip on
your blades was yet another key to
staying alive; Ozrakiah had seen
more than one veteran meet death
purely from being disarmed by a
cunning opponent.
Tricks like this were what set him
apar t from many of his brother-
and sister-gladiators. He had the
streng th, aye, but so many could
lay claim to bare might. Ozrakiah
coupled his streng th with a sense of
cautious cunning.
It was why he was rune-scarred
with the gods’ favour, his body
infused with their blessings, and
why all his rivals had gone to their
funeral pyres.
‘More ale!’ he called out to the
closest slave-girl. His dark eyes
followed the sway of her slim hips as
she moved to obey, and he flashed
his teeth in a conqueror’s
smile.
It was good to be a legend.

The beast moans for more. More
sw ill, more filth, more of the bones
and offal and entrails that its
masters hurl in its direction.

‘Godblade hungers!’ one of the
beast’s jailers calls out, inciting a
chorus of jeers.
The beast looks up at the laughter,
its myriad eyes glaring bloodshot
and proud from seven separate faces.
Seven fanged maws drawl a wordless
oath of righteous hate, each out of
time and tune with the others. Claws
– many, many claws – close and open
and tense and curl.
The chains binding the beast to the
stone pillar aren’t enough; several of
its masters keep their spears levelled
at the creature, especially during its
feeding hours.
In the past, the shamans told
their barbaric brethren that the
monster possesses nothing as clear as
thought. Instinct drives it in place of
intelligence, and where there should
be comprehension, there is only
emotion. It hungers, it hur ts, it kills,
it feeds. It is a thing made of desires
so crude and fierce they eclipse all
possible human savagery.
It moans from its many mouths
now, a starvation growl.
A sacrifice is brought for th, driven
forward by those same spears. The
captive protests as they always do –
insisting her crimes were nothing,
that she’s
innocent of the sins that
have already damned her. Her
captors know she’s a thief and a
murderess, and this would be her
fate even if those weren’t
the least of
her crimes. She swears she’ ll be of
use in the battle tomorrow, but that’s
the saddest jest of all: the Raven’s
Cry Clan hardly needs the dubious
alleg iance of a single lying murderer.
Their v ictory will be earned with
iron and honour, blood and glory.
Not the mewling of prisoners too
weak to get away with their cr imes.
They cast her into the pit, followed
by the sound of cheering from a
thousand throats.


PAGEBREAK
33

There’s a fight, just like there
always is; and just like always, it’s
over in moments.
The murderess falls silent.
And Godblade feeds.

The battle begins at dawn the next
day, signalled by the rising sun. The
clans’ war-horns cut the lightening
sky with their droning calls, and
thunder rings out across the land.
Not, this time, the hollow thunder
of Sigmar’s arcane storms, but a far
sweeter,
far holier sound: the tectonic
tread of a thousand tribes. A million
axe-w ielders and sword-killers,
led by their champions, charging
beneath the banners of their gods.
Godblade fights at the battle’s very
hear t. The creature is a storm of
tw isted talons that grasp and sever
and slice. It enters the city with
the first wave, scrabbling over the
ruined marble walls, shrieking at
the defenders too brave or too foolish
to run.
Around its colossal form, the
horde charges, drowning out all
other sound with their war cries. So
many of them, not a tide of sweating,
stinking humanity, but an ocean of
them, flooding through the streets of
the breached city.
Angels with wings of searing light
fall from the sky, brought down by
javelin casts and tw isted, smoky
magic. Godblade slaughters several
of the barbarians nearby in a frenzy
of need, throwing them from the
downed form of one of Sigmar’s
winged sons. The beast delimbs the
Stormcast with the same mindless
ease of a child taking apar t an
insect. It tries to devour the remains,
but ends up only with bloody,
fire-blackened maw, scorched
by lightning.
They have no blood to drink.
No meat to eat. This just drives
the creature to fresh heights of
frustrated rage.

The battle ends as the city burns.
Great icons are raised from the
bodies of the slain, chained together
to form sacred symbols. Slave-
caravans take shape at the behest of
leering barbarians.
Godblade stands in a plaza
of broken marble, aching,

starv ing, bellowing.
‘Yoke the spawn!’ the tribesmen are
cry ing, laughing, yelling. They laugh
even as their own kinsmen die in
Godblade’s claws. It’s a game now : a
savage game, where glory is earned
in being one of those who manages to
chain the beast down.
Even bound, Godblade rages. It
lashes out with claws that can’t
reach its tormentors. It tries to
chew through its chains, breaking
its teeth, only for them to regrow
each dawn. It bashes itself against
the stone pillar,
leaving smears of
something that isn’t quite blood.
Eventually, pacified by shamanic
sorcery and drugged meat, the beast
finally crawls into a fitful sleep.
It tw itches in its slumber the way
true animals do, though its captors
know this is nothing more than the
tensing of muscle answering flashes
of tainted emotion.
Chaos Spawn cannot think.
They cannot remember who they
once were.
Everyone knows this.
And so, surely, Godblade
cannot dream.

Ozrakiah dragged his forearm
across his brow, banishing the sweat
before it could drip into his eyes.
The crowd’s baying and roaring
presses at his senses, somehow tidal,
inev itable. It’s as familiar to him as
the feel of his axes in his hands, and
as welcome as the sunlight on his
bare, rune-scarred skin.
The arena was an unkind mistress
at times, generous only with the
scars she gave. But the gods? They
rewarded those that per formed for

their pleasure. Ozrakiah wasn’t
a man that believed in hiding his
god-granted gifts, and proudly he
displayed the changes wrought
upon him by the pantheon. The
crescent spikes that crested out
from his spine. The daggers of bone
protruding from his elbows. The
thickening of his flesh to something
like lizard-leather, patches of
darkened beasthide capable of
breaking careless blades.
He towered above his foes. All
of them. The sheer physicality he
was capable of left pride forever
whispering at the edge of his senses:
an undercurrent to every breath
he drew in, and to each beat of
his hear t.
Ozrakiah stepped over the body
of the last fool he downed, and
played to the watching tribespeople,
raising his blades and clashing
them together in the high sun. Blood
flecked his face as it spattered from
the crashing steel. The clansmen
roared their acclaim.
Another tribe sent a man forward,
this one snake-lean and w ielding a
half-pike. Ozrakiah scented the salty
lizard-mucus coating the spear tip,
and he saw where it glistened in the
midday heat.
Another wretch with a poisoned
blade, then. So be it.
Ozrakiah spat into the sand,
showing just what he thought of his
opponent’s chances.
‘Do you hear them? ’ he asked the
advancing tribesman. He even held
his arms to the side, aiming both
axes at the crowd, making his point
with a flourish.
‘Do you hear our
people baying for your blood? ’
The newcomer’s reply was
irrelevant. Ozrakiah paid it no
mind at all. He let the doomed man
speak his piece, then advanced with
his axes held low, as thousands of
watching warriors read the familiar
oath on his moving lips.
‘I am Ozrakiah Godblade of the
Raven’s Cry Clan, and I pledge your
death to the pantheon.’
This fool would die, and then the
next, and the next, and any that
dared follow.
What gifts, what blessings, would
the gods grant him next?
How high might he one day rise?


PAGEBREAK
Masters of Chaos Magic

34

MASTERS OF CHAOS MAGIC

In their quest for unlimited power, sorcerers bargain with daemons and perform unspeakable acts of evil.
Whether they are tribal shamans leading rituals to please their atavistic gods, or sinister Cabalists w i l ling to pay
any price for the knowledge they seek, these warlocks are amongst the most formidable Slaves to Darkness.

CHAOS SORCERER LORDS

With but a single incantation, a
Sorcerer Lord summons the dark
magics of Chaos to flense a man’s
soul or infuse his limbs with
daemonic power. Such spellcraft
comes naturally to these champions,
for they are the warlocks and
shamans of the Slaves to Darkness.
They have a natural affinity with
the wild energies of Chaos, and can
shape the power of magic as they
desire; such potential always come
with a price, however. The ease
with which a sorcerer commands
arcane energies gives them none of
the respect for this deadly tool that
is bequeathed to more traditional
mages. As they recklessly employ
dark magic to achieve their sinister
goals, they inevitably slip deeper into
madness and mutation.

Sorcerer Lords are the oracles and
seers of the Slaves to Darkness, and
as such hold a particularly vital
position amongst the dark tribes.
It is they who have the most direct
connection to the Chaos Gods, save
in the case of the almighty Daemon
Princes, and as such it is they who
can best divine how a warrior or
warband may gain glory in the eyes
of their patron. It is considered a
poor omen in many tribes to slay a
sorcerer,
though this wi l l not stop an

aspirant champion from making the
attempt should they believe that the
gods demand it. Of course, Sorcerer
Lords are more than capable of
defending themselves. Not only
are they able to hurl bolts of ki l ling
energy or twist a foe’s body into
new and unsettling form, but many
sorcerers – especially those who
have sworn themselves, knowingly
or otherwise, to Tzeentch – possess
a measure of foresight that allows
them to often presage and account
for impending betrayals. Only those
who lose the favour of the gods
discover that their oracular visions
prove lacking or even deliberately
misleading; as such, Sorcerer
Lords tend to be amongst the most
depraved Slaves to Darkness, for to
maintain their divine protection
they wi l l willing ly and joyously
commit any act, no matter how vile.

Most Hordes include several
sorcerers amongst their number.
Though they often act as viziers to
an Overlord of more martial
leaning,
a Sorcerer Lord can also claim
dominion of the Horde entire. This
is particularly true in the case of the
Cabalists, whose armies are akin to
a coven of warlocks surrounded by
superstitious pawns and favoured
enforcers, forever hunting new
sources of arcane power. It is also

the sorcerers of a Horde who lead
the rituals to please the gods. These
rites take many forms, and the
only thing that unites them is their
disregard for natural
law or common
decency. Only those who worship
the Lord of War above all others
do not partake in these rituals, for
they honour the gods primarily
through the shedding of blood, and
in the vast majority of cases have
utter contempt for sorcery. It takes
a particularly powerful Overlord to
compel these war-worshippers to
tolerate a sorcerer’s presence, and
they are not always successful. The
Doomskull Horde, once the scourge
of the underworld of Athanasia,
was violently partitioned when the
worshippers of the Crimson Grave –
a patron of violent death with many
followers throughout the Horde –
rebelled against the sorcerer coven
they believed was manipulating their
Overlord. Battle still rages across
the plains of the underworld to
this day, the magical prowess of the
Sorcerer Lords allowing them to hold
their own against many times their
number of foes.

Owing to their skill in, and
occasional reliance on, the power
of magic, sorcerers are rarely as
physically imposing as the Chaos
Lords. Some seek to redress this

THE GAUNT SUMMONERS

Nine is the number of the Gaunt Summoners, those strange daemon-sorcerers of Tzeentch that serve
the wi l l of the Everchosen. From the eldritch fortresses known as the Silver Towers,
these duplicitous
creatures plot a web of manipulation that spans entire realms. It was only through great guile that
Archaon bound the Summoners to his will, gaining knowledge of each daemon’s
true name before
working a subtle sorcery to trap them in a prison of their own doubts and horror. The Everchosen
soon put his powerful new servants to work, unleashing their sorceries on hundreds of
battlefields and harnessing their talents for misdirection to affect many more.

Gaunt Summoners often patronise Arcanites cults, or otherwise conspire with fellow
Tzeentchian daemons, for they rail at their servitude and seek always to elude Archaon’s
clutches.
When the Everchosen calls, however,
they must answer. Hovering above the battlefield on Discs of
Tzeentch, Gaunt Summoners unleash torrents of witchfire, or split the skin of reality to call forth the
daemons of the Dark Gods. The names of these beings have passed into infamy. The Watcher King, the
Tyrant of Eyes, Stilskeen: each serves Archaon in their own way, and when they fight alongside their lords
of Chaos, there are few who can stand against their magical onslaught and immortal cunning.


PAGEBREAK
35

MAGIC OF THE DARK GODS

The magic wielded by the shamans of the dark tribes involves
channelling the raw power of Chaos. This is a perilous affair,
for mortals
were never supposed to touch the essence of the gods and survive. Over
the centuries, sorcerers have deduced ways to mitigate the damaging
effects of Chaos magic without diminishing its potency ; ritual sacrifice
to appease the gods’ soul-hunger is common, particularly amongst the
Cabalist covens. Pacts with daemonic entities are also commonplace,
though many sorcerers discover in the end that their otherworldly
patron does not have their best interests in mind.

Since the dawning of the Arcanum Optimar, sorcerers have been able
to fashion lingering manifestations of magic. The pantheistic worship
of most tribes means that these spells draw upon Chaos in all its glory,
though their form can differ based on the devotion of the caster.
Eightfold Doom-Sigils burn in the skies above the greatest slaughters,
drawing the souls of the slain unto them and empowering the servants
of the gods. Realmscourge Ruptures surge forth as a manifestation of the
tortured land, impaling all in their path. Most terrible are the Darkfire
Daemonrifts, for these are gateways to the Realm of Chaos itself, cracks
in reality that split the sky and from which daemonic predators unleash
concentrated gouts of warping Chaotic essence.

balance through enslaving a
fearsome Manticore to their will.
Unlike Chaos Lords, sorcerers
employ spells of binding and
mental domination to enthral these
primal beasts and force them to
submit. More than one warlock has
discovered the peril of attempting
to force servitude on a Manticore,
especially should their magical
control slip. Yet
those who manage
to successfully bind such a creature
find themselves with a mount that
responds almost instantly to their
every whim, furiously savaging the
foe while the Sorcerer Lord is free to
work their foul magic unimpeded.

THE GODSWORN HUNT

The Black Fang are one of the
countless tribes that, over the
centuries, have pledged themselves
to the Gods of Chaos. None amongst
their number are more infamous
than the shaman Theddra Skull-
Scryer and the warband known
as the Godsworn Hunt. All these
warriors consider themselves to
be Darkoath, swearing great pacts
to the dark pantheon in return for
reward. Yet
the oath made by the
Godsworn Hunt is particularly
ambitious: they have sworn the Pact
of Soul and Iron, offering the lives
of Sigmar’s Stormcast Eternals in
sacrifice to the gods.

In order to make good this pact,
Theddra has led the Godsworn
Hunt into the depths of Shadespire
– though on occasion she is able to
escape its boundaries for a time to
fight alongside the Hordes of the
Slaves to Darkness. Skull-Scryer’s
command of magic is powerful and
instinctive, and those assailed by her
sorceries find their bodies become
withered and emaciated as all vitality
is drained from them. Such enforced
weakness makes them easy prey
for the remainder of the Godsworn
Hunt. Whether they are cut down
by the heavy blades of Grundann
Blood-Eye and Shond Head-Claimer,
spitted by Jagathra’s
javelin, stuck
with arrows by the dead-eyed Ollo,
or savaged by the slavering hound
known as Grawl, the foes of the
Godsworn Hunt soon meet grisly
ends – their lives offered in tribute to
the great gods beyond.


PAGEBREAK
36

THE WEIGHT OF SACRIFICE

Blood-mages and dark-hearted seers, the Cabalists exchange the lives of their followers for greater command of
the arcane. These fell sorcerers possess vast eldritch might, but always they must contend with the soul-hunger
of the gods – for those voracious beings demand ever higher prices from their supplicants.

W hen the tribe spoke of
Arjah, they hailed his
v ictories. They boasted of
his w isdom, his insight, his feats of
sorcery. Above all, they praised him
for the acuity of his prophecy. Who
else could read What Would Be in
the random ripples of a knife stroked
through a blood pool? Who else
could perceive the skeins of Fate by
clawing through the labyrinth of an
animal’s guts?
For generations he’d served
as God-speaker to a succession
of Warchiefs and Warqueens,
counselling them when they
beseeched him, w ielding his magic
in war when they required it, and
betraying them to their deaths when
he believed the tribe would thrive
under a new leader.
Since the realms had cracked open
and disgorged the grave-stinking
taint of the Death God’s whisperings,
that chilling stench had woven its
way into many of his conjurings.
With lip-curling irritation, Arjah
began to take a more active guiding
hand in his clan’s battles. Less often
did they shed blood over land or
mere pride; more and more often
he bid the clanlords remember that
there were other avenues to glory.
He poured promises of power into
their ears, drip by murmured drip,
telling them of ancient tombs now
broken open to the light, and the
ar tefacts that lay, untouched for
millennia, w ithin.
Blades from forgotten empires,
stained with ancient magic, soon
found their way into his warriors’
hands. Trinkets and curios
containing long-lost arcane weavings
found their way into his care, while
the weaker talismans were given as
gifts to his acoly tes.
And what of the great and terrible
spells now tearing their way across
the land? The tempests of shrieking
flame, the groundquakes that
devoured warriors with maws of

stone, the jagged mirrors that hissed
each of a man’s
sins… Arjah had
faced them himself, bloody hands
raised, his cracking voice lifted to
sing the pantheon’s praises, and he’d
turned these fragments of malignant
energy to his own desires.
They could not be bound, not
reliably, no. But they could
be unleashed.
All of these deeds only added to
the respect he was offered, of course.
He deserved nothing less. As he
grew in power, so did his tribe. No
soul had served his people as well as
Arjah himself.
He had lived now for almost three
hundred years. How close was he
to what he desired? How far from
it, yet?
Apotheosis. Ascension. Immortality.
He was close. He had to be.
This is how his tribe spoke of him to
his face; how they boasted of him to
warriors of other clans.
But when they whispered amongst
themselves away from the night-fires,
they spoke most often of his failure.
His one failure.
Arjah suspected he wouldn’t
survive another such cataclysm.
Even if he lived through the
unleashing of mag ics, which was by
no means assured, the tribe would
likely take his head in the belief the
gods had abandoned him.
And… would they be wrong to
do so?
Perhaps. Perhaps not.
On the night of his failure, the
arcane backlash had raked his flesh
with fire, stealing an eye, an ear, and
scalding his left arm into a tarnished
thing of burn scars and aching bone.
Worst of all was the mangled ruin of
his left leg, leaving him with a limp
that he’d endure until his dying day.
A day that might, if the omens
continued as they were, already be
at hand.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way.
He’d done every thing right the first

time. Hadn’t he? Had he not done
all that the gods demanded of him?
Had he not prepared every thing to
per fection, all in accordance with
the desires of the divine?
Sacrifice. That was the fulcrum
upon which the gods’ favour
balanced. Every hedge witch and
dabbler knew it, but understanding
it could be the work of a lifetime.
What mor tal mind could really
attune itself to the tw isted web of a
god’s desires? Every spell was a leap
of faith. Every ritual was hope and
belief wrapped in tangled prayer.
Too many brutes believed sacrifice
was nothing more than cutting
the hear ts from a few captives and
raising that blood-soaked harvest to
the sky. Where was the sacrifice in
such a deed? Such blood-rites were
offerings, not sacrifices, for nothing
of true value was freely given. The
sorcerer suffered no loss. How then
would the gods ever care for such
spiritually thin pledges of devotion?
Arjah had thought long and hard
over this, as his weeping wounds
cooled to scars.

Tomorrow would be a time of
testing. He could walk again, albeit
haltingly, and he was ready to
avenge his failure.
The last time, somehow the
sacrifice had been unworthy. The
skull of his father, a haunted relic
steeped in sanguine energ ies; he had
crushed it to dust for the sake of a
spell reagent. His own wife, a crone
now but still dear to him, had died
for his sake, cut open by his ritual
knife so her blood would add another
ingredient to the spellweaving.


PAGEBREAK
37

Three of his apprentices, the three
most promising of his tribe’s young
hexweavers; each one was held down
by warriors at Arjah’s
command
and beheaded with the Warqueen’s
axe. And as if this were not enough,
he’d cast aside a dozen ar tefacts
and talismans of great use to the
tribe, each one plundered at great
cost in life from the tombs of fallen
kingdoms, sacrificed for the sake of
this one arcane weaving.
And it hadn’t been enough. The
backlash had almost killed him, and
in his fevered dreams on the edge of
death, he’d heard the gods’
laughter.
If he heard that sound again, he
feared it would forever drive all
reason from his skull.
Arjah summoned his son for the
final preparations, and the young
man attended him in his animal-
hide tent, crouching before the
brazier. Arjah watched him brush
deser t dust from his boots, so as
not to dir ty the fur rugs. The boy
had manners.
His son, Nagarah, was cast in his
image: thin, hook-nosed, draped in
beast-furs and amulets of jade and
bone. He was a God-speaker like his
father. The tribe’s
last God-speaker.
The future of the clan.
Arjah could understand the
weight of that burden all too well,
for every thing he’d done across the
centuries of his life had been for the
clan. So he’d told himself, decade
after decade, and so he’d proved
through countless deeds.
‘The clan lives or dies with you,
Nagarah. I read that truth in the
bowel-ropes of a Gryph-hound, with
no sign of disease in the intestinal
meat. The soothsaying was pure,
with no chance of flaw. Hear me
when I say this. No matter what
happens to me, the clan lives or dies
with you.’
Arjah needed to say no more. The
younger man nodded, for he’d read
the same fate in his own prophecies.
‘I will carry your teachings forward.’
‘Yes. You have learned well, son.’
Arjah drew his sacrificial kris, the
bone handle worn smooth after two
centuries of use, the blade slender,
ever sharp,
jagged to promote blood
flow. He turned it in his hand,
letting the firelight play over the

polished human-ivory.
‘Why do you weep, Father? ’
‘Because there is one final
lesson,’
Arjah said softly.
‘A lesson in
meaning ful sacrifice.’

Dawn came, and the battle came
with it.
For Arjah, standing far from
the crash of blooded iron and the
thunder of splintering shields,
the fighting was naught but a
distraction. He was alone atop a
small rise, facing his rivals across the
deser t’s sweeping dunes. Five of them
opposed him; five aelven sorcerers
armed with armour of spell-shaped
metal, bearing mother-of-pearl
blades. The air shimmered around
them with impossible mirages:
vast sailing ships gone to rot and
ruin; kingdoms of coral spires that
couldn’t exist.
Arjah knew nothing of their
culture. He cared nothing, either.
The battle raged as battles do;
the sorcerers cared only for their
own effor ts.
The spells they duelled over
were Endless, each one a volatile
phantasm first vomited up by the
Death God’s torture of the Mortal
Realms, now unchained and
destructive beyond measure. Arjah
had bound several of them – perhaps
‘contained’ was a better term –
within his last remaining ar tefacts,
knowing these were temporary
cages at best. At the battle’s apex,
he shattered the brass figurines
restraining the elemental sorceries,
and an eruption of fanged light and
spectral wrath burst for th across
the deser t.
His rivals responded in kind,
just as Arjah had foreseen.
The battlefield rang with the
cacophonous displays of their own
Endless revelations. Within minutes,
both armies warred in scattered

conclaves, the battle dissolv ing
into disorder. Sorcery gouged
chasms through the deser t, sucking
the sandy ground from beneath
warriors’
feet. Men and aelves
ignited with unquenchable flame.
Blades manifested from nowhere,
whirling into dances at the behest
of distant mag icians, carv ing agony
across the bodies of those nearby.
He felt the aelven mages wresting
control of his magic away from him,
bending the brutal conjurings to
their own w ills, reshaping them as
they did so. The ghostly jaws of a
great Manticore became something
more sharklike, a maw lined with
rows of knife-teeth instead of great
crescent-fangs. Its blazing form
churned red as it tore through the
warriors of Arjah’s
clan. One by one,
spell by spell, the aelves re-wove the
unleashed magic, turning it upon the
human horde. God-banners went up
in flames as their bearers burned.
Even one-eyed, one-eared, one-
armed, the sorcerer could resist and
repel the aelves’ effor ts. The gods
were watching,
they were with him,
and he felt their attentions running
through his veins with each beat of
his hear t. With them as his w itness,
he would be stronger than ever. He
could save his clan and win the war.
Sacrifice.
Apotheosis. Ascension. Immortality.
Arjah drew his ritual knife and
added his will to that of his foes. The
spells devouring his kin surged with
renewed force, the fires searing even
fiercer, the blades peeling flesh from
bone. He could hear his tribe cry ing
for him on the rising w ind, wailing
for his aid, none of them aware that
every one of their ignorant screams
was a prayer.
Something unfolded in the meat
of his mind: a sound that wasn’t a
sound, a sensation that wasn’t a
feeling. A presence. Laughter? Was it
laughter? Had he failed again?
No. Not laughter. Something else.
The God-speaker held his kris, still
red with his son’s dried blood, and
stood alone at the battlefield’s edge,
watching his people die.
‘Is this enough? ’ he screamed into
the w ind. ‘IS THIS ENOUGH!? ’
He did not have to wait long for
an answer.


PAGEBREAK
The Lost and the Damned

38

THE LOST AND THE DAMNED

Among the Slaves to Darkness are those who feel the pull of the gods stronger than most. From the vast legions
of Chaos Warriors fighting in the armies of the Ravagers, to elite bands of Chosen ser ving the w i l l of the Daemon
Princes of the Despoilers, these dark ly blessed warriors w i l l never rest in their desire to see civilisation toppled.

CHAOS WARRIORS

When a member of the dark tribes
becomes a Chaos Warrior,
they leave
behind all comforts of hearth and
family. For them, only a lifetime of
war awaits. Such is the wi l l of the
gods, for it is through becoming a
Chaos Warrior that a mortal takes
their first true step upon the Path
to Glory. It is a decision from which
there is almost no returning, for the
dark pantheon are jealous beings,
and they have little patience for
mortal doubt or regret.

Chaos Warriors are formidable
fighters, easily a match for Sigmar’s

Stormcast Eternals. The armour they
wear is thick and strong, marked
with runes of the dark tongue
to bolster the wearer’s stamina
and ward off enemy blows. Their
weapons, typically wicked blades
or crushing maces, can rend flesh
and crush bone with a single blow ;
some tribes forge their own weapons,
whereas others rely on the services
of fallen duardin smiths to supply
their need for armaments, though
in all cases new-forged blades of
the Slaves to Darkness are typically
cooled in fresh lifeblood. Yet
for all
these deadly tools of war,
it is the
Chaos Warriors themselves that are

the most fearsome proposition for
their enemies. The quest for glory
has seen them test their skills in
countless conflicts, their physiques
strengthened by the gifts of their
gods and their battle instincts honed
to a terrifying edge.

Beneath ragged banners depicting
the sigils of the dark pantheon,
warbands of Chaos Warriors form
the armoured fist of many Hordes.
Though typically outnumbered
by the barbarous Marauders, the
sheer expanse of the realms ensures
that there is almost always a steady
supply of these ironclad warriors
willing to swear their allegiance to
a powerful champion or Overlord.
Some warbands, or even Hordes, are
comprised almost entirely of Chaos
Warriors, particularly those who
seek closer communion with the
Ruinous Powers and are on their way
to becoming one of the Godtouched.
Typically, Chaos Warriors make
common cause with those who
worship the same, or at least similar,
interpretations of one or all of the
Ruinous Powers. On occasion an
entire tribe may declare themselves
upon the Path to Glory and become
Chaos Warriors at the same time,
though this is rare;
in most cases
warbands of Chaos Warriors wi l l not
necessarily hail from the same tribe
as a Horde’s Godsworn Overlord.
However they assemble, Chaos
Warriors fight as a grinding legion
of steel and fury, using their skill at
arms and formidable numbers to
crush all beneath them.

Leading each warband of Chaos
Warriors wi l l be an Aspiring
Champion. Though they have not
yet caught the gaze of the gods
proper,
this warrior has proven
themselves sufficiently worthy to
claim the honour of leading their
kin to war. An Aspiring Champion
must be forever war y of rivals from
within their own warband, for few
of the gods worshipped by the Slaves
to Darkness see any issue with


PAGEBREAK
39

treachery. Should they successfully
maintain their position however, an
Aspiring Champion wi l l no doubt
begin to accrue their own personal
saga of fell deeds, and in time wi l l
rise to higher ranks of champion –
perhaps one day even becoming a
Godsworn Overlord themselves.

CHOSEN

Should a Chaos Warrior please the
gods and survive the constant battles
they must fight, they may eventually
become one of the Chosen. They are
held in awe by their fellow Slaves
to Darkness. Whether through
attracting daemons to grant them
favour, completing great quests in
the name of their patron, or simply
wreaking unimaginable carnage
across the Mortal Realms, each
Chosen stands as an exemplar
amongst the armies of Chaos.
Wielding cursed Soul-splitter blades,
heavy two-handed axes with the
power to sever a foe’s animus from
their body, they stride at the head of
the armies of darkness, eager to lay
waste to the enemies of the gods.

Chosen warbands are amongst the
most deadly elements of a Horde,
and are often limited in number
– though many Despoiler Hordes
contain considerable numbers of
these exalted warriors, the better to
serve the ruling Daemon Prince’s
will. Typically,
they take to the field
wherever the fighting is thickest.
This is not purely to leverage their
own formidable skills, though
certainly there are few beings in all
the realms that can stand before
these elite warriors and hope to
survive, let alone triumph. Other
Slaves to Darkness are intensely
inspired by the sheer, ruinous
violence dealt out by these favoured
warbands. As the Chosen slaughter
the foe, those servants of Chaos
around them fight all the harder,
each seeking to draw similar godly
attention onto themselves. Under the
leadership of the Exalted Champions
– warriors who are only a step away
from having several warbands
under their command – the Chosen
fearlessly enter battle against any
foe, axes swinging in great crimson
arcs as they howl praise to the
watching gods.

CHAOS KNIGHTS

To become a Chaos Knight, a Slave to
Darkness must typically have walked
the ruinous path for many years.
Their armour – whether forged from
Chamonite steel, corrupted ironoak,
or stranger materials besides – has
twisted to become jagged and brutal,
and from the visors of their helmets
glows an eerie light that burns with
dark power. Mutations wrack their
bodies, and the ensorcelled weapons
they take to battle are a match
for any Sigmarite blade. Even the
steeds they ride are not free from
the touch of the Ruinous Powers;
these dark chargers are hulking
muscular beasts whose breath is
like cinder, and who are every bit as
fierce as their riders. To tame such a
beast requires a warrior of singular
strength and focus, but on rare
occasions entire knightly orders wi l l
slip into the grasp of Chaos, their
faithful mounts being remade just as
the warriors themselves are.

Chaos Knights are amongst the
most feared Slaves to Darkness.
Though some consider themselves
noble or chivalric in their own,
infernal fashion, in truth they are
butchers and madmen consumed
by their endless quest for glory.
So proud are they that they shall
dip their banner for none save the
Godsworn Overlord of their Horde,
or otherwise the Everchosen himself.
When they hit the enemy line it is
as if the gods themselves have given
their murderous fur y physical,
iron-hard form. Just as deadly
as the skill of the Chaos Knights
is the terrifying reputation their
slaughters have garnered. Few foes
have not heard tell of some atrocity
perpetuated by warbands of these
black-hearted killers, and as the
Chaos Knights close – lances levelled
and foul war cries on their lips –
many consider it better to take their
chances by fleeing rather than tr ying
to withstand the charge of these
merciless champions.

CHARIOTEERS OF CHAOS

Many Slaves to Darkness tribes
dwell upon the plains of the Mortal
Realms, where the acts of barbarism
and savagery needed to survive
made it easy for the Gods of Chaos

to pervert their ancestral customs
and beliefs. This reality ensures
that chariots have always been a
common sight amongst the Hordes.
These mobile fighting platforms are
well suited for warfare upon the
open vistas of the realms, allowing
a warrior to cross great distances
at speed without growing tired – as
well as using the mass of the chariot
itself as a brutally effective weapon.

Most Chaos Chariots are pulled
by a pair of muscular steeds. As
the beasts snort and whinny,
fur y
pounding through their minds,
they charge forth under the lash
of their driver to close with the
enemy. Some armies use chariots
as steady platforms from which to
fire projectiles, but such cowardice
has no place amongst the Slaves to
Darkness. Instead, Chaos Chariots
wi l l smash straight into – and often
through – the enemy lines, crushing
the foe beneath their grinding
wheels as the charioteers set about
them with long-hafted axes and
flails. Often several chariots wi l l
operate in concert to punch a hole
through the enemy’s defences,
led by
a skilled Exalted Charioteer who has
fought for many years from the back
of his trusty war machine. The solid
construction of a Chaos Chariot’s
frame renders it highly resilient,
easily able to withstand the blows of
the enemy as it wheels around for
another pass.

On occasion, a tribe may capture
a brutish creature known as a
Gorebeast to pull one of their
chariots. Little is known of these
scaly monstrosities, save that they
can be found across the realms
wherever the touch of Chaos lingers,
and that they possess a monstrous
strength. Binding a Gorebeast is
no easy feat, and only the most
physically imposing charioteers
can hope to force such a monster to
submit. The natural
inclination for
destruction these creatures possess
does, however, make them highly
effective weapons; once hitched to a
chariot a Gorebeast wi l l
likely charge
the first enemy that it sees, its sheer
bulk and heavy fists wreaking untold
havoc as the charioteer themselves
simply tries to keep pace with the
creature’s
spiralling kill-count.


PAGEBREAK
Warriors of the Blasted Wastes

40

WARRIORS OF THE BLASTED WASTES

The warriors of the dark tribes are known as Marauders. Though they have yet to catch the notice of the gods,
these barbarians are deadly fighters, hardened by life under the grip of Chaos. Marching alongside strange shrines
and the savage beasts of the wastes, these ferocious fighters honour their gods with every life they take.

MARAUDERS

From lands suffused with the
corrupting touch of Chaos come
the Marauder tribes. Numbering in
the hundreds of thousands, these
barbarous Chaos worshippers fight
in the name of the Ruinous Powers
and for the simple joy of battle alike.
Though they are mere mortals,
and individually no match for the
monsters and demigods that walk
the realms, when they fight in great
numbers and harness the dark
blessings of the Chaos Gods, they
are more than capable of sweeping
away all before them in a frenzy
of battle-lust.

While Marauders have not yet
made the ultimate surrender to
the gods that sees them reborn
in the form of a Chaos Warrior, a
life of constant battle amidst the
Dominion of Chaos still renders
them naturally talented fighters;
they must be, for those too weak
to defend themselves soon become
prey. Their tribal communities may
be considered primitive by those
sneering Azyrites who dwell far
from the Marauders’ blades, but they
are strong and robust, well suited
for life amidst the hard wilds of the
realms. These tribes can var y wildly
in size, from a handful of Marauders

under a charismatic chieftain to
vast throngs of barbarians united
by a particular shaman or, with
increasing regularity, a warleader
of the Darkoath. It is unusual –
though far from unheard of – for
a Marauder tribe to dedicate all its
worship towards a single god. Their
tribal customs often push them
into venerating several deities, and
they wi l l pray to different aspects of
Chaos as and when they see fit. In
larger tribes, those who do gravitate
towards a certain patron wi l l form
like-minded warbands, often taking
to battle under a similarly devoted
champion. These Marauders tend
to be considered outsiders amongst
most tribes, though in the case of the
Godtouched such furious zealots are
the norm.

Marauders need little
encouragement to join the Horde
of a Godsworn Overlord; should
the tribe’s oracles claim it to be the
gods’ will, warband after warband
wi l l march forth to spread death
and carnage. Often, these battles
wi l l be fought against rival followers
of Chaos, hordes and warbands
clashing to prove the superiority of
their gods and their Overlord. Defeat
in such a battle does not necessarily
mean death for a Marauder, however.
Those who fight with courage and
skill wi l l be absorbed into the ranks
of the triumphant Horde, either
forming new warbands of their
fellow survivors or joining battle-
proven groups of Marauders who
match their temperament.

When the Slaves to Darkness wage
war against the civilised lands, it is
Marauders who make up much of a
Horde’s
strength – especially in the
vast legions of the Ravagers. Though
many of them may fall to the spells
and firepower of their more civilised
enemies, those who suffer the bite
of the barbarians’ axes soon learn to
fear them, and should a Marauder
excel under the gaze of the gods, the
Path to Glory may await them yet.


PAGEBREAK
41

MARAUDER HORSEMEN

Marauder Horsemen pride
themselves on being the first
warriors of the Horde to sink their
blades into the flesh of the enemy.
Many Slaves to Darkness tribes have
an affinity with equine creatures,
for the hardy beasts are perfect for
crossing vast wildernesses at speed
or running down fleeing prey.
Ownership of such a beast is often
considered a mark of status and
favour, and some warbands – or
in rarer cases whole tribes – take
this horse-mastery to new levels,
becoming amongst the most feared
light cavalr y in the realms. Mounted
upon their trusty steeds, beasts bred
more for speed and endurance than
the raw strength of a Chaos Knight’s
mount, they thunder across the
battlefield, kicking up great clouds
of dust behind them to herald their
coming before joyously plunging
into the thick of melee.

Marauder Horsemen are some of the
few Slaves to Darkness who bring
missile weaponry to battle,
in the
form of stout javelins. Every wise
Champion knows the advantages to
having a force of predatory outriders
who can engage the foe from a
distance and provide time for the
rest of the Horde to advance, as well
as ride down those who impotently
attempt to flee. Horsemen warbands
tend to worship the Chaos Powers as
bloodthirsty hunter-lords, winged
seraphim of inevitable death, and
preening deities of the perfect
ki l l. The rituals to please these
beings commonly revolve around
celebrating the moment death is
delivered, and often a Horseman’s
steed joins the rite by trampling a
captive under iron-shod hooves.
Though Marauder Horsemen are
masters of the feigned flight and hit-
and-run attack, their devotion to the
gods cannot be denied. When battle
is joined they wi l l charge into the
fray as eagerly as any of their fellow
warbands, howling praises and oaths
as they ride down non-believers.

WARSHRINES

Carried into battle by mutant
abominations captured from across
the twisted landscapes of the realms
– or, on occasion, created from

members of a tribe who displeased
the local shaman – Warshrines
are physical testaments to the
power of the Chaos Gods. Dark
flames flicker in braziers mounted
across the shrine’s platform, while
daemonic faces wrought in bronze
or stranger materials leer across its
flanks. Above the blood-slicked altar
itself is mounted a grand sigil of
the eight-pointed star. It is through
this portal that the energies of the
Realm of Chaos are channelled by
the Warshrine’s
keeper. Whether it
is ordained with the symbol of one
of the Ruinous Powers – common
in Godtouched warbands – or left
as an icon of unaligned Chaos in all
its majesty, warriors of the Slaves to
Darkness rally to a Warshrine as a
symbol of their god’s supremacy.

As the Shrinemaster leads all
manner of dark rituals, the baroque
construction of the Warshrine acts
as a lodestone for the raw energies of
Chaos. The runes surrounding the
great sigil glow with an unearthly
light, offering a measure of divine
protection to those of the devoted
who cluster in its presence. When
the Shrinemaster utters the blackest
of invocations, however,
the true
might of the gods is made manifest.
Even those who do not favour the
patron to which the Warshrine is
dedicated are likely to receive a
portion of the divine power flowing
from it; those who do venerate
the Shrinekeeper’s deity above
all become orders of magnitude
more deadly still, their dedication
rewarded by their chosen god.

Furies are not aligned with any
of the Dark Gods – rather,
they
are embodiments of the raw stuff
of Chaos, sentient shards of pure
malice that follow the armies of the
Slaves to Darkness out of a base urge
to maim and ki l l. As such, Furies
are particularly self-serving even by
the standards of daemons, forever
seeking ways to improve their lot
and cast down their rivals. They can
be cajoled, bound or bargained with
by a Champion of Chaos to join their
warbands in battle, where the Furies’
propensity for attacking swiftly
and preying upon the weak makes
them the terror of isolated enemies.
Should a flock of Furies think that
the fight is going against them, they
are swift to pull out of harm’s way
– though wi l l always return when
the enemy’s back is turned, hungry
for vengeance.

RAPTORYX

Raptoryx are ferocious avian
creatures that swarm across the
Eightpoints in search of prey. Each
has many eyes, a broad, hooked
beak and a viciously spiked tail,
though as with all things touched
by the gods there is only scant
commonality between them. They
were once natural forms of wildlife,
but over the centuries the taint of
Chaos has seen them twisted into
a menacing new form. Some have
passed through the great gates of
the Eightpoints to spread across
the Mortal Realms beyond, and
the number of lands that have not
echoed to the shrieks of a Raptoryx
flock grows smaller every day.

FURIES

Furies are spiteful daemons who
swarm throughout the Chaos-
tainted lands of the realms in great
number. Though they are minor
daemonic entities compared to
the creatures in the legions of the
Dark Gods within the Realm of
Chaos, their predatory instincts
and natural cunning makes them
vicious predators. Those who have
journeyed into the domains of Chaos
– particularly the warbands who
fight in the lands of the Eightpoints
– have learned to dread the chorus of
beating,
leathery wings that heralds
the arrival of a Fury pack.

Raptoryx can never be truly
tamed; their primitive minds are
too consumed with bestial fur y to
accept any kind of captivity. They
can, however, be directed against
a particular enemy by skilled
beastmasters. Raptoryx possess a low
cunning, and in sufficient numbers
can savage prey many times their
size. Those who underestimate
the creatures soon learn their
mistake, for the beasts’ razor-sharp
beaks are capable of bisecting a
man with a single snapping bite,
and they must be almost entirely
hacked apart before succumbing to
death’s
embrace.


PAGEBREAK
The Daemonic and the Monstrous

42

THE DAEMONIC AND THE MONSTROUS

Stranger beings than mere mortals march in the armies of the Dark Gods. Lumbering alongside them are all
manner of foul and terrifying beasts, twisted through the power of Chaos. Greatest of these are the Daemon
Princes, those champions who have reached the apex of the Path to Glory, and been reborn as avatars of ruin.

BE’LAKOR

Be’ lakor,
the First Prince of
Chaos, is an aberration. Alone
amongst the Daemon Princes he
ascended through the favour of all
the dark pantheon. This level of
relative autonomy makes Be’ lakor
particularly terrifying. His schemes
straddle realms and span centuries,
and though he has been observed
fighting alongside the forces of
all the Chaos Gods, his true goals
remain unknown.

Many legends exist concerning
Be’ lakor’s origins. Some believe that
he was the first mortal to achieve
apotheosis, but that as the gods
raised up more of their servants
to daemonhood, their first-born
grew resentful – desiring to one
day supplant the Dark Powers
themselves. Another legend claims
that Be’ lakor sought to become
the most favoured of champions.
The gods were amused by his
ambitions and cursed him to instead
crown the Everchosen, sparking a
mutual antipathy with Archaon.
Across Ulgu can be found ancient
pictograms depicting a being
resembling Be’ lakor,
fuelling belief
that he may once have been the ruler
of the Grey Realm before the coming
of Malerion, and that in his desire
to maintain his throne against the
aelven god he turned to the Dark
Powers. Whatever the truth, Be’ lakor
remains a being of shadow and
terror. His manipulations are subtle
and far-ranging; when Be’ lakor takes
to battle his enemies find themselves
playing perfectly into his hands,
their horror at such sudden reversals
fuelling the ancient daemon’s hunger
as he carves them apart.

DAEMON PRINCES

Few champions prove themselves
worthy enough to ascend to
daemonhood. It is not enough to be
merely a talented warrior ; as they
walk the Path to Glory, a champion
must perform countless heinous acts

that especially resonate with and
empower their patron. Rarely are
these deeds simple to accomplish,
and so those who realise their
ambitions and are reborn as Daemon
Princes are amongst the deadliest
beings in the realms.

While greater daemons may treat
Daemon Princes with contempt
– considering them tainted by
their mortal origins – the Slaves
to Darkness venerate these beings
as proof of the reward for their
devotion. Any who witness a
Daemon Prince in battle can
understand why a man might
pledge themselves to the Dark Gods,

for the sheer physical might of a
Daemon Prince matched with the
hellish powers they can call upon
can swiftly overwhelm even the
greatest foes.

Though Daemon Princes are born
of the Chaos Gods, and as such
know much of their true nature,
these beings rarely see any reason
to dissuade tribes of the Slaves to
Darkness from their existing beliefs
– especially since the idolatrous
nature of such worship often
results in the Daemon Prince being
heralded as a god that walks. Almost
all Daemon Princes are incredibly
proud, a side effect of having


PAGEBREAK
43

achieved their greatest ambition,
and as such they often surround
themselves with the most powerful
warriors they can find; Chosen and
a menagerie of warped monsters fill
their hosts, forming a loathsome
court over which the Daemon Prince
reigns as an infernal monarch.

SOUL GRINDERS

When a daemon is banished, they
may only return to the Mortal
Realms after a given period of time,
or until certain preconditions are
met. For those whose desire for
vengeance burns hottest, there is
another way. These daemons make
a pilgrimage to the Forge of Souls –
the armoury of daemonkind, within
the Realm of Chaos. Presenting
themselves before the masters of the
Forge, they speak the Oath of the
Iron Pact, swearing themselves to
their service in return for the chance
to return to the physical plane. Those
that do so are remade into a dreaded
Soul Grinder. Their form swells with
aetheric energy, while their lower
bodies are replaced with clanking
pistons and great mechanical
legs. A
Soul Grinder’s arms end in hellish
cannons or crushing machine-
claws, and from their mouths they
can project all manner of foul
substances. A Soul Grinder scuttles
across a battlefield with terrifying
swiftness,
its cannons raking the
enemy while its augmented strength
sees it crush even the Steam Tanks of
the Ironweld Arsenal with ease.

‘All the souls you will reap.

All of your spoils of war.

To be a keeper of

the Forge.

But a trifle price for the boon that

is

bestowed upon you.’

- A por tion of

the Iron Pact

Yet as with all things born of Chaos,
there is a price for this dark rebirth.
The masters of the Soul Forge forever
desire more raw materials, and so
the soul-price they demand of a
Soul Grinder is constantly rising.
Should one of these daemonic war
engines be destroyed, they wi l l be
offered another reincarnation at

a steeper price. So do many Soul
Grinders bind themselves eternally
to the Soul Forge, forever chasing
release from a servitude that they
themselves created.

SLAUGHTERBRUTES

There is no room in a
Slaughterbrute’s mind for anything
save thoughts of its next violent
outburst. Each of its many limbs
ends in razor-sharp claws that can
slice through stone or armour with
ease, and its monstrous jaws are
wide enough to swallow an ogor
whole. When raised to the heights
of battle-fury a Slaughterbrute is
an almost unstoppable force of
destruction, its physical brawn and
boundless rage spelling the doom for
any unfortunate enough to catch the
beast’s attention.

Slaughterbrutes cannot be controlled
through conventional means, but
instead must be dominated with
enchanted blades of binding. This is
no easy feat, for the blade must be
driven into a Slaughterbrute’s
spine
to take effect, and such requires
getting close to the beast in the first
place. Those who succeed find that
the creature inherits a measure of
their new master’s skill, rendering it
even more lethal. There is, however,
a downside: should the champion be
slain, or stray too far away from their
charge, then the beast wi l l
launch
into an unstoppable rampage that
ends only in death or through being
bound once more. Those around a
frenzied Slaughterbrute must hope
that it chooses to vent its wrath
upon the foe, before its bloodthirsty
attention falls upon them.

MUTALITH VORTEX
BEASTS

The origins of the first Mutalith
Vortex Beasts are impossible to
guess at, for whatever they once
were, they are now little more than
embodiments of Chaos in all its
insanity. Since their emergence
during the Age of Chaos, many
Vortex Beasts can be found dwelling
towards the Perimeter Inimical of
each realm where the power of magic
waxes stronger. Some sorcerers
have even deduced how to create

Vortex Beasts through great spells of
flesh-shaping, a process that is truly
horrific for those caught up in it.

A Vortex Beast’s hide constantly
ripples with mutating energies,
and from its gaping maw tentacles
– formed of the creature’s
innards –
lash out to batter any who get in its
way. The true threat a Vortex Beast
poses to its foes, however,
lies in its
connection to the Realm of Chaos.
Swirling above a Mutalith’s back is
a yawning portal to the domain of
the Ruinous Powers, through which
the beast can harness the raw stuff of
Chaos. The results are unpredictable,
but always devastating: enemies may
find their limbs twisting backwards,
their bones warping into writhing
serpents, or their bodies turning
inside out. If the Mutalith is aware
of these effects it gives no sign,
but to the Slaves to Darkness the
Vortex Beasts are proof that there
is no natural
law that Chaos cannot
subvert to suit its needs.

CHAOS SPAWN

Chaos Spawn are all that remains
of those champions who attempted
to walk the Path to Glory, yet could
not bear the strain of the gods’
many ‘gifts’. Their muscles flow and
swell, bones cracking and reshaping
as additional
limbs or staring eyes
break out across their lumpen
forms. Last to go is the champion’s
mind, persisting just long enough
to recognise the monstrosity they
have become. The best that can be
hoped for these horrific creatures is
that they are herded into battle and
given the opportunity to end their
tortured existence in death.

Some tribes, particularly those
associated with the gods of fate, treat
Spawn with something approaching
a measure of respect, for they see
such a ghoulish transformation
as the ultimate expression of their
deities’ will. The Spawn would
likely disagree, if it retained the
ability to consider such notions; on
occasion, however, a measure of the
champion’s
former sentience may
briefly return, the horror of their
predicament driving them to greater
madness as they lash out with toxic
claws and lashing tentacles.


PAGEBREAK
44

ECHOES OF ETERNITY

Daemon Princes are immortal champions of the Dark Gods who have sold their souls in return for power and
an eternity of war. Yet each was once a mortal who reached the apex of the Path to Glory – and each is defined
by the fell deeds of their former lives…

‘N o.’ Tyrezha hisses the word.
It leaves her bloodied lips as
a whispered prayer, not the
curse she’d hoped to spit into the night
air. Around her, the forest burns,
once a grove of resplendent life, now a
raging monument to her defeat.
She stares up at her killer,
looking
into eyes she knows, set into a face
she doesn’t.
She can’t speak after that one
whisper, not even to deny again
what she’s seeing. The revelation has
ruined her, thieving away the last of
her streng th.
Her killer looks down on her with
eyes that gleam with malignant
gratitude. Thanking her for this
death. Grateful that she lies here now,
her blood soaking into the soil, her
body spine-snapped and twisted by
the blade running through her.
Tyrezha has seen that gaze
in crumbled fever-dreams, in
visions too fragmented to be called
memories. Those eyes she once
knew, now set within a face of gaunt,
blood-dappled horror.
The forest still burns. The flames of
Tyrezha’s
failure dance and writhe,
reflected within the monster’s stare.
The dying warrior reaches for her
helmet. Shaking fingers drag it free.
Blood runs from her mouth with the
effort, drawn up from her sundered
guts. She manages it, though; she
bares her face, her pale skin amber in
the firelight.
Surrounded by the inferno, killer
and killed look upon one another and
see the truth.
‘Tyrezha,’
the daemon breathes.
‘Leisa,’
the dying warrior
whispers back.

Malukhara has seen kingdoms rise
and fall over the eternity that her god
has granted her. If one believes the
golden, hairless caste of poet-things
that slink in her shadow, she has
bathed in the tears of her foes and
swallowed the bones of their children

whole. They recite sagas where she
tore down the walls of shining cities
and supped blood from the skulls
of kings.
Her name is a curse in a hundred
cultures and a prayer in a hundred
more. In the city-state of Dargolesh,
she is worshipped as the Lady of
Shattered Mirrors. The nomadic
clans of the Ocean of Dust – those
last echoing bloodlines of the grand
Besharaan Confederacy – name her
in their creation myths as the Ashen
Goddess. To the war-tribes of the
Uruchii Reaches, many of whom raise
their banners in her hordes now, she
is The-Cry-that-Carves-the-Night.
And how much of this is true?
She is above such concerns. Sifting
the truth from the poetic lies is
something she leaves to lesser beings.
Among her own kind, when they
form words with their physical
forms instead of radiating meaning
through emotion and posture and
expression, she is Malukhara. That
is the name inscribed upon the
scrolls carried by her war-priests
and artist-worshippers.
Whole empires have lived and died
beneath her gaze, raised high by
misplaced valour only to be brought
low by reaving fire and sacred blades.
She watched those kingdoms tumble
into the tides of history with the
same curdled, sluggish joy she feels
watching this grove burn.
An anaemic joy. A hollow
delight. Because it’s never enough,
never enough.
Every victory is tinged with
enough bitterness to sour the taste of
anything sweet. Every conquest comes
at a cost. Every triumph over the
bones of a kingdom brings new curses
with the gifted blessings. A city razed
is a loss of the souls that should’ve
sung her glories to the stars. A
champion slaughtered is a hero never
to take up arms and kill in her cause.
An empress brought into Malukhara’s
court is a soul she will regret not

tasting when it was at its ripest.
For every glory… Regret. Never
enough. Never enough.
And somewhere, deep in the back
of what passes for a mind that has
been inhuman for millennia, in the
seething melange of her thoughts,
she craves…
…next time, next time there will be
true joy.
All of this? This is what Malukhara
knows. This is what she’s seen. This is
what she feels, when she lets herself
feel at all.
But Leisa has seen none of this, felt
none of this, because Leisa is dead.
As dead as the empire that
birthed her.

‘This cannot be.’
Malukhara’s voice is, like the
daemon herself, a fusion of feline
grace and canine savagery. Even as
she says the words, she knows they’re
a lie. She speaks them for the theatre
of it, because revelation requires
reaction. It is the way of things.
Truly, she doesn’t know whether to
weep with joy or shriek in rage. She
has cracked skies with her fury before.
Her sorrow has been the genesis of
rivers. Or… are those memories just
shards of her saga-slaves’ doggerel
melting into her fractured mind?
She doesn’t know. For now, she
doesn’t care.
What she sees before, it cannot be.
And yet, it is.
Of all the souls that the Storm God
might steal. Of all the numberless
shades that Sigmar could gather and
hammer back into half-life.
‘Tyrezha.’ She makes the name a
purr, a snarl, a growl, a caress.
But the impaled daughter of the
Storm God has no words for her.
Tyrezha’s breathing comes in ragged
heaves, each gasp something stolen.
Malukhara admires her, in a way.
How the warrior refuses to die, as if
it were truly a choice she could make;
how Tyrezha defies death by clinging


PAGEBREAK
45

to the last moments of her ruined life.
And why?
Because the Storm God makes his
sons and daughters so very strong.
Malukhara smiles at the thought.
The expression is barely more than
a curl of the lush scar tissue that
remains of her lips, but it’s enough
to part the ivory graveyard of her
teeth. Saliva, corrosive and stinking
of seawater, strings down from the
malformation of her maw.
Pockmarks of that drool sizzle on
Tyrezha’s breastplate. The metal
hisses. Black smoke curls up from
where the daemon’s
saliva pitter-
patters onto the broken bronze of the
warrior’s armour.
Even now, Malukhara doesn’t feel
true, unbroken joy. Not even with her
sword driven through her enemy’s
ruined form and deep into the earth
beneath. Not even as the iron of her
blade, forged in a realm of unreality,
drinks the blood beating from her
foe’s sundered heart.
It isn’t pure joy, but for the first
time in aeons, it’s close, so close. Her
tears drip along with her saliva, a vile
rainfall to baptise her fallen foe.
She speaks four words. Three are a
command, growled softly amidst the
burning trees, and the last is a name
sweetly purred.
‘Sing for me, Tyrezha.’
The dying daughter of the Storm
God answers by gripping the blade
with her bloodied gauntlets, leaving
red smears on the monstrous metal as
she tries one last time to draw it out
of her guts.
‘Sing,’
the daemoness drawls,
grinning now.
She twists the blade in Tyrezha’s
impaled form. Shattered sigmarite
plate squeals as she writhes, but she
refuses to cry out. And, of course,
Malukhara admires her for that, too.
But it won’t change her fate.
The daemon’s vast wings open
with the wet crackle of cramped
sinews, then ripple like great sails of
stinking canvas. Their motions fan
the inferno’s heat down at the dying
warrior, along with a musky reek,
something both sweet and foul, with
an edge of animal filth. Malukhara
can smell her own scent. Her
own per fume.
She leans on the blade one last

time, driving it through the belly of
the dying warrior, deeper into the
earth below.
‘Sing for me, the way you used to.’
The daemon is laughing, weeping;
a daemonic blend of both which in
truth resembles neither.
‘With your last breath… Sing for
me, sister.’

Tyrezha’s fingers slip down the blade,
scraping as they weaken, then falling
away. She looks up now because
she’s too bloodless to look aside. Her
sister’s eyes shine with saltwater
tears, and the monster’s mouth forms
drooling stalactites of ropey acid.
Leisa, she thinks – and in the same
moment, indivisible: Malukhara.
The ground beneath the daemon’s
undulating form blackens with the
creature’s
touch, the earth crumbling
to ash, disgorging the shells of
desiccated insects leeched of life. The
trees still burn with witchfire, the heat
brutal enough to scorch sigmarite,
but already they’re falling, collapsing
beneath the weight of a far bleaker
corruption. Malukhara’s armies
scarcely even need to ravage the land;
their demon-queen’s presence is
enough to corrode reality.
Sing for me, sister.
Once, she’d done just that. In
another age. In another life. The
younger sister singing for the elder ; a
princess singing for a queen. Another
joy in a kingdom where sunlight
beamed upon white towers.
Then came the shadows. Then came
the Queenswar. Then—
Stormclouds roll, grey with haste,
black with fury. They darken the land
and bathe it in rain, too late, too late
to do anything but hiss on the dying
trees and pool on Tyrezha’s open eyes.
Leisa… Malukhara…
Then there is darkness.
And then there is Light.

Malukhara rips her blade free of
the body. The corpse jerks with the
movement, spilling rainwater down
its cheeks, and the daemoness bares
her teeth at the wretched symbolism.
If any of her saga-thralls had
witnessed it, surely they’d weave it
into another preaching harmony of
omens and portents.
She withdraws from the body,

felinely cleaning her weapon with
long rakes of her tongue, tasting
Tyrezha’s blood on her blade,
swallowing splinters of a life that
ended an epoch ago.
Leisa. A city of spires. A
chanting populace.
Tyrezha. A smiling child. A
singing sister.
A war for a throne. A knife in
the night. A deed that couldn’t
be undone.
Thunder calls out from above,
warning the world below. The
daemoness stops licking. She lowers
the sword. She knows what’s coming.
After a battle, there’s always carrion
to be claimed.
The Storm God’s rage echoes across
the realm – a chorus of lightning and
thunder ; that elemental theme of
the falsest god – and where Sigmar’s
dead sons and slain daughters lay
moments before, now there is nothing
but charred earth.
Just as the Lord of Joy once exalted
her, now the Storm God has drawn
her sister’s soul into his heavenly
foundry, back for another tawdry
attempt at forging life. For how long
had Tyrezha been one of Sigmar’s
sacred slaves? Had the sisters already
met without knowing, in the years
since the Storm God threw open the
Gates of Azyr?
No.
She senses – she knows – the answer
is No.
Tonight was the second time
Tyrezha died in her sister’s shadow.
The first was in an age before they
counted the Ages, when sister slew
sister for the right to rule a kingdom
now remembered by no living soul.
And the second…
Malukhara finds herself weeping
once again. Close, so close, to the
memory of rapture. She will treasure
this reunion forever.
Now she prays to a god that isn’t her
own. She prays with every imagined
beat of her spiteful heart, beseeching
the distant God-King in his heavenly
city to reforge Tyrezha again. And
again. And again.
Even the memory of rapture, even
the echo of ecstasy,
is a pleasure to
be pursued.
And no blood has ever tasted
sweeter than her sister’s.


PAGEBREAK
Denizens of the Eightpoints

46

DENIZENS OF THE EIGHTPOINTS

The damned lands of the Eightpoints ring constantly to the clamour of war. Under the shadow of the Varanspire
warbands battle for dominance, seeking triumph over each other and deadly monsters alike. Yet more terrible is
when these warriors unite to assail the civilised lands, for their hard-won ski l l makes them fearsome adversaries.

WARBANDS OF THE
EIGHTPOINTS

Across the centuries, members of
many different Chaos-worshipping
cultures have made an unholy
pilgrimage to the Eightpoints to
fight for the chance to join Archaon’s
conquering hosts. These warbands
are as varied as the realms they
originate from; the Splintered Fang
are jungle-dwelling masters of
poison, while the Unmade of Shyish
practise gruesome self-mutilation
to render themselves into more
perfect vessels of torment. As with
most Slaves to Darkness, these
cultures’
interpretations of Chaos

are similarly divergent. While the
Cypher Lords worship it as a protean
essence of trickery and madness, the
Untamed Beasts pay homage to a
brutal deity known as the Devourer
of Existence. Most renowned are
the Spire Tyrants,
for these are the
warriors who have fought within the
fighting pits of the Varanspire, and
consider themselves to be favoured
by the Everchosen himself – a
debatable assertion, though one that
lends them great fur y in battle.

Most of the time, these warbands
battle one another for supremacy
in the blasted wilds and bloody

gladiatorial arenas of the
Eightpoints. With increasing
regularity, however,
they can be
found in the armies of the Slaves to
Darkness. The Ravagers in particular
see many of these warriors flock
to their banners, eager to share
in the spoils of victory won by
these conquering and far-ranging
Hordes. Whether the warbands of
a particular culture fight en masse,
or warriors from across the realms
come together beneath a powerful
Godsworn Overlord, they fight
ferociously to prove themselves to
the Everchosen’s
champions and
earn a place in his armies.


PAGEBREAK
OGROID MYRMIDONS

Little is known of the mysterious
ogroids. Long ago they were part
of the hordes of Destruction, but
became embroiled in a war against
Gorkamorka. This is not particularly
surprising, for the Twin-Headed
God has forever relished violence,
but the ogroids were too proud to
accept defeat even at a deity’s hand.
In desperation, they turned to
Chaos for the strength to triumph.
To beg for aid further offended
Gorkamorka’s warrior principles.
Soon orruks, ogors and even grots in
their thousands strove to annihilate
the ogroids. Only through fleeing
into the most Chaos-tainted lands
did they survive.

Despite their fearsome appearance,
ogroids are no mere brutes. Some
of their number became mystic
Thaumaturges, but many instead

47

follow the path of the Myrmidon.
They devote themselves to the art
of combat, wielding spiked shields
and heavy spears with breathtaking
skill. Any who accept a Myrmidon’s
challenge wi l l receive a brief salute
before being impaled by the deadly
polearm. Should an ogroid be
wounded, the runes carved across
their body wi l l glow with a hellish
light, empowering the creature
further. Ogroid Myrmidons often
serve as masters of the fighting pits
of the Eightpoints. Those who excel
under the gaze of a Myrmidon often
go on to achieve great glory, and
so the warbands of the Eightpoints
congregate around them, seeking to
impress these battle-masters through
their own feats of arms.

MINDSTEALER
SPHIRANXES

A Mindstealer Sphiranx delights in
plundering secrets from the mind of
its prey. The source of this invasive
telepathic power is the third eye
upon the leonine creature’s
forehead.
This is no natural quirk, but an
unholy boon gained at terrible cost.
Once, the Sphiranxes were an order
of Hyshian mystics. Though they
possessed no natural magical talent,
they held considerable affinity for
the guardianship of arcane artefacts,
and served Teclis as custodians
of esoteric treasures. Yet
little by
little, the Sphiranxes’ noble ideals
were polluted. They grew to crave
sorcerous power, their jealousy
fed by insidious whispers from the
Changer of the Ways. In frustration,
the High Bibliarch of the Sphiranxes
struck a dark bargain. The third
eye bestowed upon the creatures
allowed them to peer into the minds
of others and pluck knowledge
from within, but severed all other
connections to the aether.

Compelled to drain the knowledge
from all they encountered, the rush
of information eventually drove the
Sphiranxes mad. Hounded by Teclis
and the militar y orders of Hysh, they
slunk away into the dark corners of
the Eightpoints to seethe over the
perceived injustices done to them.
Only by the wi l l of a great warlord
do the Sphiranxes emerge from their
lairs. They are swift despite their

size, capable of pouncing upon and
crushing foes before leaping away.
Yet
it is the sinister psychic power
of the Sphiranxes that makes them
so dangerous. Coldly intelligent,
they revel in casting themselves into
their enemies’ minds; a warrior may
suddenly forget years of training, or
be immobilised as old traumas are
relived. This helplessness amuses a
Sphiranx greatly in the moments
before their victims are torn asunder.

FOMOROID CRUSHERS

Fomoroid Crushers have long
possessed an affinity for stonecraft.
They can pull apart a structure with
remarkable ease, swinging chunks
of masonry to crush the life from
their enemies Once, they served as
a builder caste for one of the great
civilisations of the Allpoints. Though
skilled masons, the fomoroids won
little respect from their masters.
Treated as veritable slaves, eventually
they could bear it no more, and
launched a rebellion against their
overseers. After a brutal conflict that
saw majestic works of architecture
destroyed, the fomoroids achieved
victory over their old masters.
Freedom lay within their grasp.

Then came the Nexus Wars. Like all
other inhabitants of the Allpoints,
the fomoroids were no match for
the armies of the Everchosen.
Knowing that no physical prison
could hold the creatures, Archaon
worked a grand sorcery that bound
them in mind rather than body.
With a cruel laugh the Everchosen
absorbed them into his vast armies,
or otherwise cast them into the cells
of his fighting pits, amused that
those who had built could now only
destroy. A fomoroid’s monstrous
strength renders it a terrifying foe,
yet not ever ything of their past has
been lost. When the day is done, the
creatures drag the carcasses of their
victims back into the dark depths of
their cells. There, works of primitive
art cover the walls as the creatures’
sentience struggles for dominance.
Where once they raised glorious
empires, now they can build only
with the materials of death, mosaics
of teeth and paintings wrought from
splattered gore a constant reminder
of all they have lost.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
The march of ruin is unstoppable.
In pursuit of glory the Slaves to Darkness crush all
who stand before them, each slain foe an offering to the Chaos Gods.


PAGEBREAK
DIABOLIC GLORY

50

DIABOLIC GLORY

From ironclad legions of Chaos Warriors to hideously mutated warbeasts, few Citadel Miniatures ranges are
as varied as the Slaves to Darkness. Here we present a showcase of fell warriors, foul beasts and dark-hearted
champions expertly painted by Games Workshop’s very own ’Eavy Metal Team and Design Studio army painters.

Under the gaze of their iron-willed Overlord and the champions of the Chaos Gods, the Slaves to Darkness bring war to
the civilised lands of the Mortal Realms.


PAGEBREAK
51

Chaos Lord on Karkadrak

Chaos Knight

Doom Knight


PAGEBREAK
52

Where the Varanguard ride, the will of Archaon rides with them, inspiring the dark tribes to new heights of bloodshed.

Aspiring Champion with
Mark of Khorne

Chaos Warrior with
Mark of Tzeentch

Chaos Warrior with
Mark of Nurgle

Chaos Warrior with
Mark of Slaanesh

Chaos Warriors


PAGEBREAK
53

Archaon the Everchosen, Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse


PAGEBREAK
54

Warbands of Darkoath and the Untamed Beasts raid a crumbling temple of its long-hidden treasures.

The Varanguard are Archaon’s

favoured champions, each a fearsome lord of Chaos in their own right.


PAGEBREAK
55

The Gaunt Summoners are bound to the will of Archaon, riding to battle atop bizarre Discs of Tzeentch.

Cabalist armies are led by sorcerer covens, and use the blood of barbarous tribesmen to fuel their dark rituals.


PAGEBREAK
56

Corvus Cabal

Cypher Lords

The Unmade

Iron Golem

Spire Tyrants

Untamed Beasts

Splintered Fang

The Corvus Cabal strike from unexpected angles, descending to tear their foes asunder and pick clean the corpses.


PAGEBREAK
57

Thronged with monsters and the beasts of the wastes, Be’ lakor’s Despoiler Horde brings terror to the Mortal Realms.

Daemon Prince


PAGEBREAK
58

Fomoroid Crusher

Mindstealer Sphiranx


PAGEBREAK
59

In the presence of a Warshrine,

the Slaves to Darkness are empowered by the manifest

favour of the Chaos Gods.


PAGEBREAK
WARRIORS OF THE GODS

WARRIORS OF THE GODS

Driven by an insatiable lust to conquer, and in so doing attract the favour of the Chaos Gods, the Slaves to
Darkness are one of the most feared forces in all the Mortal Realms. The following pages give an example of a
collection of these ferocious warriors, and how you might go about choosing units to include in your own.

60

With any Age of Sigmar army,
it’s
a good idea to have a vision of what
sort of force you want to build before
amassing your collection. In the
case of the Slaves to Darkness, this
is doubly important. The Hordes of
these ruinous warriors are all very
different, and making the best use
of their abilities wi l l be key to your
battle strategy. On the following
pages we present just one way of
preparing your collection for battle.

After considering the various
options available to us – and
consulting the Dark Gods for their

wisdom, of course – we’ve decided to
make this collection into a Ravagers
army (pg 70). As the most commonly
found Hordes in the Mortal Realms
this make a lot of narrative sense, as
well as giving us powerful tactical
options on the tabletop.

With this decided, our next task is
to select a mighty general to walk
the Path to Glory and lead our
warriors to victory. A Chaos Lord
on Karkadrak fits the bill nicely, and
wi l l provide a solid core to our force
that is capable of smashing aside the
enemy with bone-breaking charges.

Ravager armies are built around
powerful heroes, and so we’ve
included several such champions
to bolster our forces. A Darkoath
Warqueen and Chieftain wi l l help
power up our infantry, as well
as being potent fighters in their
own right. A Chaos Sorcerer Lord
provides magical support, while
an Ogroid Myrmidon wi l l
lead
our Cultists to glory (or, at least, a
worthy death).

Next we need a solid core of infantry.
Two units of Chaos Warriors forms
an excellent core to our battleline,


PAGEBREAK
while units of Untamed Beasts and
Spire Tyrants can hunt down the foe
and pick off stragglers. With these
we have a good mixture of ki l ling
power and objective-taking ability,
especially when they are joined by
the heroes we’ve chosen. To swing
the odds further in our favour, a
Chaos Warshrine can channel the
power of the gods and bless our
warriors, enhancing their already
formidable skills further.

Though deadly, Chaos infantr y
are typically not the fastest units
around, so we’ve included several
warbands of swift cavalr y and
chariots to address this shortfall.
Two units of Chaos Knights wi l l
help drive home the impact of our
charge, especially when backed up
by the brutal bludgeoning power
of a Gorebeast Chariot. Some

Marauder Horsemen, meanwhile,
can dash onto far-flung objectives
and ride down vulnerable enemies –
especially when backed up by a fleet
Chaos Chariot. Put together,
these
units help balance out our force and
wi l l be particularly useful for tying
up enemy ranged units, allowing our
infantr y to cross the board and get
stuck into glorious melee.

The collection we’ve assembled
gives us various options in terms of
warscroll battalions. By grouping
our Chaos Warriors, Knights,
Marauder Horsemen and chariots
under our Chaos Lord, we can
form the fearsome Godsworn
Champions of Ruin – or maybe add
in the Warshrine as well to create a
Godswrath Warband. Alternatively,
we could bring our cavalry, chariots
and Chaos Lord together as a

Ruinbringer Warband to maximise
the power of our heavy mounted
contingent. As we play more games
we can choose whichever of these
battalions we like best, ensuring that
we have a competitive army that wi l l
also be great fun to paint.

61

1. Chaos Lord on Karkadrak
2. Darkoath Warqueen
3. Darkoath Chieftain
4. Chaos Sorcerer Lord
5. Ogroid Myrmidon
6. Chaos Warriors
7. Chaos Warriors
8. Untamed Beasts
9. Spire Tyrants
10. Chaos Knights
11. Chaos Knights
12. Marauder Horsemen
13. Chaos Chariot
14. Gorebeast Chariot
15. Chaos Warshrine


PAGEBREAK
62

PAINTING YOUR SLAVES TO
DARKNESS

PAINTING YOUR
SLAVES TO DARKNESS

With a wide variety of models and textures, and a wealth of colour schemes to experiment with, the Slaves to
Darkness are an incredibly rewarding force to paint whatever your level of ski l l. The following pages contain
helpful hints and tips to get your Slaves to Darkness collection ready to conquer the Mortal Realms.

The sheer variety of models in the
Slaves to Darkness range makes
them a collector’s dream. Whether
you want to field a small force of elite
champions, a vast horde of raging
barbarians, a bizarre menagerie of
monsters or anything in between,
you’ ll find something for you in the
followers of the Dark Gods.

Yet although the Slaves to Darkness
strike terror into their enemies on
the battlefield, painting them needn’t
be quite so intimidating. The Citadel
Paint System contains all the colours
a burgeoning champion of the gods
could hope for, and with the aid of
a few simple tricks and techniques
your legions wi l l be ready for battle
in no time.

You should always feel free to paint
your models however you wish. Each
Chaos God has their traditional
colours, but you shouldn’t
feel bound
by these. Remember that the Slaves
to Darkness represent the greatest
portion of humanity in the Mortal
Realms, and each tribe venerates
Chaos in their own way. If you
want to paint your Khorne-marked
Warriors with deep brass armour
and red filigree, you absolutely can.
If you wish to collect a Marauder
tribe from Aqshy marked with bright
flame tattoos, then go for it!

So long as you are happy with the
result, and ever ything is clear to
your opponent on the tabletop, then
the sky is the limit. The following

pages contain some helpful hints
to get you started. Beyond that,
let
your Chaos-touched imagination
run wild!

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

BLACK ARMOUR

1

2

3

Using Chaos Black Spray as an
undercoat makes this initial stage
quick and easy. Paint any areas
that were missed by the spray with
Abaddon Black.

When the undercoat is dry, carefully
paint the edges and raised detail of
the armour plates with fine lines of
Dark Reaper. An S Layer Brush is
ideal for this step.

Finish by painting even finer lines of
Administratum Grey on top of the
previous highlights, making sure
to leave some of the Dark Reaper
showing underneath.

GOLD DETAILS

1

2

3

4

Paint the sections of
gold armour using
an S Base Brush and
Retributor Armour.

Now, give them an
all-over shade of Agrax
Earthshade, applied with
an M Shade Brush.

Next, paint the raised
sections of the armour
plate with Auric
Armour Gold.

Finish by applying
Runefang Steel to the most
prominent edges using an
S Artificer Layer Brush.


PAGEBREAK
RED CLOTH

1

2

3

4

63

Begin by applying a
basecoat of Khorne Red
with an S Base Brush. Use
two or three thin coats for
a smooth finish.

Next apply a Shade of
Druchii Violet, focusing
on the folds and holes in
the cloth while avoiding
the raised areas.

Using an S Layer Brush,
apply lines of Evil Sunz
Scarlet to the edges of the
cloth and the sharpest
raised folds.

Finish up with even finer
lines of Fire Dragon Bright
to really define the sharp
edges of the cloth.

DETAILS

Leadbelcher (basecoat),
Agrax Earthshade (shade),
1:2 mix of Gore-grunta
Fur and Contrast Medium
in the occasional recess.

Celestra Grey (basecoat),
1:1 mix of Nuln Oil and
Lahmian Medium (shade),
Celestra Grey (layer), Grey
Seer (highlight)

Ushabti Bone (basecoat),
1:1 mix of Reikland
Fleshshade and Lahmian
Medium (shade), Ushabti
Bone (layer)

Leadbelcher (basecoat),
Nuln Oil (shade),
Runefang Steel
(edge highlight)

SKIN VARIANTS

Over a basecoat of Grey
Seer, apply a carefully
controlled coat of
Space Wolves Grey
Contrast paint.

This skin tone was painted
simply by applying
a controlled coat of
Guilliman Flesh over a
Grey Seer basecoat.

Grey Seer (basecoat), 1:1
mix of Darkoath Flesh and
Contrast Medium, Pallid
Wych Flesh (highlight)

Bloodreaver Flesh
(basecoat), Nuln Oil
(shade), Knight-Questor
Flesh then Cadian
Fleshtone (edge highlights)

MUTATED STEED FLESH

1

2

3

4

First, apply a basecoat
of Mechanicus Standard
Grey using an S
Base Brush.

When this is dry, take an
M Shade Brush and shade
the grey areas all over with
Nuln Oil.

Use an S Layer Brush
to apply Stormvermin
Fur to the wrink les and
raised details.

Using the same brush,
paint finer highlights of
Karak Stone to define the
steed’s sharpest features.


PAGEBREAK
64

MARK OF KHORNE – RED ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Start by basecoating the
armour plating with
Khorne Red.

Next, carefully apply Nuln
Oil to the recesses to create
some contrast.

Use Evil Sunz Scarlet to
highlight the raised edges
and raised details.

Lastly, apply a finer
highlight of Fire Dragon
Bright to these same areas.

MARK OF KHORNE – DETAILS

Abaddon Black (basecoat),
Incubi Darkness (edge
highlight), Thunderhawk
Blue then Administratum
Grey (edge highlights)

Cor vus Black (basecoat),
Eshin Grey (edge
highlight), Dawnstone
(edge highlight)

Bronze: Fulgurite
Copper (basecoat), Agrax
Earthshade (shade),
Skullcrusher Brass
(layer), Stormhost Silver
(edge highlight)

Horns: Rakar th Flesh
(basecoat), 1:1 mix of
Agrax Earthshade and
Lahmian Medium (shade),
Rakar th Flesh (lines
on horns)

MARK OF TZEENTCH – BLUE-GREEN ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

Basecoat the armour with
a coat of Leadbelcher.

Apply a few coats of
Aethermatic Blue,
allowing each coat to dr y
before applying the next.

Carefully apply Warp
Lightning around the
rivets and into the recesses
between the armour plates.

Finish up by applying
an edge highlight of
Stormhost Silver.

MARK OF TZEENTCH – DETAILS

Incubi Darkness
(basecoat), Nuln Oil
(shade), Kabalite Green
then Sybarite Green
(edge highlights)

Screamer Pink (basecoat),
Nuln Oil (recess shade),
Pink Horror then Cadian
Fleshtone (edge highlights)

Leadbelcher (basecoat),
Druchii Violet (shade),
Stormhost Silver
(edge highlight)

Rakar th Flesh (basecoat),
1:1 mix of Drakenhof
Nightshade and Lahmian
Medium (shade)


PAGEBREAK
MARK OF NURGLE – GREEN ARMOUR

1

2

3

4

65

Start with an undercoat of
Death Guard Green Spray
or Base paint.

Next, apply a 1:1 mix of
Militarum Green and
Contrast Medium all over
the armour.

MARK OF NURGLE – DETAILS

Use Straken Green to
apply edge highlights to
the raised areas.

Finally, use Nurgling
Green to apply further
edge highlights.

Leadbelcher (basecoat),
Agrax Earthshade
(shade), Ryza Rust
(stipple), Stormhost Silver
(edge highlight)

Incubi Darkness
(basecoat), Nuln Oil,
(recess shade), Mechanicus
Standard Grey then
Administratum Grey
(edge highlights)

MARK OF SLAANESH – PURPLE ARMOUR

Brass Scorpion (basecoat),
Agrax Earthshade
(shade), Stormhost Silver
(edge highlight)

1:1 Sotek Green and
Lahmian Medium
mix, in patches, to
simulate verdigris.

1

2

3

4

Apply Naggaroth Night as
a basecoat.

Shade around the rivets
and inside the cuts and
dents with Black Templar.

Highlight the edges
and raised detail using
Phoenician Purple.

Apply a finer highlight
to these same areas with
Kakophoni Purple.

MARK OF SLAANESH – DETAILS

Cadian Fleshtone
(basecoat), 1:1 mix of
Carroburg Crimson
and Lahmian Medium
(recess shade), Cadian
Fleshtone (highlight)

Celestra Grey (basecoat),
1:1 mix of Dawnstone and
Lahmian Medium (recess
shade), Ulthuan Grey
(edge highlight)

Kislev Flesh (basecoat),
1:1 mix of Druchii
Violet and Lahmian
Medium (shade), Kislev
Flesh (layer), Screaming
Skull (highlight)

Retributor Armour
(basecoat), Reikland
Fleshshade Gloss (shade),
Auric Armour Gold
(layer), Stormhost Silver
(edge highlight)


PAGEBREAK
ARMIES OF DARKNESS

66

ARMIES OF DARKNESS

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Slaves to Darkness miniatures on the battlefields
of the Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions.
The rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Slaves to
Darkness army. The rules for using
allegiance abilities can be found

in the Warhammer Age of Sigmar
Core Book .

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

Battle traits available to all Slaves to
Darkness armies, and spells available
to WIZARDS in Slaves to Darkness
armies (pg 68-69).

DAMNED LEGIONS

Additional battle traits, command
traits and artefacts of power available
to Slaves to Darkness armies that
have been given the appropriate
keyword (see the Damned Legions
battle trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan that can be played with a
Slaves to Darkness army (pg 78).

PATH TO GLORY

This section contains rules for using
your Slaves to Darkness collection in
Path to Glory campaigns (pg 80-83).

WARSCROLLS

This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of
Sigmar with your Slaves to Darkness
miniatures. There are three types of
warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Slaves to Darkness units
that combine their strengths to gain
powerful new abilities (pg 84-87).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Slaves
to Darkness unit, along with its
characteristics and abilities, are
detailed on its warscroll (pg 88-116).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that can
be summoned by Slaves to Darkness
WIZARDS (pg 117-118). The rules for
playing games with endless spells
can be found in the Warhammer

Age of Sigmar Core Book and
in Warhammer Age of Sigmar :
Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES

This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 119-120).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Slaves to Darkness army can include
(pg 120).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

67

Slaves to Darkness

DAMNED LEGIONS

BATTLE TRAITS – BANE OF THE MORTAL REALMS

The hordes of Chaos wage war in all manner of ways,
driven by the dark desires of their Overlords.

After you have chosen the Slaves to Darkness
allegiance for your army, you must choose a Damned
Legion keyword from the list below. All SLAVES TO
DARKNESS units in your army gain that keyword,
and you can use that Damned Legion’s allegiance
abilities in addition to the Slaves to Darkness
allegiance abilities.

• RAVAGERS (pg 70-71)

• CABALISTS (pg 72-73)
• DESPOILERS (pg 74-75)
• HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN (pg 76-77)

If a unit already has a Damned Legion keyword on
its warscroll different to the one you chose, it cannot
gain another. You can still include that unit in your
army, but you cannot use the allegiance abilities for its
Damned Legion.

AURA OF CHAOS

An aura of dark power surrounds the champions of
Chaos, bolstering those who share their devotion.

Each SLAVES TO DARKNESS HERO in a Slaves to

Darkness army has one of the following Aura of Chaos
abilities. The Aura of Chaos a HERO has is determined
by its Mark of Chaos keyword: KHORNE HEROES
have the Aura of Khorne, TZEENTCH HEROES have
the Aura of Tzeentch, NURGLE HEROES have the
Aura of Nurgle, SLAANESH HEROES have the Aura of
Slaanesh, and UNDIVIDED HEROES have the Aura of
Chaos Undivided.

If you select a unit with more than one Mark of Chaos
keyword to be part of your army, you must pick which
one will apply to that unit for the duration of the battle.

Aura of Khorne: The spirit of war can only be
honoured on the battlefield, and those who bear the
blood-mark fight with a savage fury.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made with
melee weapons by friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS
KHORNE units wholly within 12" of this model. In
addition, if this model is a general, add 1 to wound
rolls for attacks made with melee weapons by friendly

SLAVES TO DARKNESS KHORNE units wholly within

12" of this model.

Aura of Tzeentch: Followers of the fated paths are able
to foretell and defend against enemy attacks, and often
prove resilient against wild magic.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target

friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS TZEENTCH units

wholly within 12" of this model. In addition, if this
model is a general, each time a friendly SLAVES TO
DARKNESS TZEENTCH unit wholly within 12" of this
model is affected by a spell or endless spell, you can
roll a dice. If you do so, on a 5+, ignore the effects of
that spell or endless spell on that unit.

Aura of Nurgle: Warriors who worship the cycle of life
and death find their weapons coated in virulent toxins,
their coming obscured behind clouds of buzzing flies.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made with
a melee weapon by a friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS
NURGLE unit wholly within 12" of any friendly models
with this ability is 6, add 1 to the damage inflicted
by that attack. In addition, if this model is a general,
subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS
NURGLE units wholly within 12" of this model.

Aura of Slaanesh: The devotees of ecstasy are filled
with manic energy, and can harness it to move and
fight with shocking sw iftness.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a
melee weapon by a friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS
SLAANESH unit wholly within 12" of this model is
6, that attack scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1.
Make a wound and save roll for each hit. In addition, if
this model is a general, you can re-roll run and charge

rolls for friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS SLAANESH

units wholly within 12" of this model.

Aura of Chaos Undivided: Those warriors who have

yet to pledge their souls to a single deity are amongst
the most zealous walkers of the Path to Glory, and are
fearless in their pursuit of greatness.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly SLAVES TO
DARKNESS UNDIVIDED units wholly within 12" of
this model. In addition, if this model is a general, roll a
dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal wound

to a friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS UNDIVIDED unit

wholly within 12" of this model. On a 6, that wound or
mortal wound is negated.


PAGEBREAK
68

EYE OF THE GODS

The Slaves to Darkness seek to attract the notice of the
gods through per forming great deeds in battle. To court
the gaze of these beings is perilous, yet those who prove
worthy are made mighty indeed.

At the end of the combat phase, if any attacks made

by a friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS HERO that has

the EYE OF THE GODS keyword destroyed any enemy
HEROES or MONSTERS in that phase, you can make
1 roll on the Eye of the Gods table below for that
friendly HERO.

Rewards gained by rolling on this table apply for the
rest of the battle. Duplicate rewards are treated as
‘Snubbed by the Gods’
instead.

2D6

Reward

2

3

4

5

6

Spawndom: Unable to bear the strain of so many
‘gifts’,
the champion’s body is twisted into a new
and hideous form.

You can add 1 SLAVES TO DARKNESS CHAOS

SPAWN to your army. If you do so, set up 1

SLAVES TO DARKNESS CHAOS SPAWN model

within 1" of this HERO, then this HERO is slain.

If you do not add a SLAVES TO DARKNESS

CHAOS SPAWN to your army,
D3 mortal wounds.

this HERO suffers

Slaughterer’s Strength: The champion’s body

swells with daemonic energies, their blows
sundering even the most formidable armour.

Pick 1 of this HERO ’s melee weapons. Improve
the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1.

Murderous Mutation: Whether a sharp horn or
lashing tentacle,
this mutation proves most useful
in the press of a melee.

Pick 1 of this HERO ’s melee weapons. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that weapon.

Iron Flesh: The champion’s
skin warps into living
metal, blunting all but the mightiest blows.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target
this HERO.

Flames of Chaos: The champion is surrounded
by a corona of multihued flame that devours
hostile arcane energies.

Each time this HERO is affected by a spell or
endless spell you can roll a dice. If you do so, on
a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this HERO.

7

8

Snubbed by the Gods: The gods demand more

from the champion before granting their boon.

This reward has no effect.

Unholy Resilience: Fortified by the dark power
of Chaos, the champion becomes almost immune
to pain.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound
or mortal wound to this HERO. On a 5+, that
wound or mortal wound is negated.

9-10 Daemonic Legions: The champion’s deeds draw
the daemons of their god to the battlefield.

You can add 1 of the following units to your
army. The unit you add is determined by this
HERO ’s Mark of Chaos. Set up the unit wholly
within 12" of this HERO and more than 9" from
any enemy units.

• Khorne: 10 Bloodletters
• Nurgle: 10 Plaguebearers
Slaanesh: 10 Daemonettes
• Tzeentch: 10 Pink Horrors

•

• Undivided: 6 Furies

11-12 Dark Apotheosis: The champion has repeatedly
excelled themselves in the eyes of their patron
god, and upon them is bestowed the dark glory
of daemonhood.

You can add a SLAVES TO DARKNESS DAEMON

PRINCE to your army. If you do so, set it up
within 1" of this HERO then remove this HERO
from play (they do not count as slain).

If the HERO had the UNDIVIDED keyword, the
DAEMON PRINCE must instead have one of the
following Mark of Chaos keywords: KHORNE ,

NURGLE , SLAANESH or TZEENTCH . Otherwise,

the DAEMON PRINCE must have the same Mark
of Chaos keyword that the HERO had.

The DAEMON PRINCE keeps any command traits
and artefacts of power that the HERO had. If the

HERO was a WIZARD, the DAEMON PRINCE is a

WIZARD, can make the same number of casting,
dispelling and unbinding attempts, and knows
the same spells. If the HERO was your general,
the DAEMON PRINCE is now your general.

If you do not set up a SLAVES TO DARKNESS
DAEMON PRINCE , you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this HERO.


PAGEBREAK
69

You can choose or roll for one spell from the following table for each SLAVES TO DARKNESS WIZARD in a Slaves
to Darkness army.

SPELL LORE – LORE OF THE DAMNED

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Binding Damnation: At the caster’s urging,
tendrils of raw Chaos burst from the tortured
ground, entwining the limbs of their enemies and
rendering them easy prey.

Binding Damnation has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster and visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, that unit fights at the end of the
combat phase.

Spite-tongue Curse: Uttering the foul syllables
of the Dark Tongue until blood pours from their
mouth, the caster beseeches the Chaos Gods to
destroy their enemies – though such pacts carry
with them a terrible cost…

Spite-tongue Curse has a casting value of 3.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
12" of the caster and visible to them. That unit
suffers 3 mortal wounds. If the casting roll is
unsuccessful or the spell is unbound, the caster
suffers 3 mortal wounds.

Whispers of Chaos: The caster projects

treasonous whispers into the minds of the foe,
compelling even the closest comrades to turn
upon one another in a furious rage.

Whispers of Chaos has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster and visible to them. Roll a number
of dice equal to the number of models in that
unit. For each 6, that unit suffers 1 mortal
wound. If any models from that unit are slain by
this spell, that unit cannot move until the start
of your next hero phase.

4

5

6

Mask of Darkness: A shroud of black mist
snatches up the caster’s allies, only to have
them reappear to strike from a new and
unexpected angle.

Mask of Darkness has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick 1 friendly MORTAL
SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly within 12"
of the caster and visible to them. Remove that
unit from the battlefield and then set it up again
anywhere on the battlefield more than 9" from
any enemy units. That unit cannot move in the
following movement phase.

Call

to Glory : The caster infuses one of their
allies with a measure of infernal power, granting
them the streng th to take on the mightiest
foes.

Call to Glory has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SLAVES TO
DARKNESS HERO wholly within 12" of the
caster and visible to them. You can re-roll hit
and wound rolls for attacks made by that HERO
if target is a HERO or MONSTER until your next
hero phase.

Ruinous Vigour : Choosing a worthy beast
from amongst the horde, the caster imbues the
creature with monstrous streng th, allowing it to
fight on in spite of its wounds for a time.

Ruinous Vigour has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SLAVES TO
DARKNESS MONSTER wholly within 12" of
the caster and visible to them. Until your next
hero phase, when you look up a value on that
MONSTER ’s damage table, it is treated as if it has
suffered 0 wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Ravagers

70

RAVAGERS

Under the command of powerful warlords, the Ravagers spread carnage across the Mortal Realms. Their armies
are vast, bolstered by countless warbands and tribes competing to claim the lion’s share of the glory, and the
constant competition for dominance amongst their leaders has forged truly formidable champions.

True to their name, the Ravagers have long been a plague
upon civilisation. The majority of Chaos-held territory
within the Mortal Realms can be attributed to the
conquests of the Ravager Hordes, and when the armies
of the Dark Gods gather in force it is they who make up
the bulk of those forces. Whether they all worship the
same deity or pay homage to a range of patrons, Ravager
Hordes are inevitably numerous. Their numbers are
predominantly provided by the large barbarian tribes
who swear themselves to champions who have proven
themselves worthy, as well as elite cores of bodyguards
and armoured legions that surround the Horde’s
Godsworn Overlord. The champions of the Ravagers
are, by necessity, charismatic and dangerous individuals

– they must be, for it is entirely expected amongst
the Ravagers that a warrior wi l l
launch a leadership
challenge against their warlord without warning should
they believe them to be unworthy. Their traits and skills
have been honed over a lifetime of brutal warfare, and
at their beck and call are barbarous warbands willing
to fight and die for the glory of the Ruinous Powers.
The Darkoath in particular have found kindred spirits
in the marauding armies of the Ravagers, and many
such Hordes now fight to fulfil the great pacts sworn by
these savage warleaders. Regardless of their motives or
methods, the Ravagers are devoted servants of the gods,
and they wi l l never cease their warmongering while a
single enemy of Chaos remains.

BATTLE TRAITS – ARMIES OF THE DARK TRIBES

GLORY FOR THE TAKING

The lords and chieftains of a Ravager Horde relentlessly
tread the Path to Glory, seeking to prove themselves the
mightiest warrior and thus the most worthy to lead.

If your general is not a DAEMON PRINCE , you can
pick 1 command trait for up to 5 different friendly

RAVAGERS HEROES (excluding DAEMON PRINCES) in

addition to the command trait your general can have.
You must pick a different command trait for each
of these HEROES , and none of them can have more
than 1 command trait. You can use these command
traits for these HEROES even though they are not
your general.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly

RAVAGERS HERO (excluding DAEMON PRINCES)

that is on the battlefield and has a command trait to
stake their claim as warlord. If you do so, that HERO
becomes the army general until your next hero phase.

COMMAND ABILITY

A RAVAGERS general has the following
command ability :

Rally the Tribes: Seizing the moment to prove their
supremacy, one of the horde’s
commanders lets loose a
terrify ing battle cry, calling more of their blade-sworn
warriors to their side.

You can use this command ability at the end of your
movement phase. If you do so, pick the model that is
currently your general. The same model cannot be
picked more than once per battle. That model rallies

1 unit of 10 CHAOS MARAUDERS, 1 unit of 5 CHAOS
MARAUDER HORSEMEN or 1 CULTISTS unit of up

to 10 models to the battlefield. The unit is added to
your army, and must be set up wholly within 6" of
the edge of the battlefield and more than 9" from any
enemy units.


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND TRAITS – RUINOUS OVERLORDS

RAVAGERS HERO general only.

71

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Bolstered by Hate: This general

is imbued with
an unnatural
loathing that manifests as a vile
nimbus of Chaos energy.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Unquestioned Resolve: Bands of unruly

warriors jump at this general’s

commands.

Once per turn, you can use the At the Double,
Forward to Victory or Inspiring Presence
command ability without a command point
being spent if the friendly unit is a CULTISTS
unit within 12" of this general.

Favoured of the Pantheon: The gods watch this

warlord’s deeds particularly closely.

You can add or subtract 2 from the result of
any rolls made for this general on the Eye of the
Gods table (pg 68).

4

5

6

Eternal Vendetta: Burning in the chest of this
general
is an undying hatred for the followers of
Sigmar’s godly allies.

You can re-roll wound rolls for attacks made
by this general. In addition, you can re-roll hit
rolls for attacks made by this general that target
ORDER units.

Flames of Spite: Chaotic fire clings to the form
of this warlord,
leaping out to immolate foes.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by this general is 6, the target suffers 1 mortal
wound in addition to any normal damage.

Master of Deception: This champion uses guile
and trickery to wrong-foot their enemies.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons that target this general.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER – TROPHIES OF CONQUEST

RAVAGERS HERO only.

Artefact

Hellfire Sword: This blade was made from a
single searing flame that was hammered into
material
form and quenched in the blood of
a fire-djinn.

Once per battle,
in your shooting phase, you
can pick 1 enemy unit within 8" of the bearer
and visible to them. That unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Blasphemous Cuirass: The profane inscriptions
and grim fetishes adorning this breastplate
project an unholy aura that provides the most
devout Chaos worshippers with hellish resilience.

Roll a dice each time a mortal wound is
allocated to the bearer. On a 5+, that mortal
wound is negated.

Helm of the Oppressor : The blackened bone

plates of this helmet induce soul-piercing dread
in the champion’s
enemies.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
the bearer.

4

5

6

Cloak of the Relentless Conqueror : The

daemon-mites bound within each fibre of this
time-worn cloak drive the bearer endlessly on,
until victory is achieved or death claims them.

You can re-roll charge rolls for the bearer.

Mark of the High-favoured: This warrior’s

chosen deity pays close attention to his actions
on the battlefield,
their unholy power radiating
in waves around the champion.

Friendly RAVAGERS units are affected by the
bearer’s Aura of Chaos ability while they are
wholly within 18" of the bearer.

Desecrator Gauntlets: The snaking trails of

balefire that flicker around these paired iron
gloves corrupt and destroy that which is sacred
or imbued with magic.

Subtract 2 from casting rolls for enemy
WIZARDS while they are within 3" of the bearer.
In addition, add 1 to wound rolls for attacks
made by the bearer if the target is a WIZARD

or PRIEST .


PAGEBREAK
Cabalists

72

CABALISTS

Though they may be barbarous and cruel-hearted, not all Slaves to Darkness are simple reavers. Some of the more
magically gifted amongst their number plunge into the ancient study of blood-magic, and through ritual offerings
to their insidious gods they seek to bind the power of the aether itself to their w i l l.

Unlike most Slaves to Darkness Hordes, the armies
of the Cabalists are dominated by potent sorcerers
and mysterious shamans. The power wielded by these
warlocks and hex-weavers is held in awe by the tribes that
serve them, but it is never enough to satisfy the sorcerers
themselves. Their sole desire is to amass greater magical
might, for it is through this method that they seek to
achieve dark apotheosis. To power their spellcraft, the
Cabalists have turned to all manner of disturbing rites
and rituals. The majority involve the spilling of blood.
Worshippers of all aspects of Chaos can be found in a
Cabalist Horde. Even those who view magic with scorn
may occasionally pledge their blades to an especially
powerful sorcerer,
though only in small number and

always grudgingly. Cabalist armies consist of deadly
warlocks and hard-bitten killers, alongside throngs of
lesser tribesmen doomed to provide their blood to fuel
the dark spellcraft of the covens’ masters. Not all of this
blood is given willing ly ; often those chosen for sacrifice
must be restrained by warriors seeking to share in the
power of the Cabalists, or even magically controlled
by the sorcerers themselves. The prize, however,
is
considerable. Through their sacrificial arts the Cabalists
find their command of the arcane vastly improved; the
spells that they muster become almost unstoppable,
particularly when many sorcerers work in concert, and
even the endless spells that now cross the realms can be
temporarily bound to a powerful Cabalist’s wi l l.

BATTLE TRAITS – BLOOD SORCERY AND BLACK RITUALS

BINDING RITUALS

The sorcerers of the Cabalists are well versed in the art
of blood magic. Through rites of sacrifice and ritual
slaughter they seek to draw the power of Chaos to
themselves – and the blood of ‘willing’ allies is the most
precious offering of all.

At the start of your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
CABALISTS WIZARD to perform 1 of the following
binding rituals:

Ritual of Sorcerous Might: Calling upon the dark

bargains and daemonic pacts they have made, the
sorcerers of the Cabalists exchange the lives of their
servants for greater magical power.

Pick 1 friendly CABALISTS unit within 3" of the
WIZARD performing this binding ritual and roll a
dice. On a 3+, the ritual is successful and D3 models
from that unit are slain. For each model that was slain
by this ritual, add 1 to casting rolls made for friendly
CABALISTS WIZARDS until the end of that phase.

Ritual of Corruption: Through spilling the lifeblood of
their followers, the Cabalists can corrupt the energies
of nearby predatory spells and turn them to their own
ends, if only for a brief while.

Pick 1 friendly CABALISTS unit within 3" of the
WIZARD performing this binding ritual and roll a
dice. On a 3+, the ritual is successful and D3 models
from that unit are slain. Then, pick 1 predatory endless
spell within 12" of that WIZARD. If 1 model was slain
by this ritual, you can move that endless spell up to 3".
If 2 models were slain by this ritual, you can move that
endless spell up to 6". If 3 models were slain by this
ritual, you can move that endless spell up to 9".

MAGIC

CABALISTS WIZARDS know the following spell in
addition to any others that they know :

Crippling Ruin: The caster unleashes a furious
barrage of spiteful energy, tearing at their enemies’
souls and forcing them to their knees in agony.

Crippling Ruin has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of the caster and
visible to them. That unit suffers D3 mortal wounds. In
addition, reduce the Move characteristic of that unit
by the number of mortal wounds inflicted by this spell
until your next hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND TRAITS – MASTERS OF DARK SORCERY

CABALISTS WIZARD HERO general only.

73

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Bolstered by Hate: This general

is imbued with
an unnatural
loathing that manifests as a vile
nimbus of Chaos energy.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Lord of Terror : Where this champion walks,
daemonic howls follow them, striking horror
into the hear ts of all in their path.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
this general.

Favoured of the Pantheon: The gods watch this

warlord’s deeds particularly closely.

You can add or subtract 2 from the result of
any rolls made for this general on the Eye of the
Gods table (pg 68).

4

5

6

Mighty Ritualist: This sorcerous is well versed
in the esoteric nuances of sacrificial rituals.

When this general attempts to perform a Ritual
of Sorcerous Might, that ritual is successful on
a 2+.

Blasphemous

Influence: Even the w ildest
sorceries are bound by this general’s
rituals.

When this general attempts to perform a Ritual
of Corruption, that ritual is successful on a 2+.

All

for One: This general will sacrifice his pawns
for personal gain without hesitation.

Once per battle, when this general successfully
performs a binding ritual, for each model slain
by that ritual you can heal 1 wound allocated to
this general.

ARTEFACTS OF POWER – CHAOS ESOTERICA

CABALISTS HERO only.

Artefact

Soul Feeder : This cursed blade bolsters whoever
feeds its endless hunger for souls.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by that weapon is 6, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to the bearer.

Black Athame: This deceptively simple blade
has been the instrument of countless bloody
sacrifices over the centuries.

Once per battle, when the bearer attempts to
perform a binding ritual, you can say that they
wi l l use this artefact. If you do so, that binding
ritual is successful (do not roll the dice).

Infernal Puppet: As it dances jerkily upon the
aetheric w inds, this eldritch marionette violently
disrupts the spellcraft of enemy mages.

Once per battle,
in your hero phase, you can
pick 1 enemy WIZARD within 24" of the bearer
and visible to them. In the next enemy hero
phase, each time that WIZARD attempts to cast
a spell they suffer D3 mortal wounds before the
casting roll is made. If the WIZARD is slain by
these mortal wounds, the casting attempt fails
(do not roll the dice).

4

5

6

Spelleater Pendant: This star-shaped pendant is
carved with sigils of sorcerous deadening. When
brandished,
it can sap the streng th from all but
the most power ful incantations.

The bearer gains the WIZARD keyword and
can attempt to unbind 1 spell in each enemy
hero phase. If the bearer is already a WIZARD,
they can attempt to unbind 1 extra spell in each
enemy hero phase.

Scroll of Dark Unravelling: When the words

scrawled in daemonic gore across this ragged
parchment are spoken aloud, even the greatest
arcane tempests are soon snuffed out.

Once per battle, when the bearer attempts to
unbind a spell, instead of making an unbinding
roll you can say the bearer wi l l use this artefact.
If you do so, the spell is automatically unbound
(do not roll the dice).

Spell Familiar : This impish daemon has
memorised a single spell on behalf of its master,
and waits for the moment its knowledge is
called upon.

The bearer knows 1 extra spell from the Lore of
the Damned (pg 69).


PAGEBREAK
Despoilers

74

DESPOILERS

Chosen by their god to receive the ultimate reward, the Daemon Princes of the Despoilers consider it their unholy
mission to spread corruption across the realms. At their side march elite warbands of the most powerful Slaves to
Darkness, as well as hideously mutated beasts drawn to the dark aura exuded by these damned champions.

To face the Despoilers in battle is to make war against
an army of nightmares. The Daemon Princes that lead
them, fell beings steeped in age-old malice and the
infernal power of the gods, desire nothing less than
the ruination of all that could be considered holy or
righteous. Whether they alone rule their followers as a
pitiless daemonic overlord, or several Princes contest for
dominance in the name of their god, the very presence of
these beings sees their dark designs brought to fruition.
Each is a conduit for the power of Chaos, and where they
tread the land rebels. Great crevasses open up in the
bedrock of the realms as trees crack and splinter, flaming
fissures yawning open in mountainsides from which
issue burning torrents of witchfire. Yet most sinister

of all are the thick carpets of darkness that follow the
Despoilers, the very light of Hysh swallowed by their
unclean presence. This blackness serves the monstrous
beings and elite warriors that attend to the most powerful
Daemon Princes well; under its obscuring cover,
they
charge into the enemy with murderous desire filling their
souls. The warbands that follow a Despoilers lord wi l l all
share the allegiance of the ruling Daemon Prince, and
many wi l l be counted amongst the devoted Godtouched;
with the power of the Dark Gods flowing through them,
they are capable of tearing apart armies many times their
size, their unstoppable path of destruction seeing the
very realms remade in an image far more pleasing to the
insidious nature of pure Chaos.

BATTLE TRAITS – CORRUPTORS OF THE REALMS

SACRILEGIOUS MIGHT

The daemonic warlords of the Despoilers are walking
archangels of ruin, and their connection to the power of
Chaos makes them incredibly difficult to slay.

Friendly units with the same Mark of Chaos keyword
as your general are affected by your general’s Aura
of Chaos ability while they are wholly within 18" of
your general.

In addition, roll a dice each time you allocate a wound

or mortal wound to a DESPOILERS DAEMON PRINCE

that is a general. On a 5+, that wound or mortal wound
is negated.

BLESSED BY THE UNHOLY

The monstrous beings of a Despoiler Horde are fortified
by the ruinous energies they spread, torn flesh and
shattered bones reknitting with terrify ing speed.

In your hero phase, you can roll a dice for each

friendly DESPOILERS DAEMON PRINCE and friendly

DESPOILERS MONSTER on the battlefield. On a 4+,
you can heal up to D3 wounds that have been allocated
to that model. If that unit is a MUTALITH VORTEX
BEAST , you can only heal 1 wound instead of D3.

TWISTED DOMINION

Where a Daemon Prince of the Despoilers walks,
chasms open as the land cracks asunder in agonised
protest, while thick palls of dark energy obscure the
favoured and their servants from view.

If a friendly DESPOILERS DAEMON PRINCE finishes

a move within 6" of a terrain feature, you can give
that terrain feature the Pitch-black and Nightmare
Chasm scenery rules below, until your next hero phase.

DESPOILERS DAEMON PRINCES and DESPOILERS

MONSTERS are unaffected by these scenery rules.

Pitch-black: Models are not visible to each other if
an imaginar y straight line 1mm wide drawn between
the closest points of the two models crosses over more
than 1" of this terrain feature.

Nightmare Chasm: At the start of each hero phase,
roll a dice for this terrain feature. On a 6, each
unit within 1" of it suffers D3 mortal wounds (roll
separately for each unit).


PAGEBREAK
COMMAND TRAITS – ASPECTS OF THE ASCENDED

DESPOILERS DAEMON PRINCE general only.

75

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Bolstered by Hate: This general

is imbued
with an unnatural
loathing that manifests as a
crackling corona of Chaos energy.

Add 2 to this general’s Wounds characteristic.

Lord of Terror : Where this champion walks,
the inhuman howls of daemonic entities follow
them, striking horror into the hear ts of all in
their path.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
this general.

Lightning Reflexes: The inhuman swiftness of
this warlord sees them dar t aside from incoming
missiles with blinding speed.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with
missile weapons that target this general.

4

5

6

Radiance of Dark Glory : In the presence of this

daemon, the mutative energies of Chaos can seal
shut even the most grievous of wounds.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly
DESPOILERS unit wholly within 18" of this
general and roll a dice. On a 3+, you can heal up
to D3 wounds allocated to that unit.

Distorting Miasma: The taint of Chaos spreads
from this general with each step they take.

You can give a terrain feature the Pitch-black
and Nightmare Chasm scenery rules (pg 74) if
this general finishes a move within 9" of it.

Paragon of Ruin: This general

is a living
conduit for the will of their patron.

After set-up is complete but before the first
battle round begins, D3 friendly DESPOILERS
units can move up to 5".

ARTEFACTS OF POWER – INFERNAL TREASURES

DESPOILERS HERO only.

Artefact

Crown of Hellish Adoration: As the wearer’s

name is chanted in praise, the runes of this
twisted diadem form a protective aura around
the wearer that can ward off even a cannonball.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made
with missile weapons that target the bearer
while they are within 3" of any friendly
DESPOILERS units with at least 3 models.

Helm of Many Eyes: The eyeballs that cover this
helm stare into past and future alike, allowing
the wearer to catch their foes off guard.

The bearer and their mount (if they have one)
fight at the start of the combat phase if they
charged in the same turn, but cannot fight again
in that phase unless an ability or spell allows
them to fight more than once.

Armour of Tortured Souls: The blackened

plates of this armour are streng thened by the
souls of its previous wearers, and can withstand
all but the most brutal punishment.

Worsen the Rend characteristic of attacks that
target the bearer by 1 (to a minimum of ‘-’).

4

5

6

Diabolic Mantle: The touch of Chaos rests
heavily on this warrior’s
shoulders, providing
them with a font of darkling inspiration.

At the start of the first battle round,
if the
bearer is on the battlefield, you receive D3
command points.

Doombringer Blade: When this cruel blade is
pointed at a hated foe, searing v isions pain the
bearer’s minions until the target has been slain.

At the start of the first battle round, after set-up
is complete but before the first turn begins, you
can pick 1 enemy HERO or enemy MONSTER
on the battlefield. If you do so, friendly
DESPOILERS units can re-roll hit and wound
rolls for attacks that target that unit.

Realmwarper’s Twist-rune: One who bears this

cursed rune upon their flesh can bind warped
landscapes to their w ill.

Friendly DESPOILERS units wholly within 12" of
the bearer are unaffected by the Pitch-black and
Nightmare Chasm scenery rules.


PAGEBREAK
Host of the Everchosen

76

HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN

Should a battle require Archaon’s personal attention, then he shall bring with him all the might of his dread hosts.
These are the conquering armies of the Everchosen, their blades wetted in the blood of a thousand slain empires.
Under the command of their dark lord they storm across the field, slaughtering his foes with merciless efficiency.

The most infamous of all Archaon’s warriors are the
legendary Varanguard. A handful of the Knights of Ruin
can turn the tide of any battle, but when the forces of
one of the Eight Circles ride out in force there is little
that can hope to stand against them and expect to see
the next dawn. On occasion the Varanguard alone wi l l
be entrusted with ensuring that Archaon’s wi l l is done,
though just as often they may be joined by throngs of
Slaves to Darkness bearing the mark of the Everchosen
and who have sworn to serve him above all others.
These hosts are deadly enough even when only a few
Varanguard are present – and should Archaon himself
take to the field, then the doom of the foe is only a matter
of time. The Exalted Grand Marshal of the Apocalypse

directs his army with a consummate ease, his raw
authority mixed with a mastery of tactics and strategy
that turns the hordes of Chaos into a more fearsome force
than ever. With the treasures of Chaos at his command,
most importantly the far-seeing Eye of Sheerian and the
monstrous abomination known as Dorghar, Archaon is
more than capable of dealing horrific amounts of death
himself. The Everchosen is a skilled warrior and powerful
wizard, able to dominate and humble any foe foolish
enough to lock blades with him. With his Varanguard at
his side and the power of the Chaos Gods united behind
him, Archaon wi l l not stop his dark crusade until all of
the Mortal Realms belong to him, and the Pantheon of
Order lies broken at his feet.

BATTLE TRAITS – THE IRON FIST OF THE EVERCHOSEN

EXALTED GRAND MARSHAL
OF THE APOCALYPSE

Archaon is the ultimate Champion of Chaos, and by his
mere presence does he empower the worshippers of the
Dark Gods.

COMMAND ABILITY

Dark Prophecy : With the foresight granted by the
Eye of Sheerian, Archaon can adapt his strategies to
the flow of the battle and always stay a step ahead of
his opponents.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your hero phase if ARCHAON is your general and on
the battlefield. If you do so, roll a dice and keep the
result hidden from your opponent. At the start of
the next battle round, before players determine who
has the first turn, you can reveal the result. On a 1-3
your opponent must take the first turn of that battle
round. On a 4-6 you must take the first turn of that
battle round.

If ARCHAON is your general and on the battlefield,

friendly HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN units are

affected by his Aura of Chaos ability if they are wholly
within 18" of him.

FEARLESS IN HIS PRESENCE

None dare flee under Archaon’s
gaze, for his warriors
fear him more than the blades or spells of any foe.

Do not take battleshock tests for friendly HOST OF
THE EVERCHOSEN units if ARCHAON is your general
and on the battlefield.

THE WILL OF THE EVERCHOSEN

Nothing will stop the hordes of the Everchosen from
destroying those marked for death by Archaon.

In your hero phase, if ARCHAON is your general and
on the battlefield, you can pick 1 enemy unit on the
battlefield. If you do so, you can re-roll hit and wound
rolls of 1 for attacks made with melee weapons by
friendly HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN units that target
that unit until your next hero phase.


PAGEBREAK
77

THE EIGHT CIRCLES OF THE VARANGUARD

Archaon charges each of his would-be champions with
eight trials in the ultimate test of their mettle. Those
skilled enough to triumph are placed into one of the
infamous Eight Circles of the Varanguard.

THE FOURTH CIRCLE

The Reavers of Chaos: Desolation is all that is left in
the wake of the Fourth Circle. The very lands they pass
through are filled with the dark power of Chaos, and
furiously lash out at the enemies of the gods.

After you have given the HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN
keyword to your army, you must choose one of the
keywords from the list below. All VARANGUARD units
in your army gain that keyword.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 terrain feature
within 3" of any friendly FOURTH CIRCLE units. Each
enemy unit within 3" of that terrain features suffers D3
mortal wounds (roll separately for each unit).

FIRST CIRCLE , SECOND CIRCLE , THIRD CIRCLE ,
FOURTH CIRCLE , FIFTH CIRCLE , SIXTH CIRCLE ,
SEVENTH CIRCLE or EIGHTH CIRCLE .

THE FIRST CIRCLE

The Swords of Chaos: Descending from ruinous
por tals torn open in the sky,
the attacks of the Swords
of Chaos are almost impossible to predict before it is
too late.

THE FIFTH CIRCLE

The Scourges of Fate: The Varanguard of the Fifth
Circle are Archaon’s headhunters. Even the greatest of
heroes and most fearsome of monsters cannot escape
their blades for long.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made by FIFTH CIRCLE units if the target is a HERO

or MONSTER .

At the start of the first battle round, after determining
who has the first turn, you can remove any friendly
FIRST CIRCLE units from the battlefield and set them
up again (any restrictions in the set-up instructions for
the battleplan being used still apply).

THE SIXTH CIRCLE

The Blades of Desolation: Where the Sixth Circle ride,
none can withstand them. They are the hammer of the
Everchosen,
the weapon he w ields when an enemy must
be utterly shattered.

THE SECOND CIRCLE

The Souls of Torment: Sowers of sorrow and despair,
the Varanguard of the Second Circle grant their foes the
release of death only when all hope is lost.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of enemy
units while they are within 6" of any friendly SECOND
CIRCLE units. In addition, if an enemy unit fails a
battleshock test within 6" of any friendly SECOND
CIRCLE units, add D3 to the number of models
that flee.

THE THIRD CIRCLE

The Scions of Darkness: These dreaded warriors are
cloaked in unnatural
shadow, confounding the aim of
those who would seek to bring them down from afar.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target THIRD CIRCLE units.

Add 1 to the damage inflicted by attacks made with
melee weapons by SIXTH CIRCLE units that charged in
the same turn.

THE SEVENTH CIRCLE

The Bane Sons: To consume the flesh of an opponent is
to inherit their streng th, so claim the cannibal riders of
the Bane Sons. They have yet to be proven wrong.

At the end of the combat phase, if any attacks made
by a friendly SEVENTH CIRCLE unit in that phase
destroyed any enemy units, heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to that SEVENTH CIRCLE unit.

THE EIGHTH CIRCLE

The Nameless Circle: Archaon alone knows the true
nature of the Eighth Circle, and the only ev idence to
mark their passing is the broken corpses of their foes.

EIGHTH CIRCLE units can fly.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: The Threshold of Damnation

78

THE THRESHOLD OF DAMNATION

BATTLEPLAN

COMMAND ABILITIES

The following additional command
abilities can be used in this battle:

Endless Followers: The armies of

Chaos are nearly endless, and for
each tribesman who falls there is soon
another to take their place.

The Slaves to Darkness player can
use this command ability in their
hero phase. If they do so, they can
return D3 slain models to each

CHAOS MARAUDERS unit from

their army that is wholly within 16"
of their general.

To walk the Path to Glory is to sell
one’s soul to rapacious gods. The
only way to rise higher is to commit
ever-increasing acts of evil. Some
champions – particularly those of a
magical persuasion – draw the eye
of the gods through performing of
dark rituals. The purpose of such
a ritual can var y greatly based on
the agenda of the sorcerer, but
all demand a heavy price and can
wreak untold havoc if successfully
brought to completion. Those who
stand before the armies of Chaos
w i l l stop at nothing to prevent such
a ritual coming to pass, for should
it be successful their very souls
are endangered.

This battleplan allows you
to re-create just such a clash.
The warbands of a powerful
sorcerer have closed in on a site
of dark power, and now their
magical master seeks to unleash
unspeakable evil upon the land.
The defenders are all that stands
before the sorcerer and their goal,
and must strive to destroy the
fuel for the sorcerer’s rites – their
barbarous servants – before the
ritual grows too powerful to stop.

THE ARMIES

Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Slaves to Darkness
player and their opponent is the
Desperate Defender. The Slaves to
Darkness player’s army must have

a CHAOS SORCERER LORD as its

general and include at least 1 unit

of 20 CHAOS MARAUDERS or 10
CHAOS WARRIORS .

SET-UP

The territories for both armies are
shown on the map. The players
alternate setting up units one at
a time starting with the Slaves
to Darkness player. The Slaves to
Darkness player’s units must be set
up wholly within their territory. The
Desperate Defender’s units must be
set up wholly within their territory.

Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies. If
one player finishes first, the opposing
player can set up the rest of the units
in their army one after another.

FIRST TURN

The Slaves to Darkness player takes
the first turn in the first battle round.


PAGEBREAK
79

If the Desperate Defender’s army is
destroyed before the end of the fifth
battle round, the Slaves to Darkness

player wins a minor victory.

If all of the CHAOS MARAUDERS

units from the Slaves to Darkness
army have been destroyed at the end
of the battle, the Desperate Defender

wins a minor victory.

If none of the above conditions have
been met at the end of the battle, the
game is a draw.

from their army wholly within 12"
of their general. If they do so, D3
models from that unit are slain but
they add 1 to casting, dispelling
and unbinding rolls for WIZARDS
from their army until their next
hero phase.

BATTLE LENGTH

The battle lasts until a player wins a
major victor y or for 5 battle rounds,
whichever happens first.

GLORIOUS VICTORY

If 10 or more models from the Slaves
to Darkness army are slain as a
result of The Ritual ability (see left),
the Slaves to Darkness player wins a

major victory.

If the general of the Slaves to
Darkness army is slain, the
Desperate Defender wins a

major victory.

On Me!: The general of the defenders
knows well the cost of failure, and
will exhor t their warriors to the
limits of endurance in order to deny
the Slaves to Darkness victory.

The Desperate Defender can use this
command ability at the start of their
hero phase. If they do so, they can
pick 1 unit from their army wholly
within 16" of their general. That unit
can run and still charge later in the
same turn.

THE RITUAL
The sorcerers of the Slaves to
Darkness will not hesitate to sacrifice
their minions in the pursuit of power,
for only one willing to commit any
evil in the name of the gods can hope
to achieve daemonhood.

At the start of their hero phase,
the Slaves to Darkness player can

pick 1 SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit


PAGEBREAK
PATH TO GLORY

PATH TO GLORY

80

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting a series of battles with a warband in the
Mortal Realms. Players start off with a small number of units. Over the course of several battles, each
warband will gather more followers to join them in their quest for glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. Each player wi l l
need a HERO to be their champion
and must then create a warband
to follow and fight beside their
champion during the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warbands glory.
After battle, warbands may swell in
numbers as more warriors flock to
their banner, or existing troops may
become more powerful.

After gaining sufficient glory or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
you wi l l be crowned the victor of the
campaign, your glory affirmed for
all time.

CREATING A WARBAND

In a Path to Glory game, you
do not select your army in the
normal manner. Instead, you
create a warband that consists of
a mighty champion, battling to
earn the favour of the gods, and
their followers. The details and
progress of each warband need to
be recorded on a warband roster,
which you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster :

1. First, pick a faction for your
warband. Each faction has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in
the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect a
Slaves to Darkness warband, but
other Warhammer Age of Sigmar
publications include warband

tables to let you collect warbands
from other factions.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of
the options from your faction’s
champion table. Give your
champion a suitably grand name
and write this down on your
warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion, the
next step is to make follower rolls
to generate your starting followers.
The champion you chose in step 2
wi l l determine how many follower
rolls you have. To make a follower
roll, pick a column from one of
the followers tables and then roll
a dice. If you prefer,
instead of
rolling a dice, you can pick the
result from the followers table (this
still uses up the roll).

Sometimes a table wi l l require
you to expend two or more rolls,
or one roll and a number of Glory
Points (see Gaining Glory), in
order to use it. Note that the
option to expend Glory Points
can only be used when you add
new followers to your warband
after a battle (see Rewards of
Battle). In either case, in order to
generate a follower unit from the
table, you must have enough rolls
and/or Glory Points to meet the
requirements, and you can then
either roll once on the table or
pick one result from the table of
your choice. If you expend Glory
Points, you must reduce your
Glory Points total by the amount
shown on the table.

Followers
are organised into
units. The followers table tells you
how many models the unit has.
Follower units cannot include
additional models, but they can
otherwise take any options listed
on their warscroll. Record all
of the information about your
followers on your warband roster.

4. You can use 1 follower roll to
allow your champion to start the
campaign with a Champion’s
Reward or to allow 1 of your
follower units to start the
campaign with a Follower’s
Reward (see Rewards of Battle).

5. Finally,
give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!

Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and you can
use any of the battleplans available
for Warhammer Age of Sigmar. The
units you use for a game must be
those on your roster.

When you use a Slaves to Darkness
warband in a Path to Glory game,
you can use the battle traits
from pages 67-68. You cannot
use any other Slaves to Darkness
allegiance abilities.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle,
it is
assumed that they were merely
injured; they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY

All of the players in the campaign
are vying for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated.

As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.


PAGEBREAK
81

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle,
it receives 1
Glory Point. If it won the battle,
it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign (see Eternal Glory).

REWARDS OF BATTLE

After each battle, you can take
one of the three following options.
Alternatively, roll a D3 to determine
which option to take.

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers:

More loyal followers flock to
your banner.

You receive 1 follower roll that
can be used to select a new
unit from a followers table
and add it to your warband
roster. See step 3 of Creating
a Warband for details of how
to use the followers table to
add a unit to your warband.

Once 5 new units have joined
your warband, you wi l l have
a chance to win the campaign
(see Eternal Glory).

2

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.

Roll on your champion
rewards table for your
warband and note the result
on your warband roster. Your
champion can only receive one
Champion’s Reward – if they
already have a Champion’s
Reward, you must take a
Follower’s Reward instead.

3

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned for
mighty deeds.

Pick 1 unit of followers and
then roll on the followers
rewards table for your
warband. Note the result
on your warband roster.
A unit can only receive
one Follower’s Reward. If
all of your follower units
have a Follower’s Reward,
you must take Additional
Followers instead.

ETERNAL GLORY

There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign: by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood,
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might,
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive any
Glory Points – just keep on fighting
battles until you win the campaign…
or another player wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for
a shorter campaign, you could say
that a warband only needs 5 Glory
Points before the final fight, or for
a longer one, you could say that 15
are needed.


PAGEBREAK
Slaves to Darkness Warband Tables

82

SLAVES TO DARKNESS WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the other
units in the warband, and the rewards the warband receives after battle.

CHAMPION TABLE

Champion

Chaos Lord on Manticore or Chaos
Sorcerer Lord on Manticore

Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount or
Chaos Lord on Karkadrak

Chaos Lord, Chaos Sorcerer Lord or
Slaves to Darkness Daemon Prince

HERO FOLLOWERS TABLE

Follower
Rolls

2

3

4

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

Exalted Hero of Chaos

Darkoath Warqueen or Darkoath Chieftain

Ogroid Myrmidon

RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

3D6

Followers

3-4

5-6

7-8

9-10

11-12

13-14

15-16

17-18

Chaos Spawn

6 Raptoryx or 6 Furies

18 Unmade or 18 Untamed Beasts

16 Cypher Lords or 18 Spire Tyrants

18 Cor vus Cabal

20 Splintered Fang or 16 Iron Golems

20 Chaos Marauders or 5 Chaos Warriors

Chaos Chariot or Gorebeast Chariot

EVERCHOSEN RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-6

Followers

3 Varanguard

MONSTERS FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1-2

3

4

5

6

Followers

Fomoroid Crusher

Mindstealer Sphiranx

Mutalith Vortex Beast

Slaughterbrute

Soul Grinder

ELITE RETINUE FOLLOWERS TABLE

(uses 2 rolls, or 1 roll and 1 Glory Point)

D6

1

2-3

4-5

6

Followers

5 Chaos Chosen

5 Chaos Knights

10 Chaos Warriors

Chaos Warshrine

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

D3

1

Reward

Keen for Conflict: These

warriors are forever
eager to get to grips with
their enemies.

2

Skilled and Scarred: With

every battle these warriors
develop their deadly
skills further.

3

Furious Fervour : Even

impending death cannot
prevent these warriors from
striking down their foes.

This unit can run and
still charge later in the
same turn.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks
made by this unit if it
charged in the same turn.

If a model from this unit is
slain in the combat phase, it
can fight before it is removed
from play.


PAGEBREAK
CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

EYE OF THE GODS HERO only.

D6

1

Reward

Flames of Spite: Chaotic fire clings to the form
of this warlord.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
by this champion is 6, the target suffers 1 mortal
wound in addition to any normal damage.

2-3

Favoured of the Pantheon: The gods watch this

warlord’s deeds particularly closely.

You can add or subtract 2 from the result of any
rolls made for this champion on the Eye of the
Gods table (pg 68).

4-5

Bolstered by Hate: This general

is imbued with
an unnatural
loathing that manifests as a vile
nimbus of Chaos energy.

Add 1 to this champion’s Wounds characteristic.

6

Artefact of Power : An ancient ar tefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Trophies of Conquest
table (pg 71).

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

WIZARD HERO only.

D6

1

Reward

Studied Sorcerer : Mastery of the arcane is of the
utmost importance for this wizard.

4-5

Add 1 to casting, dispelling and unbinding rolls
for this champion.

2-3

Favoured of the Pantheon: The gods watch this

warlord’s deeds particularly closely.

You can add or subtract 2 from the result of any
rolls made for this champion on the Eye of the
Gods table (pg 68).

Lord of Terror : Where this champion walks, the
inhuman howls of daemons follow them, striking
horror into the hear ts of all in their path.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 6" of
this champion.

6

Artefact of Power : An ancient ar tefact of power
has come into this champion’s possession.

Randomly generate one artefact of power for
this champion from the Chaos Esoterica table
(pg 73).

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

DAEMON PRINCE only.

D3

1

Reward

Paragon of Ruin: This

champion is truly favoured
by their god, a living conduit
for their fell power.

Friendly units are affected
by this champion’s Aura
of Chaos ability while they
are wholly within 18" of
this champion.

2

Lightning Reflexes: The

inhuman swiftness of this
warlord sees them dar t aside
from incoming strikes with
blinding speed.

Roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal
wound to this champion. On
a 5+ that wound or mortal
wound is negated.

3

Artefact of Power :

An ancient ar tefact of
power has come into this
champion’s possession.

Randomly generate one
artefact of power for this
champion from the Infernal
Treasures table (pg 75).


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Horde

84

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

This section includes the Slaves to Darkness warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated
December 2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date
or no publication date.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

CHAOS HORDE

When a Chaos Horde is on the march, the Mortal Realms tremble. Hundreds of marauding barbarians and
armoured warriors cut down all in their path as they roar oaths to the dark pantheon. They revel in slaughter, and
the pace with which their battle-hungry armies cover ground can catch even the most astute foe off guard. Ruling
over the Horde is a Godsworn Overlord, a formidable champion who has risen high in the gaze of the Chaos Gods
and whose commands are followed without question – as long as they can exert their authority.

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 Godsworn Champions of Ruin

4-8 warscroll battalions chosen from the following list in any
combination: Godswrath Warband, Ruinbringer Warband,
Bloodmarked Warband, Fatesworn Warband, Plaguetouched Warband,
Pleasurebound Warband

ABILITIES

Oncoming Onslaught: Rallied

under the banner of their overlord,
a Chaos Horde on the warpath is all
but unstoppable.

Once per turn, you can use 1
command ability on the warscroll of
a HERO from this battalion without
a command point being spent.
In addition, add 2" to the Move
characteristic of units from this
battalion in the first battle round.


PAGEBREAK
Godsworn Champions of Ruin

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GODSWORN CHAMPIONS OF RUIN

85

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 unit chosen from the following list: CHAOS LORD, CHAOS
SORCERER LORD, Exalted Hero of Chaos, Ogroid Myrmidon, Slaves to
Darkness Daemon Prince, Darkoath Warqueen, Darkoath Chieftain

4-8 units chosen in any combination from the following list: Chaos
Chosen, Chaos Knights, Chaos Warriors, Chaos Marauders, Chaos
Marauder Horsemen

ABILITIES

Fury of the Damned: The lords of

the Slaves to Darkness are always
seeking to prove their might before
the gods, pushing themselves to new
and terrify ing feats of slaughter.

In your hero phase, you can pick
1 HERO from this battalion that is
within 3" of an enemy unit. If you do
so, that HERO can fight.

Godswrath Warband

WARSCROLL BATTALION

GODSWRATH WARBAND

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 unit chosen from the following list: Chaos Lord on Manticore, Chaos
Sorcerer Lord on Manticore, Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount, Chaos
Lord on Karkadrak, Chaos Lord or Chaos Sorcerer Lord

4-8 units chosen in any combination from the following list: Chaos
Chosen, Chaos Knights, Chaos Warriors, Chaos Marauders, Chaos
Marauder Horsemen

•

1 or more Chaos Warshrines

Ruinbringer Warband

ABILITIES

Searing Doombolts: Empowered

by chanting apostles, the Warshrine
unleashes bolts of hellish energies.

In your hero phase, you can pick

1 CHAOS WARSHRINE from this

battalion and roll a dice for each
enemy unit within 24" of that

CHAOS WARSHRINE and visible to

it. For each 6, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

RUINBRINGER WARBAND

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 unit chosen from the following list: Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount,
Chaos Lord on Karkadrak

4-8 units chosen in any combination from the following list:
Chaos Knights, Chaos Chariots, Gorebeast Chariots, Chaos
Marauder Horsemen

ABILITIES

Dark Cavalr y : The charge of a

Ruinbringer Warband can sweep
away entire enemy formations.

Each time a unit from this battalion
finishes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of that
unit. If you do so, roll a dice. On
a 2+, that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Bloodmarked Warband

86

WARSCROLL BATTALION

BLOODMARKED WARBAND

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS KHORNE HERO

8 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS KHORNE units

This warscroll battalion is part of the Khorne faction
and the Slaves to Darkness faction.

ABILITIES
Blood Rage: As a Khornate lord kills, waves of bloodlust
wash over his comrades, filling them with an unstoppable
fury that can only be satiated by slaughter.

If a HERO from this battalion slays any enemy models
in the combat phase, you can pick 1 unit from the same
battalion wholly within 12" of that HERO. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons until
your next hero phase. The same unit cannot benefit from
this ability more than once per battle round.

Fatesworn Warband

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FATESWORN WARBAND

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 MORTAL SLAVES TO
DARKNESS TZEENTCH HERO

9 MORTAL SLAVES TO
DARKNESS TZEENTCH units

This warscroll battalion is part
of the Tzeentch faction and the
Slaves to Darkness faction.

ABILITIES

Scions of Change: Tzeentch’s

sacred
number is nine;
fortune favours those
of his followers who adhere to it.

At the start of your hero phase, you
can pick 1 unit from this battalion
that has 9 or more models. If you do
so, until the end of that phase, that
unit can attempt to cast 1 spell and
attempt to dispel 1 endless spell. It
knows the Stolen Sting spell:

Stolen Sting: With a garbled cascade
of change-incantations,
the caster
warps and blunts the enemy’s blades.

Stolen Sting has a casting value of
7. If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy
unit within 18" of the caster and
visible to them. Worsen the Rend
characteristic of that unit’s melee
weapons by 1 until your next hero
phase. A unit cannot be affected by
this spell more than once per turn.

Plaguetouched Warband

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PLAGUETOUCHED WARBAND

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS NURGLE HERO

7 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS NURGLE units

This warscroll battalion is part of the Nurgle faction
and the Slaves to Darkness faction.

ABILITIES
Grandfather ’s Favour : The blessings of the Plague God
prime these warriors with bile-swollen physiques that are
ready to explode in torrents of foulness when struck.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made with
a melee weapon that targets a unit from this battalion
is 6, the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound after all
of its attacks have been resolved. In addition, in your
hero phase, you can pick 1 unit from this battalion and 1
enemy unit within 1" of it. If you do so, roll a dice. On a
3+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Pleasurebound Warband

WARSCROLL BATTALION

PLEASUREBOUND WARBAND

87

ORGANISATION

•

•

1 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS SLAANESH HERO

6 MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS SLAANESH units

This warscroll battalion is part of the Slaanesh faction
and the Slaves to Darkness faction.

ABILITIES
Perverse Yearnings: The sight of inflicted torment sees
these decadent warriors surge for th, eager to give and
receive the gift of agony.

If a model from this battalion is slain in the combat
phase, units from the same battalion can move an extra
3" when they pile in until your next hero phase.

Overlords of Chaos

WARSCROLL BATTALION

OVERLORDS OF CHAOS

ORGANISATION

•

3-6 HOST OF THE EVERCHOSEN
VARANGUARD units

ABILITIES
The Circles Unleashed: When Archaon has marked a
specific foe for destruction, he will call to his side those of
the Varanguard best suited to the task.

When you select this battalion to be part of your army,
you can give each unit in this battalion one of the

following keywords: FIRST CIRCLE , SECOND CIRCLE ,
THIRD CIRCLE , FOURTH CIRCLE , FIFTH CIRCLE ,
SIXTH CIRCLE , SEVENTH CIRCLE or EIGHTH CIRCLE .


PAGEBREAK
Archaon the Everchosen

88

20

3+

10

WARSCROLL

ARCHAON

THE EVERCHOSEN

Archaon is the Everchosen, the favoured warlord of the dark pantheon. From atop
Dorghar, the monstrous Steed of the Apocalypse, Archaon commands his legions with
an iron fist, his deadly sk i l l and unholy powers sealing the doom of entire armies.

MELEE WEAPONS

The Slayer of Kings
Monstrous Claws
Lashing Tails
Three Heads

Wounds Suffered

0-4
5-8
9-12
13-15
16+

Range

1"
1"
3"
3"

Attacks

4
2
2D6

To Hit

2+
2+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
3+

Rend

-2
-2
-
-1

Damage

3
D6
1
2

DAMAGE TABLE

Move

14"
12"
10"
8"
6"

Three Heads

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

Archaon is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with the Slayer of Kings.

FLY: This model can fly.

MOUNT: Dorghar attacks with his Monstrous
Claws, Lashing Tails and Three Heads.

ABILITIES

The Armour of Morkar : Archaon’s

armour is
inscribed with power ful sigils of warding.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 1-3 nothing happens.
On a 4-5, that mortal wound is negated. On a 6,
that mortal wound is negated and the attacking
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

The Crown of Domination: This forbidding helm

exudes a palpable aura of menace.

Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
CHAOS units wholly within 12" of this model.
In addition, subtract 2 from the Bravery
characteristic of enemy units while they are
within 12" of this model.

The Eye of Sheerian: Ripped from the corpse
of the Chaos Dragon Flamefang,
this ancient
treasure forewarns Archaon of events yet to pass.

Re-roll hit rolls of 6 for attacks made by enemy
units that target this model.

The Everchosen: The Ruinous Powers shelter
their champion from hostile enemy magics.

Each time this model is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 4+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this model.

The Slayer of Kings: This ancient daemonblade
thirsts for the souls of champions and warlords.

If the unmodified wound roll for 2 attacks that
target the same enemy HERO in the same phase
with the Slayer of Kings is 6, that HERO is slain.

Three-headed Titan: The greater daemons

consumed by Dorghar imbue the steed with
unlimited power.

At
the start of your hero phase, you can say that
Dorghar wi l l draw upon his daemonic might. If
you do so, choose 1 of the following effects:

Filth-spewer : Dorghar’s Nurglesque head vomits
a cascade of half-digested warriors and bile.

Pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of this model
and roll a dice. On a 3+, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Skull-gorger : Dorghar’s Khornate head devours
the skulls of prey to invigorate his master.

You can heal up to D3 wounds allocated to
this model.

Spell-eater : Dorghar’s Tzeentchian head
consumes eldritch energies from nearby spells.

Pick 1 endless spell within 18" of this model; that
endless spell is dispelled.

Warlord Without Equal: Archaon’s mastery of

war is near unparalleled, and under his command
the Slaves to Darkness are an unstoppable force.

If this model is on the battlefield at the
start of your hero phase, you receive 1 extra
command point.

MAGIC

Archaon is a WIZARD. He can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. He knows the
Arcane Bolt and Mystic Shield spells.

COMMAND ABILITIES

By My Wi l l: All Slaves to Darkness recognise
Archaon’s
supreme authority, and fear his wrath
more than any foe should they fail him.

You can use this command ability once per turn
in the hero phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit on the battlefield.
Until the end of the battle round,
if a model from
that unit is slain by an attack made with a melee
weapon, that model can fight before it is removed
from play.

All-seeing Dominion: The Eye of Sheerian grants
Archaon foreknowledge of the flow of battle.
Enemies who place their hopes in a single tactical
master stroke find themselves confounded when
their effor ts are met with the per fect counter.

You can use this command ability when your
opponent spends a command point. If you do
so, roll a dice before resolving the effects of any
command ability that command point is spent
on. On a 1, this command ability has no effect.
On a 2+, this model can use the By My Will
command ability above without a command
point being spent, even if it is not the hero phase
and even if that command ability has already
been used in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, EVERCHOSEN, KHORNE, TZEENTCH, NURGLE,
SLAANESH, HEDONITE, UNDIVIDED, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, ARCHAON


PAGEBREAK
Varanguard

5

10"

9

3+

WARSCROLL

VARANGUARD

89

Each of the Varanguard is a mighty champion who has passed the many tests set for
them by Archaon and sworn themselves to his ser vice. Riding atop their hulking
steeds, these lords of darkness bring inescapable death to the Everchosen’s enemies.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ensorcelled Weapon
Fellspear
Daemonforged Blade
Tearing Fangs

Range

1"
2"
1"
1"

Attacks

6
3
3
3

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-1
-1
-

Damage

1
2
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Varanguard has any number of models,
each armed with one of the following weapon
options: Ensorcelled Weapon; Fellspear ; or
Daemonforged Blade.

MOUNT: This unit’s Mutated Steeds attack with
their Tearing Fangs.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , NURGLE , SLAANESH , TZEENTCH
or UNDIVIDED .

Relentless Killers: The Varanguard have

slaughtered foes beyond counting, butchering
their way across the battlefields of the Mortal
Realms without mercy.

Once per battle,
in the combat phase, after this
unit has fought in that phase for the first time,
when it is your turn to pick a unit to fight, this
unit can be picked to fight for a second time if it
is within 3" of any enemy units.

Warpsteel Shields: The great shields carried by
the Varanguard provide protection against even
the most potent magical attacks.

Each time this unit is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 5+, ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this unit.

ABILITIES

Daemonbound: Weapons

that contain the
essence of a daemon are capable of swiftly
devouring an enemy’s
soul.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Daemonforged Blade is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Favoured of the Everchosen: When the

Varanguard ride to war alongside their dark
master they are truly formidable.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by this unit (excluding those of its
mounts) if ARCHAON is in your army and on
the battlefield.

Impaling Charge: Varanguard armed with
Fellspears are utterly deadly on the charge, their
weapons lowered to skewer the enemy upon their
vicious points.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with
this unit’s Fellspears and improve the Rend
characteristic of this unit’s Fellspears by 1 if it
made a charge move in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, EVERCHOSEN, MARK OF CHAOS, VARANGUARD


PAGEBREAK
Gaunt Summoner on Disc of Tzeentch

90

6

16"

8

6+

WARSCROLL

GAUNT SUMMONER

ON DISC OF TZEENTCH

The Gaunt Summoners are strange daemon-sorcerers of Tzeentch bound to the w i l l
of the Everchosen. They glide above the battlefield on scintillating Discs of Tzeentch,
laying the enemy low with arcane power and cursed daggers.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Changestaff

MELEE WEAPONS

Warptongue Blade
Blades and Stingers

Range

18"

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1
D3

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+
4+

Rend

-

Rend

-
-

Damage

D3

Damage

1
1

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Infernal
Flames spells.

Infernal Flames: The Gaunt Summoner conjures
a rolling wave of scorching wyrdfire that engulfs
enemy formations.

Infernal Flames has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster and visible to them, and roll 1 dice
for each model in that unit. For each 5+, that
unit suffers 1 mortal wound. If that unit is a

MONSTER or WAR MACHINE , roll 3 dice for

each model instead.

DESCRIPTION

A Gaunt Summoner on Disc of Tzeentch is a
single model armed with a Changestaff and
Warptongue Blade.

FLY: This model can fly.

MOUNT: This model’s Disc of Tzeentch attacks
with its Blades and Stingers.

ABILITIES

Book of Profane Secrets: Whispering fell

incantations, a Gaunt Summoner can temporarily
divert the path of a Realmgate, allowing malefic
Chaos entities to manifest on the battlefield.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,
you can say this model wi l l use its Book of
Profane Secrets. If you do so, you can summon
1 unit from the list below to the battlefield, and
add it to your army, but the number of spells that
this model can attempt
to cast in that phase is
reduced by 1. The summoned unit must be set up
wholly within 9" of this model and more than 9"
from any enemy units.

Choose 1 unit from the following list:

• 10 Pink Horrors
• 10 Bloodletters
• 10 Plaguebearers
• 10 Daemonettes
• 6 Furies

Hovering Disc of Tzeentch: A Gaunt Summoner

mounted on a Disc of Tzeentch is capable of truly
breathtaking feats of agility and evasion.

Add 2 to save rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target this model unless the
attacking unit is a MONSTER or can fly.

Warptongue Blade: Those cut by a Warptongue
Blade soon find their bodies wracked with
sickening and uncontrollable mutations.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack
made with a Warptongue Blade is 6, that attacks
inflicts D6 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a save roll).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, EVERCHOSEN, TZEENTCH, HERO, WIZARD,
GAUNT SUMMONER


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Lord on Manticore

12

4+

8

WARSCROLL

CHAOS LORD

ON MANTICORE

91

With raw strength and force of w i l l, the greatest Chaos Lords seek to claim a ferocious
Manticore as a mount. Those who succeed find their k i l ling power greatly amplified,
and are amongst the deadliest champions of the Ruinous Powers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Daemon Blade
Chaos Lance
Chaos Flai l
Honed Fangs and Claws
Shredding Tail

Range

1"
2"
2"
1"
3"

Attacks

3
3
6
5

To Hit

3+
3+
3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

4+

Rend

-1
-
-
-1
-

Damage

D3
2
1
2
1

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Honed Fangs and Claws

Shredding Tail

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

5
4
3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Chaos Lord on Manticore is a single model
armed with one of the following weapon options:
Daemon Blade and Chaos Lance; Chaos Flail
and Chaos Lance; Daemon Blade and Chaos
Runeshield; Chaos Flail and Chaos Runeshield;
Daemon Blade and Daggerfist; or Chaos Flail
and Daggerfist.

MOUNT: This model’s Manticore attacks with
its Honed Fangs and Claws, and Shredding Tail.

FLY: This model can fly.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

Chaos Runeshield: The dark runes inscribed
upon these shields grant them the power to
withstand even the most power ful attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 5+, that mortal
wound is negated.

Chaos Lance: This Chaos Lord seeks to finish his
foes with the first strike of his charge.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic and improve
the Rend characteristic of this model’s Chaos
Lance by 2 if this model made a charge move in
the same turn.

Daemonbound: Weapons

that contain the
essence of a daemon are capable of swiftly
devouring an enemy’s
soul.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Daemon Blade is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Daggerfist: This bladed gauntlet allows the
w ielder to swiftly counter enemy blows at
close quar ters.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon that targets a model with
a Daggerfist is 6, the attacking unit suffers
1 mortal wound after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Territorial Predator : Any who stray into the

territory of a Manticore are as good as dead,
especially larger creatures
that can be seen as a
potential rival.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
this model’s Honed Fangs and Claws if the target

is a MONSTER .

COMMAND ABILITIES

Iron-willed Overlord: Manticores are berserk

killers, and any Chaos Lord who rides one to
battle displays such obvious dominance that none
would dare deny his orders.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly CHAOS
WARRIORS unit wholly within 18" of a friendly
model with this command ability. You can
re-roll charge rolls and battleshock tests for that
unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, MANTICORE, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS,
MONSTER, HERO, CHAOS LORD


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Sorcerer Lord on Manticore

92

12

4+

8

WARSCROLL

CHAOS SORCERER LORD

ON MANTICORE

The binding magic of a Sorcerer Lord can break the w i l l of even a mighty Manticore.
Upon such a mount they plunge headlong into the foe, summoning gales of dark
energy as the Manticore tears the enemy asunder.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sorcerous Reaping Staff
Honed Fangs and Claws
Shredding Tail

Range

2"
1"
3"

Attacks

3
5

To Hit

3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+

4+

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

D3
2
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

12"
10"
8"
6"
6"

Honed Fangs and Claws

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

Shredding Tail

5
4
3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Chaos Sorcerer Lord on Manticore is a single
model armed with a Sorcerous Reaping Staff.

FLY: This model can fly.

MOUNT: This model’s Manticore attacks with
its Honed Fangs and Claws and Shredding Tail.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must
give it one of the following Mark of Chaos

keywords: TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Oracular Visions: A sorcerer can temporarily
bestow the gift of foresight upon their allies,
helping them ward against oncoming
enemy blows.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly

MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly

within 12" of this model. If you do so, you can
re-roll save rolls for attacks that target that unit
until your next hero phase.

Territorial Predator : Any who stray into the

territory of a Manticore are as good as dead,
especially larger creatures
that can be seen as a
potential rival.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
this model’s Honed Fangs and Claws if the target

is a MONSTER .

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Wind of
Chaos spells.

Wind of Chaos: The sorcerer summons the raw
power of Chaos and sends a vor tex of fell energies
screaming across the battlefield.

Winds of Chaos has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18" of
the caster and visible to them. Roll a number of
dice equal to the number of models in that unit.
For each 5, that unit suffers 1 mortal wound. For
each 6, that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, MANTICORE, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS,
MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, CHAOS SORCERER LORD


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount

8

10"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS LORD

ON DAEMONIC MOUNT

93

Particularly favoured Chaos Lords may be granted a daemonic steed to bear them into
battle. These champions become the rulers of feared cavalr y warbands, driving their
mounted brethren into battle with roared oaths to the Dark Gods.

MELEE WEAPONS

Cursed Warhammer
Mighty Hooves

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4
3

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount is a single
model armed with a Cursed Warhammer and
Chaos Runeshield.

MOUNT: This model’s Daemonic Mount
attacks with its Mighty Hooves.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Chaos Runeshield: The dark runes inscribed
upon these shields grant them the power to
withstand even the most power ful attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 5+, that mortal
wound is negated.

Cursed Warhammer : Those struck by this

malevolent weapon are soon blasted apar t in an
explosion of unholy power.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Cursed Warhammer is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Fuelled by Carnage: Those Chaos Lords who

rise high in the favour of the gods find themselves
sustained by the act of killing alone.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s Cursed Warhammer in that phase,
you can heal up to D3 wounds allocated to
this model.

COMMAND ABILITIES

The Knights of Chaos: This Chaos Lord

commands his mounted brethren to seek and
destroy the foe with renewed hatred.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly CHAOS

KNIGHTS, CHAOS CHARIOTS or GOREBEAST

CHARIOTS unit wholly within 18" of a friendly

SLAVES TO DARKNESS HERO with this

command ability. You can re-roll charge rolls for
that unit and add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by that unit until your next hero phase. The same
unit cannot benefit from this command ability
more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO,
CHAOS LORD


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Lord on Karkadrak

94

9

9"

8

3+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS LORD

ON KARKADRAK

Karkadraks are monstrous lizard-beasts clad in thick scales, whose destructive
rampages are almost impossible to stop. Only the strongest Chaos Lords can dominate
a Karkadrak, but those who succeed become truly deadly linebreakers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Hexed Battle-axe
Daemonbound Blade
Tearing Horn and Claws
Battering Tail

Range

1"
1"
1"
1"

Attacks

5
3
3
2

To Hit

3+
3+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-
-1
-1
-

Damage

2
D3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Chaos Lord on Karkadrak is a single
model armed with a Hexed Battle-axe and
Daemonbound Blade.

MOUNT: This model’s Karkadrak attacks
with its Tearing Horn and Claws and its
Battering Tail.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Brutish Rampage: A charging Karkadrak
is an almost unstoppable force, capable of
smashing straight
through even the most
determined shieldwall.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within
1" of this model after this model makes a
charge move. On a 2+, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Daemonbound: Weapons

that contain the
essence of a daemon are capable of swiftly
devouring an enemy’s
soul.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a Daemonbound Blade is 6, that attack inflicts
1 mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

Fuelled by Carnage: Those Chaos Lords who

rise high in the favour of the gods find themselves
sustained by the act of killing alone.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
model’s Hexed Battle-axe in that phase, you can
heal up to D3 wounds allocated to this model.

Rune-etched Plating: The symbols carved across
the armour of this champion radiate an aura of
fell power that protects the wearer from harm.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 5+, that mortal
wound is negated.

COMMAND ABILITIES

The Knights of Chaos: This Chaos Lord

commands his mounted brethren to seek and
destroy the foe with renewed hatred.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly CHAOS

KNIGHTS, CHAOS CHARIOTS or GOREBEAST

CHARIOTS unit wholly within 18" of a friendly

SLAVES TO DARKNESS HERO with this

command ability. Until your next hero phase,
you can re-roll charge rolls for that unit and add
1 to hit rolls for attacks made by that unit. The
same unit cannot benefit from this command
ability more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO, CHAOS LORD


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Lord

7

5"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS LORD

95

Chaos Lords are dark champions who have walked the Path to Glory and are now only
one step away from glory or damnation. They are the rulers of great warbands and
hordes, and their followers w i l l die before failing these fearsome warlords.

MELEE WEAPONS

Reaperblade
Daemonbound Steel
Daemonbound War-flail

Range

2"
1"
2"

Attacks

3
3
6

To Hit

3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
4+

Rend

-2
-1
-2

Damage

2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Chaos Lord is a single model armed
with one of the following weapon options:
Reaperblade and Daemonbound Steel; or
Daemonbound War-flail.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Daemonbound: Weapons

that contain the
essence of a daemon are capable of swiftly
devouring an enemy’s
soul.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Daemonbound weapon is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Spurred by the Gods: Chaos Lords are the

favoured of the dark pantheon, and in their

presence their warriors fight all the harder.

You can use this command ability at the
start of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1

friendly MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit

wholly within 12" of a friendly model with this
command ability. After that unit has fought
in that phase for the first time, when it is your
turn to pick a unit to fight with later in the
same phase, that unit can be selected to fight
for a second time if it is within 3" of any enemy
units. The same unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO, CHAOS LORD

Chaos Sorcerer Lord

5

5"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS SORCERER LORD

The very air around a Sorcerer Lord is saturated with dark magic. With their
command of daemonic powers and gift of foresight, these warlocks bolster the power
of their allies while unleashing their own devastating spellcraft on the enemy.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sorcerer Staff
Chaos Runeblade

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

1
2

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Chaos Sorcerer Lord is a single model armed
with a Sorcerer Staff and Chaos Runeblade.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must
give it one of the following Mark of Chaos

keywords: NURGLE , TZEENTCH , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Oracular Visions: A sorcerer can temporarily
bestow the gift of foresight upon their allies,
helping them ward against oncoming enemy blows.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 friendly

MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly

within 12" of this model. If you do so, you can
re-roll save rolls for attacks that target that unit
until your next hero phase.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt
to
cast 1 spell in your hero phase and attempt
to
unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero phase. It knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Daemonic
Power spells.

Daemonic Power : The sorcerer bestows his
followers with daemonic essence, boosting their
skill and streng th to unholy levels.

Daemonic Power has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly MORTAL
SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. You can re-roll
hit and wound rolls for attacks made by that unit
until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO, WIZARD,
CHAOS SORCERER LORD


PAGEBREAK
Exalted Hero of Chaos

WARSCROLL

96

5

5"

8

4+

EXALTED HERO OF CHAOS

Exalted Heroes are those warriors who have caught the notice of the gods and now
seek to make a true name for themselves. Their favoured prey are monsters and enemy
champions, for by slaying these foes an Exalted Hero proves their own might.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rune-etched Blades

Range

1"

Attacks

D6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

An Exalted Hero of Chaos is a single model
armed with Rune-etched Blades.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Dark Blessings: Exalted Heroes of Chaos are
watched with interest by the gods, who will
sometimes intervene to protect the latest objects of
their fickle curiosity.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to this model. On a 5+, that mortal
wound is negated.

or MONSTERS , you can heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to this model after all of its attacks have
been resolved.

Glory-hungry Bladesman: Exalted Heroes scour

the battlefield for worthy foes to slay in the name
of the Dark Gods.

Trail of Red Ruin: This warrior’s bloodlust can
never be satisfied, constantly pushing him forward
in search of new challenges.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this model
if the target is a HERO or MONSTER .

Thrice-damned Dagger : Exalted Heroes carve

out the hear ts of power ful enemies they have
slain, devouring the organ to inherit their might.

If this model makes an attack with a melee
weapon that slays one or more enemy HEROES

If this model made a charge move this turn,
after this model has fought in the combat phase
for the first time, it can immediately fight for a
second time if it is within 3" of an enemy unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO, EXALTED HERO
OF CHAOS

Ogroid Myrmidon

8

6"

8

4+

WARSCROLL

OGROID MYRMIDON

Myrmidons are masters of the Varanspire’s fighting pits, and have spent decades
mastering the gladiatorial arts. In battle they lead those who seek to join the
Everchosen’s
legions, for to impress a Myrmidon is to be marked for glory.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Gladiator Spear

MELEE WEAPONS

Gladiator Spear
Great Horns

Range

18"

Range

2"
1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

6
1

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+
3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-2

Damage

D3

Damage

1
3

DESCRIPTION

An Ogroid Myrmidon is a single model armed
with a Gladiator Spear and Great Horns.

ABILITIES

Arcane Fur y : The magical runes carved into a
Myrmidon’s flesh glow with a blood-red light,
their energies empowering the Ogroid’s blows.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with
a melee weapon by this model is 6, that attack

scores 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a
wound and save roll for each hit.

Berserk Rage: Every wound inflicted on a
Myrmidon only serves to stoke its rage further.

You can re-roll hit and wound rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by this model if any
wounds or mortal wounds were allocated to this
model earlier in the same phase.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Pit Marshal: Myrmidons rule the gladiatorial
arenas of the Eightpoints, and those pit fighter
warbands they lead into battle are spurred to
greater acts of carnage by their presence.

You can use this command ability in the combat
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly CULTISTS
unit wholly within 12" of a friendly model with
this command ability. Do not take battleshock
tests for that unit until the start of your next
hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, HERO, EYE OF THE GODS, OGROID MYRMIDON


PAGEBREAK
Be’lakor

8

12"

10

4+

WARSCROLL

BE’LAKOR

97

Be’ lakor is unique amongst his ascended kin, the only Daemon Prince ever to be
blessed by all four of the Brothers in Darkness. A creature of shadow and deception,
those caught in his manipulations do not realise their doom until it is too late.

MELEE WEAPONS

Blade of Shadows

Range

1"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

Be’ lakor is a named character that is a single
model. He is armed with the Blade of Shadows.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

The Dark Master : Many puppets dance on
Be’ lakor’s
infernal strings, though few realise as
much until their fate is sealed.

After set-up is complete but before the first battle
round begins, secretly pick 1 enemy unit on the
battlefield. Once per battle, at the start of the
enemy hero phase, you can reveal which unit
you picked.

Until your next hero phase, your opponent must
roll a dice each time that unit attempts to cast a
spell, move, charge or attack with any weapons it
is armed with. On a 1-4, that unit cannot do so.
On a 5+, that unit can do so as normal.

Lord of Torment: Be’ lakor is invigorated by the
suffering and terror of mor tals.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test while it
is within 10" of this model, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

Shadow Form: Be’ lakor’s physical
form is as
insubstantial as the cloying mists of Ulgu, and
just as hard to land a telling blow against.

Ignore modifiers (positive or negative) when
making save rolls for attacks that target
this model.

MAGIC

Be’ lakor is a WIZARD. He can attempt
to cast 2
spells in your hero phase and attempt
to unbind
2 spells in the enemy hero phase. He knows
the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and Enfeeble
Foe spells.

Enfeeble Foe: With a series of hissed
incantations, Be’ lakor instils v isions of loss and
despair in the minds of his enemies to drain them
of their fighting spirit.

Enfeeble Foe has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 18"
of the caster and visible to them. Subtract 1
from wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, UNDIVIDED, HERO, WIZARD, DAEMON PRINCE, BE’LAKOR


PAGEBREAK
Slaves to Darkness Daemon Prince

98

8

12"

10

3+

WARSCROLL

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

DAEMON PRINCE

Those champions who consistently please their patron god may eventually be granted
immortality as a Daemon Prince. Each of these black-hearted monsters is a living icon
of their master’s power, and a terrify ing foe to face on the battlefield.

MELEE WEAPONS

Daemonic Axe
Hellforged Sword
Malefic Talons

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

3
4
3

To Hit

3+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-2
-1
-

Damage

2
D3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Slaves to Darkness Daemon Prince is a single
model armed with one of the following weapon
options: Daemonic Axe and Malefic Talons; or
Hellforged Sword and Malefic Talons.

FLY: This model can fly.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must
give it one of the following Mark of Chaos

keywords: KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE
or SLAANESH .

ABILITIES

Bounding Charge: Little can hope to stand before
the fury of a charging Daemon Prince.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this model
if it charged in the same turn.

Hellforged Sword: This sword can carve through
armour and flesh as if they were made of nothing
more than paper.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Hellforged Sword is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Immortal Champion: Those favoured enough
to ascend to daemonhood are among the most
deadly servants of the Ruinous Powers.

This model fights at the start of the combat
phase. This model cannot fight again in that
phase unless an ability or spell allows it to fight
more than once.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Bloodslick Ground: The Daemon Prince

summons pools of thick gore around itself to
hinder the movement of its enemies.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase if this model has the KHORNE keyword.
If you do so, until your next hero phase, run and
charge rolls made for enemy units within 18"
of this model are halved. You cannot use this
command ability more than once per turn.

Arcane Influence: The Daemon Prince harnesses
a fraction of Tzeentch’s
arcane might.

You can use this command ability at the
start of your hero phase if this model has the
TZEENTCH keyword. If you do so, pick 1

friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS WIZARD

wholly within 12" of this model. Add 1 to casting
rolls for that unit until the end of that phase.

Bloated Blessings: The Daemon Prince gifts their
followers with pestilent pustules that spray bile
and corrosive acid when burst open.

You can use this command ability at the start of
your hero phase if this model has the NURGLE
keyword. If you do so, pick 1 friendly SLAVES
TO DARKNESS NURGLE unit wholly within 12"
of this model. Until your next hero phase, if the
unmodified hit roll for an attack that targets that
unit is 6, the attacking unit suffers D3 mortal
wounds after all of its attacks have been resolved.

Revel in Agony : The deadly mania of this
Daemon Prince and their followers only grows as
they suffer blissful
injury.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase if this model has the
SLAANESH keyword. If you do so, until your
next hero phase, if any models from a friendly

SLAVES TO DARKNESS SLAANESH unit wholly

within 12" of this model are slain by an attack
made with a melee weapon by an enemy unit,
add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by that friendly
unit that target that enemy unit until your next
hero phase. You cannot use this command ability
more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, HERO, MARK OF CHAOS, DAEMON PRINCE


PAGEBREAK
Darkoath Warqueen

WARSCROLL

6

6"

8

5+

DARKOATH WARQUEEN

99

A Darkoath Warqueen has proven herself the rightful ruler of her barbarian tribesfolk
time and again. She has sworn dread pacts to bring carnage to the Mortal Realms, and
all who stand in her way must face both her wrath and that of her devoted warriors.

MELEE WEAPONS

Rune-etched Axe

Range

1"

Attacks

6

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Darkoath Warqueen is a single model. She is
armed with a Rune-etched Axe and carries an
Infernal Runeshield.

ABILITIES

Infernal Runeshield: Inscribed with the runes
of the barbarian tribes she has conquered,
the
Darkoath Warqueen’s
shield is blessed with
daemonic power.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model. On a 6, that wound
or mortal wound is negated and the attacking
unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Savage Duellist: A Darkoath Warqueen is
empowered by acts of personal conquest; when she
fixes her gaze on a power ful foe in single combat,
her battle-frenzy reaches new heights.

This model fights at the start of the combat
phase. This model cannot fight again in that
phase unless an ability or spell allows it to fight
more than once.

In addition, add 1 to the Damage characteristic
of this model’s Rune-etched Axe if the target is a

HERO or MONSTER .

COMMAND ABILITIES

The Will of the Gods: A Darkoath Warqueen
speaks with irresistible authority,
for she has
heard the w ishes of the Chaos Gods. When she
calls for her tribespeople to begin the slaughter,
they are spurred to an all-out charge.

You can use this command ability at the start
of your charge phase. If you do so, until the end
of that phase, add 3 to charge rolls for friendly

CHAOS MARAUDERS and CULTISTS units

wholly within 12" this model when the charge
roll is made. A unit cannot benefit from this
command ability more than once per phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, EYE OF THE GODS, HERO, DARKOATH WARQUEEN

Darkoath Chieftain

6

6"

8

5+

WARSCROLL

DARKOATH CHIEFTAIN

Darkoath Chieftains lead their barbarian tribes to war with the fur y and conviction of
the truly devoted. These masterful warriors are always seeking greater challenges, and
their skill-at-arms is spoken of in awe by their followers.

MELEE WEAPONS

Warlord Axe
Cursed Broadsword

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
3

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
2

DESCRIPTION

A Darkoath Chieftain is a single model, armed
with a Warlord Axe and Cursed Broadsword.

ABILITIES

Berserk Charge: A Darkoath Chieftain is on a
constant quest for glory, charging into every battle
with boundless ferocity.

Add 3 to the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s Cursed Broadsword if it charged in the
same turn.

Deathblow : Darkoath Chieftains are superlative
warriors, and once the slaughter has begun their
furious blows inevitably reap a fearsome toll
of lives.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by this model in that phase,
each enemy unit within 1" of this model suffers 1
mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Last Gasp of Glor y : The Darkoath Chieftain
exhor ts the barbarian tribes they rule to fight on
even as death claims them.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick a friendly
model with this command ability. Until the end
of the phase, friendly CHAOS MARAUDERS and
CULTISTS models that are slain within 12" of the
model you picked and have not yet fought in that
phase can fight before being removed from play.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, HERO, EYE OF THE GODS, DARKOATH CHIEFTAIN


PAGEBREAK
Theddra Skull-Scryer

100

5

6"

7

5+

WARSCROLL

THEDDRA SKULL-SCRYER

Guided by searing visions of conquest and glory, the God-speaker known as Theddra
Skull-Scr yer leads warriors from the Tribe of the Black Fang through a combination
of ruthlessness and awesome displays of gods-given power.

MELEE WEAPONS

Darkoath Wand

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

Theddra Skull-Scryer is a named character
that is a single model. She is armed with a
Darkoath Wand.

ABILITIES

Pact of Soul and Iron: Every member of the

Godsworn Hunt has sworn a blood-oath to hunt
down and kill the upstar t God-King’s
so-called
Stormcast Eternals.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by this
model. In addition, you can re-roll wound rolls
for attacks made by this model that target a

STORMCAST ETERNAL unit.

MAGIC

Theddra Skull-Scryer is a WIZARD. She can
attempt
to cast 1 spell in your hero phase and
attempt
to unbind 1 spell in the enemy hero
phase. She knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Enfeeblement spells.

Enfeeblement: Waves of withering energy flood
over Skull-Scryer’s
foes.

Enfeeblement has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of the caster that is visible to them. Subtract 1
from wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by that unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, HERO, WIZARD, GOD-SPEAKER, THEDDRA SKULL-SCRYER

Godsworn Hunt

1

6"

6

6+

WARSCROLL

GODSWORN HUNT

The Godsworn Hunt is formed of the greatest champions of the Tribe of the Black
Fang. Each is a hardened killer who has earned their name through bloody deeds, and
their bodies are bedecked with gruesome trophies and oath-stones.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Hunting Bow
Ensorcelled Javelin

MELEE WEAPONS

Darkoath Knife
Great Weapon
Hunting Bow
Savage Bite

Range

24"
12"

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+

Range

1"
1"
1"
1"

Attacks

3
2
1
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+
5+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Rend

-
-1
-
-

Damage

1
D3

Damage

1
2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

The Godsworn Hunt is a unit that has 5 models.
Jagathra is armed with an Ensorcelled Javelin
and Darkoath Knife; Shond Head-Claimer and
Grundann Blood-Eye are each armed with a
Great Weapon; Ollo is armed with a Hunting
Bow ; and Grawl is armed with a Savage Bite.

ABILITIES

Pact of Soul and Iron: Every member of the

Godsworn Hunt has sworn a blood-oath to hunt
down and kill the upstar t God-King’s
so-called
Stormcast Eternals.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by
this unit. In addition, you can re-roll wound

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, GODSWORN HUNT

rolls for attacks made by this unit that target a

STORMCAST ETERNAL unit.


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Warshrine

12

4+

7

WARSCROLL

CHAOS WARSHRINE

101

Carried to battle by two huge mutants, Chaos Warshrines are tributes to the glory of
the dark pantheon. From atop the raised platform a Shrine Keeper beseeches the gods
for their boon, granting their blessings to the legions of darkness.

MELEE WEAPONS

Sacrificial Blade
Flailing Fists

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

2
2

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

8"
7"
6"
5"
4"

DAMAGE TABLE

Flailing Fists

6
5
4
3
2

Protection of the Dark Gods

18"
12"
9"
6"
3"

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Chaos Warshrine is a single model armed with
a Sacrificial Blade.

MOUNT: This model’s Shrine Bearers attack
with their Flailing Fists.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

Protection of the Dark Gods: Worshippers of the

Ruinous Powers gather around these shrines in
the hope of receiving divine protection.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to a friendly MORTAL SLAVES
TO DARKNESS unit wholly within the range of
the Protection of the Dark Gods ability for this
model shown on the damage table above. On a 6,
that wound or mortal wound is negated.

Favour of the Ruinous Powers: A Shrinemaster

invokes the dark pantheon to bless nearby
followers with their favour.

At the start your hero phase, you can say that
this model wi l l chant one of the following
prayers. If you do so, pick 1 friendly MORTAL
SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly within 18"
of this model and make a prayer roll by rolling a
dice. On a 1-2, the prayer is not answered. On a
3+, the prayer is answered. The same unit cannot
benefit from the same prayer more than once
per turn.

Favour of Khorne: You can re-roll charge rolls
for that unit until your next hero phase.

In addition, if that unit has the KHORNE
keyword, you can re-roll hit rolls for attacks
made with melee weapons by that unit until your
next hero phase.

Favour of Tzeentch: You can re-roll save rolls
for attacks that target that unit until your next
hero phase.

In addition, if that unit has the TZEENTCH
keyword, until your next hero phase, each
time that unit is affected by a spell or endless
spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so, on a 4+,
ignore the effects of that spell or endless spell on
that unit.

Favour of Nurgle: You can re-roll wound rolls for
attacks made with melee weapons by that unit
until your next hero phase.

In addition, if that unit has the NURGLE
keyword, add 1 to save rolls for attacks that
target that unit until your next hero phase.

Favour of Slaanesh: You can re-roll charge rolls
for that unit until your next hero phase.

In addition, if that unit has the SLAANESH
keyword, do not take battleshock tests for that
unit until your next hero phase.

Favour of Chaos: You can re-roll hit and wound
rolls for attacks made by that unit until your next
hero phase.

In addition, if that unit has the UNDIVIDED
keyword, you can re-roll charge rolls for that
unit until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, TOTEM, PRIEST, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS WARSHRINE


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Chosen

102

2

6"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS CHOSEN

Devotees of Chaos who garner many dark rewards may rise to the ranks of the Chosen.
Armed with wicked soul-cleaving blades, these champions fight at the forefront of the
Chaotic hordes, inspiring their brethren through acts of brutal violence.

MELEE WEAPONS

Soul Splitter

Range

1"

Attacks

3

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Chosen has any number of
models, each armed with a Soul Splitter.

EXALTED CHAMPION: 1 model in this

unit can be an Exalted Champion. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
melee weapon.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they
are within 6" of any friendly Icon Bearers.

SKULL DRUMMER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Skull Drummer. Add 1 to run
and charge rolls for this unit while it includes
any Skull Drummers.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Slaughter-leaders: The Chosen inspire their kin
through acts of excessive bloodshed and violence.

If a model from this unit makes an attack that
slays one or more enemy models, after all of
this unit’s attacks have been resolved, you can
re-roll wound rolls for attacks made by friendly

MORTAL SLAVES TO DARKNESS units wholly

within 12" of any friendly unit with this ability
until your next hero phase.

Soul Splitter : One blow from a Soul Splitter can
cleave even a fully armoured warrior in twain.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Soul Splitter is 6, that attack inflicts 1
mortal wound on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS CHOSEN

Slaves to Darkness Chaos Spawn

5

2D6"

5+

10

WARSCROLL

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

CHAOS SPAWN

Those who receive too many gifts from the gods may degenerate into a hideous Chaos
Spawn. Lumpen and misformed, these creatures lurch from their lairs when death is
on the wind, slaughtering all before them with flailing tentacles and crooked claws.

MELEE WEAPONS

Freakish Mutations

Range

1"

Attacks

2D6

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Slaves to Darkness Chaos Spawn
has any number of models, each armed with
Freakish Mutations.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Writhing Tentacles: The body of a Chaos

Spawn is ever in flux, making them wildly
unpredictable adversaries.

If you roll a double when determining the
number of attacks made by Freakish Mutations,
add 1 to hit and wound rolls for attacks made by
the attacking model until the end of the phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS SPAWN


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Chariots

7

12"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS CHARIOTS

103

Swift Chaos Chariots thunder across the plains hunting for fresh prey. Drawn by
corrupted steeds, the momentum of these constructs is a weapon of its own, and the
charioteers take dark pleasure in crushing enemies beneath their heavy wheels.

MELEE WEAPONS

Lashing Whip
Chaos Greatblade
Chaos War-flail
Trampling Hooves

Range

2"
2"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
2
D6
4

To Hit

4+
3+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-
-1
-
-

Damage

1
2
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Chariots has any number of
models, each armed with one of the following
weapon options: Chaos Greatblade and Lashing
Whip; or Chaos War-flail and Lashing Whip.

MOUNT: This unit’s War Steeds attack with
their Trampling Hooves.

EXALTED CHARIOTEER: 1 model in this

unit can be an Exalted Charioteer. Add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made with melee weapons by

that model (excluding those of its mount).

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Don’t Spare the Lash: These cruel charioteers
know how to get the most out of their beasts
of burden.

Once per battle, this unit can run and still charge
later in the same turn.

Swift Death: Chaos Chariots are at their
most deadly on the charge, where their
considerable bulk and bladed wheels can cause
untold devastation.

After this unit makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this unit and roll
a number of dice equal to the charge roll for
that charge move. For each 5+, that enemy unit
suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS CHARIOTS

Gorebeast Chariots

8

9"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

GOREBEAST CHARIOTS

Those chariots pulled by hulking Gorebeasts are gloriously brutal weapons. Only
the strongest of w i l l can break a Gorebeast, and when in the thick of combat these
creatures rip their foes limb from limb with shocking ferocity.

MELEE WEAPONS

Lashing Whip
Chaos Greatblade
Chaos War-flail
Crushing Fists

Range

2"
2"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
2
D6
3

To Hit

4+
3+
4+
3+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
3+

Rend

-
-1
-
-

Damage

1
2
1
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Gorebeast Chariots has any number of
models, each armed with one of the following
weapon options: Chaos Greatblade and Lashing
Whip; or Chaos War-flail and Lashing Whip.

MOUNT: This unit’s Gorebeasts attack with
their Crushing Fists.

EXALTED CHARIOTEER: 1 model in this

unit can be an Exalted Charioteer. Add 1 to hit
rolls for attacks made with melee weapons by

that model (excluding those of its mount).

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Crashing Charge: Gorebeast Chariots crash into
the enemy as a raging stampede of destruction.

After this unit makes a charge move, roll a dice
for each enemy unit within 1" of this unit. On a
2+, that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Explosive Brutality : There is little as terrify ing
or as destructive as the sudden bursts of rage that
characterise Gorebeasts.

If you make a charge move with this unit and
the unmodified charge roll was 8+, add 1 to hit
and wound rolls for attacks made by this unit’s
Crushing Fists until your next hero phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, GOREBEAST CHARIOTS


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Knights

104

3

10"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS KNIGHTS

The coming of the Chaos Knights heralds the death of empires. These dreaded
champions charge fearlessly into the deadliest of battles, striking down foes all
around them with sundering blows from their ensorcelled weapons.

MELEE WEAPONS

Ensorcelled Weapon
Cursed Lance
Cursed Flai l
Trampling Hooves

Range

1"
2"
2"
1"

Attacks

3
2
D6
2

To Hit

3+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-1
-
-
-

Damage

1
1
1
1

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to
run and charge rolls for a unit that includes
any Hornblowers.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Knights has any number of
models, each armed with one of the following
weapon options: Ensorcelled Weapon and
Chaos Runeshield; or Cursed Lance and
Chaos Runeshield.

MOUNT: This unit’s War Steeds attack with
their Trampling Hooves.

DOOM KNIGHT: 1 model in this unit
can be a Doom Knight. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic that model’s melee weapons
(excluding its mount). In addition, that model
can replace its weapon option with a Cursed Flail
and Chaos Runeshield.

STANDARD BEARER: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to
the Bravery characteristic of this unit while it
includes any Standard Bearers.

ABILITIES

Chaos Runeshields: The dark runes inscribed
upon these shields grant them the power to
withstand even the most power ful attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to a unit with Chaos Runeshields. On a
5+, that mortal wound is negated.

Impaling Charge: A charging Chaos Knight
who w ields a lance is capable of spitting
several enemies at once with the point of their
ensorcelled polearm.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic and improve
the Rend characteristic of this unit’s Cursed
Lances by 2 if it made a charge move in the
same turn.

Terrifying Champions: The brutal reputation of

the Chaos Knights precedes them, and can inspire
dread in even the stoutest hear t.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units within 3" of any friendly units with
this ability in the battleshock phase.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS KNIGHTS


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Warriors

2

5"

7

4+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS WARRIORS

105

Clad in hellforged iron and swollen with dark blessings, Chaos Warriors are the bane
of civilisation. Entire legions of these armoured killers march into battle in search of
divine favour, each warrior the equal of several lesser mortals.

MELEE WEAPONS

Chaos Hand Weapon(s)
Chaos Halberd
Chaos Greatblade

Range

1"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
2
2

To Hit

3+
3+
4+

To Wound

3+
4+
3+

Rend

-
-
-1

Damage

1
1
1

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to run
and charge rolls for this unit while it includes
any Hornblowers.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Warriors has any number of
models, each armed with one of the following
weapon options: Chaos Hand Weapon and
Chaos Runeshield; Chaos Halberd and Chaos
Runeshield; Chaos Greatblade; or pair of Chaos
Hand Weapons.

ASPIRING CHAMPION: 1 model in this

unit can be an Aspiring Champion. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
melee weapons.

STANDARD BEARER: 1 in every 5 models

in this unit can be a Standard Bearer. Add 1 to
the Bravery characteristic of this unit while it
includes any Standard Bearers.

ABILITIES

Chaos Runeshields: The dark runes inscribed
upon these shields grant them the power to
withstand even the most power ful attacks.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to a unit that carries Chaos Runeshields.
On a 5+, that mortal wound is negated.

Legions of Chaos: A great number of

Chaos Warriors acting in concer t can prove
almost unstoppable.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this unit while it has at least 10 models.

Pair of Chaos Hand Weapons: Chaos Warriors

who wield a blade in each hand can unleash a
blistering flurry of strikes.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with a
pair of Chaos Hand Weapons.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS WARRIORS


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Marauders

106

1

6"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

CHAOS MARAUDERS

Hordes of Chaos Marauders form the backbone of many Slaves to Darkness tribes.
These barbarous warriors number in the thousands, and fight ferociously to sweep
away civilisation in the name of the Chaos Gods.

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbarian Axe
Barbarian Flai l

Range

1"
2"

Attacks

2
1

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Marauders has any number of
models, each armed with one of the following
weapon options: Barbarian Axe and Darkwood
Shield; or Barbarian Flai l.

MARAUDER CHIEFTAIN: 1 model in

this unit can be a Marauder Chieftain. Add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
melee weapons.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they
are within 6" of any friendly Icon Bearers.

BARBARIAN DRUMMER: 1 in every

5 models in this unit can be a Barbarian
Drummer. Add 1 to run and charge rolls for this
unit while it includes any Barbarian Drummers.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Barbarian Hordes: When a Marauder horde
masses, entire enemy regiments can be swept away
under a tide of barbarous muscle.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
while it has at least 10 models. In addition,
improve the Rend characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons by 1 while it has at least
20 models.

Boundless Ferocity : When the barbarous

worshippers of Chaos smell death in the
air,
it is almost impossible to restrain their
furious battle-lust.

When you make a charge roll for this unit,
change the lowest dice in that roll to a 6. If
the roll is a double, change one of the dice to a
6 instead.

Darkwood Shields: Though crude in appearance,
these shields are still capable of providing a
measure of defence against all but the most
determined attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a unit
with Darkwood Shields.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS MARAUDERS


PAGEBREAK
Chaos Marauder Horsemen

WARSCROLL

2

12"

5

6+

CHAOS MARAUDER HORSEMEN

107

Riding at the vanguard of the Chaos hosts come the Marauder Horsemen. These
skilled mounted warriors launch daring raids on the enemy lines before pulling back,
luring the foe closer before turning around and hacking them to pieces.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Marauder Javelin

MELEE WEAPONS

Barbarian Axe
Marauder Javelin
Barbarian Flai l
Trampling Hooves

Range

12"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

Range

1"
2"
2"
1"

Attacks

2
1
1
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+
3+
4+

Rend

-
-
-1
-

Damage

1
1
1
1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Chaos Marauder Horsemen has any
number of models, each armed with one of
the following weapon options: Barbarian Axe
and Darkwood Shield; Marauder Javelin and
Darkwood Shield; or Barbarian Flail.

MOUNT: This unit’s Chaos Steeds attack with
their Trampling Hooves.

HORSEMASTER: 1 model in this unit can be a
Horsemaster. Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic
of a Horsemaster’s melee weapons.

ICON BEARER: 1 in every 5 models in this
unit can be an Icon Bearer. Subtract 1 from the
Bravery characteristic of enemy units while they
are within 6" of any friendly Icon Bearers.

HORNBLOWER: 1 in every 5 models in
this unit can be a Hornblower. Add 1 to run
and charge rolls for this unit while it includes
any Hornblowers.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
unit to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

ABILITIES

Barbarian Hordes: When a Marauder horde
masses, entire enemy regiments can be swept away
under a tide of barbarous muscle.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this unit
while it has at least 10 models.

Darkwood Shields: Though crude in appearance,
these shields are still capable of providing a
measure of defence against all but the most
determined attacks.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target a unit
with Darkwood Shields.

Feigned Flight: Marauder Horsemen are
talented raiders, and have great skill
in the art of
hit-and-run attacks.

This unit can retreat and still shoot and/or
charge later in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MARK OF CHAOS, CHAOS MARAUDER HORSEMEN


PAGEBREAK
Soul Grinder

108

16

4+

10

WARSCROLL

SOUL GRINDER

There is no act of destruction a Soul Grinder w i l l not commit in an effort to complete
the tithe of death demanded from it. These clanking daemon engines scuttle forth on
huge mechanical legs, unable to rest while a single foe draws breath.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Harvester Cannon
Phlegm Bombardment

MELEE WEAPONS

Piston-driven Legs
Hellforged Claw
Warpmetal Blade
Daemonbone Talon

Range

16"
20"

Range

1"
2"
2"
2"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1
2
4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Hit

4+
4+
4+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+

To Wound

3+
3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1
-2

Rend

-1
-2
-2
-1

Damage

1
3

Damage

1
D6
3
D3

Wounds Suffered

0-3
4-6
7-10
11-13
14+

DESCRIPTION

A Soul Grinder is a single model armed with
a Harvester Cannon, Phlegm Bombardment,
Hellforged Claw, Piston-driven Legs and one of
the following weapon options: Warpmetal Blade;
or Daemonbone Talon.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this
model to be part of your army, you must give it
one of the following Mark of Chaos keywords:

KHORNE , TZEENTCH , NURGLE , SLAANESH
or UNDIVIDED .

Move

12"
10"
8"
7"
6"

DAMAGE TABLE

Har vester Cannon

6
5
4
3
2

ABILITIES

Hellforged Claw : The crushing force of a
Hellforged Claw can obliterate anything
unfortunate enough to be caught in its grasp.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Hellforged Claw is 6, that attack inflicts
D6 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Piston-driven Legs

6
5
4
3
2

Implacable Advance: This daemonic engine is
utterly relentless
in its desire to pay off the soul-
tithe owed to its masters.

This model can run and still shoot later in the
same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MONSTER, MARK OF CHAOS, SOUL GRINDER


PAGEBREAK
Slaughterbrute

12

4+

7

WARSCROLL

SLAUGHTERBRUTE

109

Even the greatest champions cannot hope to bind a Slaughterbrute through physical
might alone. Only through specially forged blades of binding can these monstrosities
be controlled, and their boundless fur y directed towards their master’s enemies.

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-tipped Claws
Mighty Jaws
Slashing Talons

Range

2"
1"
1"

Attacks

2
2

To Hit

4+
4+
4+

To Wound

3+

3+

Rend

-1
-
-

Damage

D3
3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

10"
8"
8"
6"
4"

Razor-tipped Claws

6
5
4
3
2

Mighty Jaws

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

DESCRIPTION

A Slaughterbrute is a single model armed
with Razor-tipped Claws, Mighty Jaws and
Slashing Talons.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this model
to be part of your army, you can give it the
following Mark of Chaos keyword: KHORNE .

ABILITIES

Sigils of Enslavement: By carving runes of

domination into a Slaughterbrute’s
back and
driving cursed blades of binding into its flesh,
the monster’s will can be bound to a Champion
of Chaos.

When this model is set up for the first time, you
can pick 1 friendly SLAVES TO DARKNESS
HERO on the battlefield to be its master. Add
1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this model
while it is wholly within 12" of that HERO. The
same HERO cannot be the master of more than

1 SLAUGHTERBRUTE .

Beast Unbound: A masterless Slaughterbrute is
a terrify ing force of destruction, running rampant
and attacking anything that comes near.

If this model is within 6" of an enemy unit and
more than 12" from its master (see left) at the
start of the charge phase, you must roll a dice.
On a 4+, the closest other unit within 6" of this
model immediately suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MONSTER, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, SLAUGHTERBRUTE


PAGEBREAK
Mutalith Vortex Beast

110

12

4+

7

WARSCROLL

MUTALITH VORTEX BEAST

Within the pulsating star suspended above the back of a Mutalith Vortex Beast can be
found a portal to the Realm of Chaos itself. These horrific monsters constantly seethe
with the power of mutation, those around them rewrought into horrific forms.

MELEE WEAPONS

Crushing Claws
Betentacled Maw

Range

2"
2"

Attacks

4

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

D3
1

DAMAGE TABLE

Wounds Suffered

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

Move

10"
8"
8"
6"
4"

Crushing Claws

1+
2+
3+
4+
5+

Betentacled Maw

3D6
2D6
D6
D3
1

DESCRIPTION

A Mutalith Vortex Beast is a single model armed
with Crushing Claws and a Betentacled Maw.

MARK OF CHAOS: When you select this model
to be part of your army, you can give it the
following Mark of Chaos keyword: TZEENTCH .

Aura of Mutation: Merely standing

in the presence of a Mutalith can have
horrific consequences.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 18" of this model, roll a dice and look up
the effect on the table below :

ABILITIES

Mutant Regeneration: This unnatural

abomination is invigorated by the raw power
of Chaos.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to this model.

D6
1

Effect
Hideous Disfigurement: The faces of the

enemy are disfigured by the mutating
touch of Chaos.

2

3

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of the unit for the rest of the battle.

Troggbrains: Waves of Chaos energy
assail the enemy, striking them dumb and
making them stagger about blindly.

Subtract 1 from run rolls made for the
unit for the rest of the battle.

Gift of Mutations: The legs of the enemy
are mutated into tw isted,
limping parodies
of their previous forms.

Subtract 1" from the Move characteristic
of the unit for the rest of the battle.

4

5

6

Tide of Transmogrification: Horror

spreads through the enemy ranks as their
bodies turn messily inside out.

The unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

Maelstrom of Change: Nearby opponents

are reduced to madness as their minds are
blasted by the glory of Chaos.

The unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

Spawnchange: Groups of enemies are lost
in the blink of an eye as they are broken
and tw isted into new and hideous forms.

The unit suffers D6 mortal wounds. If any
models from the unit are slain by these
mortal wounds, you can set up 1 SLAVES

TO DARKNESS CHAOS SPAWN with

the same Mark of Chaos keyword as this
model within 3" of the unit (or,
if the unit
was destroyed, the last model from the
unit to be slain) and add it to your army. If

you do not add a SLAVES TO DARKNESS

CHAOS SPAWN to your army, you
can heal up to D3 wounds allocated to
this model.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MONSTER, MUTALITH VORTEX BEAST


PAGEBREAK
Furies

2

12"

10

-

WARSCROLL

FURIES

111

Furies are spiteful daemonic imps that throng those lands under the sway of Chaos.
Though individually weak, when they swarm they can prove surprisingly deadly,
waiting until the foe’s back is turned before launching vicious hit-and-run attacks.

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-sharp Dagger and Claws

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Furies has any number of models, each
armed with a Razor-sharp Dagger and Claws.

FLY: This unit can fly.

ABILITIES

Sneaky Little Devils: Furies are spiteful creatures
that utterly loathe the idea of engaging in a fair
fight, much preferring – where possible – to stab
distracted enemies in the back.

In the combat phase, when you pick this unit to
fight, you can say it wi l l cower instead of fighting.
If you do so, this unit must make a normal move
and must retreat.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, DAEMON, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, FURIES

Raptoryx

2

10"

6

-

WARSCROLL

RAPTORYX

One of the many forms of wildlife twisted by the power of Chaos, Raptoryx cross the
land in vast flocks. Cunning and vicious beasts, they are w i l ling to take on prey many
times their size, pulling them down in a frenzy of slashing talons and snapping beaks.

MELEE WEAPONS

Razor-sharp Beak and Talons

Range

1"

Attacks

2

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Raptoryx has any number of models,
each armed with a Razor-sharp Beak and Talons.

Crazed Flock: A flock of snapping, screeching
Raptoryx is capable of swiftly bringing down any
prey should they catch them unawares.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons if it made a charge move in the
same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, RAPTORYX


PAGEBREAK
Splintered Fang

112

1

6"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

SPLINTERED FANG

The mystic leaders of the Splintered Fang lead their people in worship of the Coiling
Ones, serpentine daemons who embody cunning and might. Poison is the greatest
weapon of the Fangs, and a single cut from their blades can prove fatal.

MELEE WEAPONS

Poisoned Weapons

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A unit of Splintered Fang has any number of
models, each armed with Poisoned Weapons.

TRUEBLOOD: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit must be a Trueblood. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of a Trueblood’s melee weapons.

SERPENT CALLER: 1 in every 10 models in this
unit must be a Serpent Caller.

SERPENTS: 1 in every 10 models in this unit
must be a Serpents model. Serpents models have
a Wounds characteristic of 2.

One Cut, One Ki l l: The warriors of the Splintered
Fang coat their blades with vile poisons before
every battle.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made by
this unit is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound
on the target and the attack sequence ends (do
not make a wound or save roll).

Snake Charmer : Serpent Callers can summon
their slithering familiars as if from nowhere.

You can return 1 slain Serpents model to this
unit in your hero phase if this unit includes
any Serpent Callers. Set up the returning
model within 1" of a model from this unit. The
returning model can only be set up within 3" of
an enemy unit if any models from this unit are
already within 3" of that enemy unit.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, SPLINTERED FANG

Corvus Cabal

1

8"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

CORVUS CABAL

Agile and avaricious, the murder-cultists of the Cor vus Cabal descend on their prey
from above. Always hunting for worthy trinkets to offer the Great Gatherer, chaotic
patron of cut-throats and thieves, the Cabal strike without warning or mercy.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Raven Darts

MELEE WEAPONS

Cor vus Weapons

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Cor vus Cabal has any number of
models, each armed with Cor vus Weapons and
Raven Dar ts.

SHADOW PIERCER: 1 in every 9 models in
this unit must be a Shadow Piercer. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of a Shadow Piercer’s
melee weapons.

SHRIKE TALON: 1 in every 9 models in this
unit must be a Shrike Talon. You can re-roll 1s in
charge rolls made for this unit while it includes
any Shrike Talons.

ABILITIES

Death From Above: The Corvus Cabal

favour stalking their prey and striking from
unexpected angles.

When this unit makes a move,
it can pass across
terrain features in the same manner as a model
that can fly.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, CORVUS CABAL


PAGEBREAK
The Unmade

1

6"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

THE UNMADE

113

The island of Tzlid, drifting ever closer to the Shyish Nadir,
is home to the cannibal
tribes of the Unmade. The self-mutilation performed by these pain worshippers is
horrifying to behold, and their leaders are visions from the darkest of nightmares.

MELEE WEAPONS

Maiming Weapons
Nightmare Sick les

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

1
3

To Hit

4+
4+

To Wound

4+
3+

Rend

-
-1

Damage

1
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Unmade has any number of models,
each armed with Maiming Weapons.

BLISSFUL ONE: 1 in every 9 models in this
unit must be a Blissful One. A Blissful One
is armed with Nightmare Sickles instead of
Maiming Weapons.

JOYOUS ONE: 1 in every 9 models in this unit
must be a Joyous One. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of a Joyous One’s melee weapons.

ABILITIES

Frozen in Fear : The self-inflicted mutilation
per formed by the Unmade is a sight disturbing
enough to momentarily freeze even a veteran
warrior in horror.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 6" of any
friendly units with this ability. In addition,
enemy units within 3" of this unit cannot retreat.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, UNMADE

Cypher Lords

1

6"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

CYPHER LORDS

The Cypher Lords seek not only to defeat their foes, but to drive them to insanity, for
they believe madness is the purest form of Chaos. In battle, the alchemical bombs and
illusor y tactics of these Hyshian cultists render them almost impossible to pin down.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Throwing Stars and Chakrams

MELEE WEAPONS

Exotic Blades

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

5+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Cypher Lords has any number of
models, each armed with Exotic Blades and
Throwing Stars and Chakrams.

THRALLMASTER: 1 in every 8 models in this
unit must be a Thrallmaster.

LUMINATE: 1 in every 8 models in this unit
must be a Luminate. Add 1 to charge rolls for
this unit while it includes any Luminates.

ABILITIES

Shattered Gloom Globe: Thrallmasters carry

globes that release dense clouds of shimmersmoke
when shattered, choking the foe and masking the
Cypher Lords’ advance.

While this unit includes any Thrallmasters,
at the start of the combat phase you can pick
1 enemy unit within 3" of this unit and roll a
dice. On a 4+, subtract 1 from hit rolls for that
unit until your next hero phase. The same unit
cannot be affected by this ability more than once
per turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, CYPHER LORDS


PAGEBREAK
Spire Tyrants

114

1

6"

5

5+

WARSCROLL

SPIRE TYRANTS

Each member of the Spire Tyrants has earned glory and renown in the fighting
pits of the Varanspire. These ferocious gladiators constantly seek new and deadlier
challenges, believing themselves to be favoured by Archaon himself.

MELEE WEAPONS

Gladiatorial Weapons

Range

1"

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Spire Tyrants has any number of
models, each armed with Gladiatorial Weapons.

PIT CHAMPION: 1 in every 9 models in this
unit must be a Pit Champion. Add 2 to the
Attacks characteristic of a Pit Champion’s
melee weapons.

HEADCLAIMER: 1 in every 9 models in
this unit must be a Headclaimer. Add 1 to
the Damage characteristic of a Headclaimer’s
melee weapons.

BESTIGOR DESTROYER: 1 in every 9 models

in this unit must be a Bestigor Destroyer. Add
2 to the Attacks characteristic of a Bestigor
Destroyer’s melee weapons.

ABILITIES

Pit Fighters: Years of experience in the
Varanspire’s
fighting pits have made the Spire
Tyrants
into brutally efficient killers.

You can add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this
unit if it charged in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, SPIRE TYRANTS


PAGEBREAK
Iron Golems

1

5"

6

4+

WARSCROLL

IRON GOLEMS

115

Skilled blacksmiths, the Iron Golems believe themselves chosen to provide arms and
armour to Archaon’s
forces. Amongst the war-wracked lands of Chamon, their legions
are renowned for their dauntless resilience and chilling efficiency.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Bolas

MELEE WEAPONS

Legion Weapons

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

4+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-

Rend

-

Damage

1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Iron Golems has any number of
models, each armed with Legion Weapons
and Bolas.

DOMINAR: 1 in every 8 models in this unit
must be a Dominar. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of a Dominar’s melee weapons.

SIGNIFER: 1 in every 8 models in this unit must
be a Signifer. Add 2 to the Bravery characteristic
of this unit while it includes any Signifers.

OGOR BREACHER: 1 in every 8 models in this
unit must be an Ogor Breacher. Ogor Breachers
have a Wounds characteristic of 3.

ABILITIES

Iron Resilience: At a barked command from their
Dominar,
the legionaries of the Iron Golems snap
into an impenetrable shieldwall.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
this unit if this unit has not made a normal move
in the same turn.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, IRON GOLEMS

Untamed Beasts

1

6"

5

6+

WARSCROLL

UNTAMED BEASTS

By devouring the flesh of Ghur’s many predators, the Untamed Beasts seek to gain
their strength and power. These shamanistic savages worship Chaos as the Devourer
of Existence, and are peerless trackers and hunters.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Jagged Harpoon

MELEE WEAPONS

Hunting Weapons

Range

8"

Range

1"

Attacks

1

Attacks

1

To Hit

4+

To Hit

4+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

2

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Untamed Beasts has any number of
models, each armed with Hunting Weapons.

HEART-EATER: 1 in every 9 models in this
unit must be a Heart-eater. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of a Heart-eater’s melee weapons.

FIRST FANG: 1 in every 9 models in this unit
must be a First Fang. A First Fang is armed
with a Jagged Harpoon in addition to their
other weapons.

ROCKTUSK PROWLER: 1 in every 9 models in
this unit must be a Rocktusk Prowler. Rocktusk
Prowlers have a Wounds characteristic of 2.

ABILITIES

Unleash the Beast: With bursts of primal energy,
the Untamed Beasts chase down their enemies
with relentless
fervour.

This unit can run and still charge later in the
same turn. In addition, after armies are set up
but before the first battle round begins, this unit
can move up to 6".

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, CULTISTS, UNTAMED BEASTS


PAGEBREAK
Mindstealer Sphiranx

116

10

10"

10

5+

WARSCROLL

MINDSTEALER SPHIRANX

Mindstealer Sphiranxes are powerful and sinister telepaths. These cruel-hearted
beasts enjoy nothing more than toying with their prey, plundering their innermost
secrets before summarily ripping them to shreds with sharpened claws.

MELEE WEAPONS

Shredding Claws
Lashing Tail

Range

1"
1"

Attacks

3
2

To Hit

3+
4+

To Wound

3+
3+

Rend

-1
-

Damage

1
1

DESCRIPTION

A Mindstealer Sphiranx is a single model armed
with Shredding Claws and a Lashing Tail.

ABILITIES

Telepathic Dread: A Mindstealer Sphiranx
delights in casting themself
into the minds of their
prey, and assailing them with v isions of their
deepest fears.

Subtract 2 from the Bravery characteristic of
enemy units while they are within 12" of any
friendly models with this ability.

Dominate Mind: A Sphiranx can manipulate the
actions of their enemies with a simple glance.

In your hero phase, you can pick 1 enemy unit
within 12" of this model that is visible to it. If

you do so, both you and your opponent must
secretly place a dice so that it shows any number,
then reveal them. If the numbers shown on the
dice are the same, this ability has no effect. If
the numbers shown on the dice are different, the
enemy unit you picked fights at the end of the
combat phase until the next battle round. You
cannot pick the same unit as the target for this
ability more than once in the same turn (whether
this ability has an effect or not).

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, MONSTER, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, MINDSTEALER SPHIRANX

Fomoroid Crusher

10

6"

10

5+

WARSCROLL

FOMOROID CRUSHER

Brutish creatures from a lost age, the Fomoroid Crushers now exist only to tear down
and destroy. In battle they fly into a terrible rage, torturous memories of the creatures
they once were lending their blows a maddened strength.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Hurled Terrain

MELEE WEAPONS

Crushing Fists

Range

12"

Range

1"

Attacks

2

Attacks

4

To Hit

3+

To Hit

3+

To Wound

3+

To Wound

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

2

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Fomoroid Crusher is a single model armed
with Crushing Fists and Hurled Terrain.

Rampage: When this hulking beast strides into
combat,
the doom of its enemies is all but assured.

After this model makes a charge move, you can
pick 1 enemy unit within 1" of this model and
roll a number of dice equal to the charge roll for
that charge move. For each 6, that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Insurmountable Strength: The raw might

of a Fomoroid Crusher sees them use the very
environment as a weapon, swinging chunks of
broken masonry or uprooted trees to crush the life
from any who get in their way.

In your hero phase, pick 1 terrain feature within
6" of this model and roll a dice for each other
unit within 6" of that terrain feature. On a 3+,
that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

CHAOS, MORTAL, MONSTER, SLAVES TO DARKNESS, FOMOROID CRUSHER


PAGEBREAK
Eightfold Doom-Sigil

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

EIGHTFOLD DOOM-SIGIL

117

Eightfold Doom-Sigils are icons of Chaos in all its glory, blazing symbols of pure ruin. To fall in the presence of such
a sorcerous construct is to be damned, for these lingering spells hungrily suck souls into the Realm of Chaos for the
gods to feast upon, and a measure of this siphoned power is offered to those devoted who fight in the icon’s shadow.

DESCRIPTION

An Eightfold Doom-Sigil is a single model.

MAGIC

Summon Eightfold Doom-Sigil: Chanting

invocations
to the all-encompassing essence of
undivided ruin, the shaman summons a burning
icon of Chaotic supremacy.

Summon Eightfold Doom-Sigil has a casting

value of 5. Only SLAVES TO DARKNESS

WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If
successfully cast, set up an Eightfold Doom-Sigil
model wholly within 12" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Empowered by Atrocity : The souls of those slain

in the presence of an Eightfold Doom-Sigil are
absorbed by the magical manifestation,
feeding
the Dark Gods’ eternal hunger and inspiring those
mor tal servants who fight nearby to battle on –
even as their own lives are offered in tribute.

Keep track of the number of models that are slain
within 12" of this model each turn. At the end
of each turn, roll a dice for each model that was
slain within 12" of this model during that turn.
For each 3+, the player whose turn is taking place
must pick 1 SLAVES TO DARKNESS unit wholly
within 18" of this model. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons
(excluding those of mounts) until that player’s
next hero phase. A unit cannot benefit from this
ability more than once per turn.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, EIGHTFOLD DOOM-SIGIL

Darkfire Daemonrift

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

DARKFIRE DAEMONRIFT

Darkfire Daemonrifts are eldritch portals torn ajar by the darkest of incantations. Once the veil has been sundered the
raw magic seeping from the Realm of Chaos forms an opening for the horrors beyond to vent their spite, widened and
empowered further by spellcraft that draws upon the essence of Chaos.

Fuelled by Sorcer y : A Darkfire Daemonrift

absorbs magical power, widening fur ther and
expelling more power ful gouts of ruinous energy
as it hungrily devours arcane energies.

Add 1 to the number of mortal wounds inflicted
by this endless spell for each WIZARD and each
other ENDLESS SPELL within 12" of this model
after it has moved.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Darkfire Daemonrift is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Darkfire Daemonrift is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 12" and
can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Darkfire Daemonrift: Reciting the

names of ancient daemonic entities in the Dark
Tongue,
the sorcerer focuses their will to wrench
the veil between the realms and the essence of
Chaos wide open.

Summon Darkfire Daemonrift has a casting

value of 6. Only SLAVES TO DARKNESS

WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell. If
successfully cast, set up a Darkfire Daemonrift
model wholly within 9" of the caster.

Reality Screams: Once the skin of reality has been
breached it is difficult to close, and so Darkfire
Daemonrifts seem to move at random – the crack
‘healing’
in one place only to suddenly reappear
and vent a gout of mutative witchflame elsewhere.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Billowing Energies: From the maw of a Darkfire
Daemonrift foul predators from beyond unleash
streams of Chaotic energy on their hapless v ictims.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across, and each other
unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its move,
suffers D3 mortal wounds.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, DARKFIRE DAEMONRIFT


PAGEBREAK
Realmscourge Rupture

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLL

118

REALMSCOURGE RUPTURE

Even by the standards of Chaos sorceries, Realmscourge Ruptures are not subtle weapons. When the necessar y
magical power has been channelled and released by a tribal shaman, the land itself writhes in the grip of Chaos,
sharpened spikes surging forth like an accursed tidal wave to overwhelm anything in their path.

DESCRIPTION

A Realmscourge Rupture is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Realmscourge Rupture is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 9"
and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Realmscourge Rupture: Slamming

their staff against the ear th, the sorcerer calls
forth the power of a Realmscourge Rupture.

Summon Realmscourge Rupture has a casting

value of 7. Only SLAVES TO DARKNESS

WIZARDS can attempt
to cast this spell.
If successfully cast, set up a Realmscourge
Rupture model wholly within 9" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Oncoming Annihilation: Once a

Realmscourge Rupture has been conjured and
let loose, it is almost impossible to stop.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Tide of Ruin: Realmscourge Ruptures surge
across the battlefield as an inevitable wave of
death, their jagged spikes retracting into the
ear th only to erupt once more fur ther along the
path of destruction.

Whenever you set up a Realmscourge Rupture,
you must place it widthways in the direction
you wish it to move. Whenever it moves, move
it in a straight line in that direction (it cannot
move backwards).

Debilitating Shockwave: The vicious spikes

that erupt from an onrushing Realmscourge
Rupture not only impale any unfortunate
enough to be struck by them, but also send those
nearby staggering through the tremors that rock
the tortured ear th.

After this model has moved, each unit that
has any models it passed across, and each
other unit that is within 1" of it at the end of its
move, suffers D3 mortal wounds.

In addition, until the end of the battle round,
halve the Move characteristic of each unit
that has any models it passed across, and each
other unit that is within 1" of it at the end of
its move.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, REALMSCOURGE RUPTURE

The magic of the Dark Gods floods the battlefield with malefic energy, twisting the realms into an image more pleasing to the Ruinous Powers.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum and maximum unit sizes, and battlefield roles for the warscrolls
and warscroll battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows
you to take a minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points.
Larger units are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you
multiplied their size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for
a maximum sized unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an
army. A unit that has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Slaves to
Darkness army. Updated December 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an
earlier publication date or no publication date.

119

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

WARSCROLL

Chaos Marauders
Chaos Warriors
Chaos Warshrine
Mutalith Vortex Beast
Slaughterbrute
Soul Grinder
Archaon the Everchosen
Chaos Lord on Manticore
Chaos Sorcerer Lord on Manticore
Be’ lakor
Chaos Lord
Chaos Lord on Daemonic Mount
Chaos Lord on Karkadrak
Chaos Sorcerer Lord
Slaves to Darkness Daemon Prince
Darkoath Chieftain
Darkoath Warqueen
Exalted Hero of Chaos
Gaunt Summoner on Disc of
Tzeentch
Ogroid Myrmidon
Theddra Skull-Scryer

Godsworn Hunt

Chaos Chariots

Chaos Chosen

Chaos Knights

Chaos Marauder Horsemen

Cor vus Cabal
Cypher Lords
Slaves to Darkness Chaos Spawn
Fomoroid Crusher
Furies
Gorebeast Chariots
Iron Golems
Mindstealer Sphiranx
Raptor yx
Spire Tyrants
Splintered Fang
The Unmade
Untamed Beasts

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline
Battleline
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader

Leader
Leader

Unique

Unique

Unique. These units
must be taken as a
set for a total of 130
points. Although
taken as a set, each is a
separate unit.
Battleline in Slaves to
Darkness army

Battleline in Slaves to
Darkness army
Battleline in Slaves to
Darkness army

20
5
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1
1

5

1

5

5

5

9
8
1
1
6
1
8
1
6
9
10
9
9

40
30
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1

1

1
1

5

3

20

20

30

36
32
6
1
30
3
32
1
30
36
40
36
36

150
100
170
170
170
210
800
280
260
240
110
170
250
110
210
90
90
90

260

140
70

60

120

140

180

90

70
70
50
100
100
150
70
100
90
70
70
70
70


PAGEBREAK
120

SLAVES TO DARKNESS

WARSCROLL

UNIT SIZE

MIN

MAX

POINTS

BATTLEFIELD ROLE

NOTES

Battleline in Slaves to
Darkness army if all
units are HOST OF

THE EVERCHOSEN

Varanguard

Bloodmarked Warband
Chaos Horde
Fatesworn Warband
Godsworn Champions of Ruin
Godswrath Warband
Overlords of Chaos
Plaguetouched Warband
Pleasurebound Warband
Ruinbringer Warband
Eightfold Doom-Sigil
Darkfire Daemonrift
Realmscourge Rupture

3

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1

12

-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
1
1
1

300

180
140
180
180
180
120
180
160
140
40
50
60

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Endless Spell
Endless Spell
Endless Spell

FACTION

Slaves to Darkness

ALLIES

Beasts of Chaos, Khorne, Tzeentch, Nurgle, Slaanesh


PAGEBREAK
EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

EXPLORE THE DIGITAL RANGE

RULES AND BATTLETOMES

The Age of Sigmar is an epic setting populated by myriad armies, powerful heroes and magnificent
monsters. It plays host to vast, realm-spanning wars between the forces of Order and Chaos,
Destruction and Death. Read on to explore these battle-torn landscapes and learn of the many peoples
and creatures of the realms.

WARHAMMER AGE OF
SIGMAR CORE BOOK

The Mortal Realms have been ground beneath
the iron heel of the Dark Gods. These monstrous
deities once believed their final victory to be
near, yet they have underestimated the forces
of Order that stand against them. Across the
realms, bolts of energy deliver Sigmar’s heroic
Stormcast Eternals into battle as the Pantheon of
Order gathers its strength. With new cities and
fortresses raised in the wake of each conquest,
civilisation takes root once more. Yet from the
shadow of progress, new and deathly evils come
into the light…

This book tells the epic story of the Age of Sigmar,
from mythic beginnings to an arcane apocalypse,
and provides you with exciting ways to forge your
own legends. Inside you will find showcases of
Citadel Miniatures, epic stories, and detailed maps
of the Mortal Realms – as well as rules that bring
your Warhammer Age of Sigmar battles to life on
the tabletop.

CHAOS BATTLETOME:
HEDONITES OF SLAANESH

Of all the evil forces in the realms, the Hedonites
of Slaanesh take the most pleasure in the
carnage they wreak…

Run swiftly,
for the Hedonites of Slaanesh are
on the hunt. These twisted sensation-seekers
claim to want their absent god to take his place
in the Pantheon of Chaos once more, but in truth
their obsessions and dark deeds are ends unto
themselves. In battle, these daemons and their
mortal allies turn acts of blood-letting into works
of art. Empowered by their own depravity,
the
Hedonites become unstoppable.


PAGEBREAK
CHAOS BATTLETOME:
BLADES OF KHORNE

All dread the coming of the Blades of Khorne.

Savage howls rise above brazen war horns and horrifying chants
demanding blood and skulls. Manifestations of primal rage and
relentless bloodlust, the daemon and mortal followers of the Lord
of Battle surge forwards like an unstoppable red tide. Cruel axes
and jagged blades lash out to hew limbs, lop off heads and send
showers of gore splattering across the battlefield. Only slaughter,
the destruction of hated sorcerers, and the skulls of champions
are tributes worthy of mighty Khorne’s favour.

GENERAL’S HANDBOOK 2019

A guide to playing games in the Mortal Realms. Packed
with inspiration and brimming with battles, this volume
explores all kinds of new and interesting ways for you to enjoy
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

This book expands on the Warhammer Age of Sigmar core rules
to support an array of gaming styles that suit all hobbyists, from
casual collectors who play occasional games with their friends
to veteran warriors who spend years honing their forces for
competitive tournaments.

WARHAMMER AGE OF SIGMAR:
WARCRY CORE BOOK

From across the Mortal Realms, disparate warbands make
the dark pilgrimage to the Eightpoints. The cursed and the
damned are drawn by the Call of the Everchosen. These
cannibal tribespeople, tyrannical despots and ambitious cut-
throats have dedicated their souls to the Chaos Gods. They
now seek to earn the favour of mighty Archaon, Exalted Grand
Marshal of the Apocalypse, and a place within his unholy
legions. Yet others also brave the monster-haunted wilds of
this cursed domain – questing knights, tormented spirits,
battle-obsessed brutes and countless more. Some are driven by
duty, others by avarice or an overwhelming desire for revenge.

Warcry is a tabletop skirmish wargame in which two or more
players control rival warbands of Citadel Miniatures, each with
their own unique weapons, warriors and abilities. This book
contains the core rules for Warcry, as well as rules for open play,
narrative play, matched play and more. Inside, you will also find
information on the Eightpoints and its twisted denizens, along
with an inspiring miniatures showcase.


PAGEBREAK
