
PAGEBREAK
Alarielle was wakened to wander alone,
searching for a people that were long lost. In her
travels she fell
in love with Ghyran, the Realm
of Life. Inspired by its bounteous paradise, she
brought into existence the Sylvaneth, growing
them from soulpods and tending the seedling
groves as a mother nurses her children. Each of
her creations was a blend of barkflesh and life
magic, enriched by the arcane nutrients of the
ground in which they were planted, and imbued
with echoes of her spirit-song.

None were more attached to the lands than the
Sylvaneth and Alarielle. Peace and harmony
reigned, and to preserve it the goddess
joined Sigmar’s Pantheon, helping to build
new civilisations. The Sylvaneth propagated,
spreading across Ghyran and out into all
the
Mortal Realms. Then came the Age of Chaos.

The minions of the Dark Gods tore down all
that was built. Sigmar’s Pantheon was shattered,
and the God-King himself retreated behind
locked gates to the Realm of Heavens. Left
to
survive the onslaught, Alarielle and her children
fought on alone. They were worn down and
beaten back,
forced to retreat into hiding. As
their lands fared, so fared they, and Ghyran
grew more corrupted and befouled by the day.

Yet a new age has dawned. Sigmar has returned,
his Stormcast Eternals leading the counter-
attack. The life goddess herself has been reborn,
bringing with her a new cycle. As the Sylvaneth
were once driven back, so do they now conquer,
reclaiming many places of power. Yet new
threats loom – the undead sweep the lands, and
the Bad Moon rises. Her people would retreat
once again… but this she cannot allow.

The Time of Sorrows is over. Now is a time for
reaping,
for the Season of War has begun.


PAGEBREAK
CONTENTS

THE SYLVANETH ................4

NATURE’S VENGEANCE .....4

A TIME OF NEW DAWN.............8

HOST OF THE EVERQUEEN . . .56

THE WAR OF LIFE .....................10

SEASON OF WAR ......................12

THE FOREST HOSTS .................14

THE SOUL WARS .......................16

THE GREAT CYCLES .................18

A NATURAL ORDER ................22

WARGROVES .............................24

Oakenbrow Glade .........................25
Gnarlroot Glade ............................26
Harvestboon Glade.......................27
Ironbark Glade ..............................28
Winterleaf Glade ...........................28
Dreadwood Glade .........................29
Heartwood Glade..........................29
Alarielle the Everqueen................30
Free Spirits .....................................35
Outcasts ..........................................38
Forest Folk......................................40

PAINTING YOUR
SYLVANETH ..............................58

FORCES OF THE
SYLVANETH ......................64

Allegiance Abilities ......................65
Battle Traits....................................65
Command Traits ...........................66
Artefacts of Power ........................67
Spell Lores ......................................69
Awakened Wyldwood ..................70
Oakenbrow.....................................72
Gnarlroot........................................74
Heartwood .....................................75
Ironbark..........................................76
Winterleaf ......................................77
Dreadwood.....................................78
Harvestboon ..................................79
Battleplan: Awaken the Groves . .80
Path to Glory .................................82
Sylvaneth Warband Tables ..........84

WARSCROLLS ..........................86

Wargrove ........................................86
Free Spirits .....................................88

Lords of the Clan ..........................88
Household ......................................89
Forest Folk......................................89
Outcasts ..........................................89
Alarielle the Everqueen................90
Drycha Hamadreth ......................92
Spirit of Durthu.............................93
Treelord Ancient ...........................94
Treelord ..........................................95
Arch-Revenant ..............................96
Branchwych ...................................97
Branchwraith.................................97
Y lthari .............................................98
Ylthari’s Guardians ......................98
Tree-Revenants..............................99
Spite-Revenants.............................99
Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Greatswords ................100
Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Greatbows ....................100
Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Scythes .........................101
Dryads ..........................................101
Gladewyrm ..................................102
Spiteswarm Hive .........................102
Vengeful Skullroot......................102

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES .................................104

DESIGNED BY GAMES WORKSHOP IN NOTTINGHAM

With thanks to The Faithful for their additional playtesting services.

Order Battletome : Sy lvaneth © Copyr ight Games Workshop Limited 2019. Order Battletome : Sy lvaneth , GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, Stormcast Eterna ls ,
and a l l associated logos, i l lustrat ions , images , names , creatures , races , vehicles, locations, weapons, characters , and the d ist inct ive l ikenesses thereof, are either ® or
TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited , variably registered around the world. A l l Rights Reserved .

No part of th is publication may be reproduced, stored in a retr ieva l system, or transm itted in any form or by any means , electronic , mechan ica l , photocopying ,
recording or o therw ise , without the prior permission of the publishers .

This is a work of fiction. A l l the characters and events portrayed in th is book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidenta l .

British Cata loguing-in-Pub lication Data. A cata logue record for th is book is available from the British Library. Pictures used for i l lustrat ive purposes only.

Cer ta in Citadel products may be dangerous if used incorrect ly and Games Workshop does not recommend them for use by children under the age of 16 without
adult supervision . Whatever your age, be care fu l when using glues, bladed equipment and sprays and make sure that you read and follow the instruct ions on
the packag ing .

ISBN: 978-1-78826-531-7

Games Workshop Ltd., Willow Road, Lenton, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom

games-workshop.com


PAGEBREAK
The forest comes to life in all its verdant glory as the Sylvaneth march to war, bringing death and
destruction to those who seek to despoil the wild places of the realms.


PAGEBREAK
THE SYLVANETH

THE SYLVANETH

They are the watchers in the wood, the gale that howls through forest canopies. They are the fury of the wild
places. As changeable as the weather, as merciless as nature itself, they are the Sylvaneth, vengeful forest spirits of
terrifying power, and to any who enter their lands unbidden, they are death.

Even the bravest of warriors have
learned to fear the vast tracts
of woodland that can be found
throughout the Mortal Realms.
Surrounded by trees, it is all too
easy to get disoriented and lost,
but there is a more primal dread at
work. In the forest, one can never
be sure what is lurking just out of
sight. Sounds are muffled, yet noises
seem to come from everywhere – the
snapping of twigs, a sinister rustling
of leaves, and a creaking in the wind-
stirred canopy above. Enemies could
lie behind any twisted cluster of
vines, with arrows nocked or sharp
teeth bared in hungry anticipation.
Many who enter such environments
never come out again, and thus
do the wise learn to shun the deep
woods of the wilderness.

Behind many of the myths and
superstitions surrounding the
Wyldwoods are the Sylvaneth. The
term ‘Sylvaneth’ covers a host of
different creatures, all of which
are the offspring of the goddess
Alarielle, Queen of the Radiant
Wood. It was she who planted them
all, growing each from seeds that
sprouted forth to produce all manner
of new creations. Originating in
Ghyran – the Realm of Life – the
Sylvaneth remain strongest there,
but have since spread outwards
to inhabit all the Mortal Realms.
Wherever they go, the Sylvaneth seek
out vitality-rich areas. They make
their homes within deep forests and
places of natural wonder where life
magic gathers, for they themselves
are creatures shaped by an arcane
blending of flesh, bark and sinew
infused with the living boughs of the
Wyldwood and elder spirits.

The Sylvaneth are at one with their
forest homes, attuned to their
environments in ways beyond the
ken of other mortals. It is a symbiotic
relationship, and as the forests
flourish, so too do the Sylvaneth. The
way they move in and out of even the
densest terrain seems nothing short

of supernatural to outsiders. All
children of Alarielle, from towering
Treelords to the most gnarled of
Branchwraiths, are connected by the
spirit-song. No matter the distance
they are from Ghyran or each other,
they remain linked by the haunting
melody that courses through them.
The un ify ing energies of the spirit-
song bind the Sylvaneth to the land
and other members of their race, so
that they live and fight as one people.

After ages of battle, the Sylvaneth
have grown untrusting of others,
becoming aggressive in their
protection of their forest homes.
At a moment’s notice they stand
ready to defend or march out of
their arboreal sanctuaries and go
to war. Sylvaneth wargroves – the
term used to describe their armies
– advance with a speed which
rivals that of the cavalry of other
forces. Even clad in thick bark and
with bodies of knotted heartwood,
creatures such as Dryads, Treelords
and Tree-Revenants move with a
flowing grace, bending and swaying
like branches in the wind. Yet any
who suppose the willowy limbs of
the tree creatures are weak are soon
proven wrong.

The gnarled hands of Treelords
are more than capable of crushing
even heavily armoured foes,
such as Ironjaw orruks , into an

unrecognisable mass of crumpled
metal, pulped flesh and splintered
bone. Their massive talons
batter apart shield walls with
contemptuous ease, while their
strangleroots shoot outwards to
spear through helmet visors or snake
through chainmail links , puncturing
and stabbing into the vulnerable
flesh beneath.

The bulk of most Sylvaneth
wargroves is composed of Forest
Folk – that is, Dryads and their
spiritual leaders, the Branchwraiths.
Although once they may have been
peace-loving creatures, content to
tend the wild places of the realms,
that all changed with the coming of
Chaos. Forced to defend themselves
and their sacred sites, the Dryads
have become battle-hardened.
They prefer hit-and-run tactics,
charging out of dense forest to strike
before fading back into the thickets
so quickly that the foe can offer
little reprisal.

The Sylvaneth known as Noble
Spirits have always been more
martial . They are the commanders
and champions, the warrior class
of their people. The rulers of the
clans are the Treelords and Treelord
Ancients, mighty creatures who
tower over the battlefield. In addition
to possessing tremendous strength
and resilience, Treelords amplify
the power of the spirit-song, while
the Ancients are masterful wielders
of life magic, which they can use to
cause Wyldwoods – sentient forests
suffused with powerful spirits – to
rise suddenly from the battlefield.

Tree-Revenants are Noble Spirits
that form the standing armies of the
Sylvaneth. Appearing as a mixture
of aelf and tree, these warriors fight
with elegant yet deadly enchanted
blades. Branchwyches serve as
warrior matriarchs, sorceresses of
the wood that can summon swarms
of spites – small, faerie-like creatures
that harry, sting and harass foes.


PAGEBREAK
The tree creatures known as Free
Spirits do not belong to any of the
clans, but instead answer directly
to the goddess Alarielle. When the
Sylvaneth spirit-song calls for war,
the Free Spirits muster to aid their
kin. At their head come the Spirits of
Durthu – Treelords lit by a mystical
inner fire that radiates life magic,
and can be channelled through their
massive blades in a powerful blast.
The Kurnoth Hunters are beings
possessed of both great strength and
agility who fight with blade, bow or
scythe , while the Arch-Revenants
are martial , aelf-like champions
borne to war upon the wings of
symbiotic zephyrspites, allowing
them to perform swift and savage
aerial assaults.

Strangest of all Sylvaneth are the
shunned ones – the Outcasts. Spite-
Revenants are sinister beings that are
a dark reflection of their kin. They
cannot hear the spirit-song, save only
when it calls for war. During such
times, they join the clans for battle,
where their bitter hatred makes them
fierce combatants. However, their
cruel and unnatural nature means
that they are unwelcome amongst
the Sylvaneth during times of peace.
Of the horrors committed by the
leader of the Outcasts – Drycha
Hamadreth – the woodland folk
speak only in dreadful whisper.

For the most critical of battles,
Alarielle the Everqueen leads the
Sylvaneth herself. She wears the
raiment of war and wields weapons
that were ancient when the Age of

Myth was young. Alarielle rides to
battle upon the back of a gigantic
wardroth beetle, and where she
passes the enemy fall before her like
wheat before the scythe , while in
her wake new life blossoms green
and bountiful.

SYLVANETH AND THE
ALLIANCE OF ORDER
Most Sylvaneth are noble beings,
and all are staunch enemies of
Chaos. In the past, Alarielle has
acted alongside Sigmar as part of his
pantheon, and her children entered
into the Alliance of Order. Yet for all
that, the Sylvaneth are still greatly
misunderstood and even feared by
other races of their confederation.
To humans, duardin and aelves the
Sylvaneth seem inconstant, their
deeds strange. Indeed, the Sylvaneth
are a living dichotomy. On the one
hand they appear as gentle shepherds
of the deepwood, fey caretakers
of growing things and protectors

of sacred sites. This side of their
racial personality is fu l l of beauty,
enchanting magics and wonders
of nature. Their other aspect is far
more sinister, that of the inhuman
stalkers who haunt the woods, cruel
and terrifying warriors who strike
unseen and k i l l without warning.

The Sylvaneth are not moved by base
mortal desires such as amassing
plunder or reaping glory. Instead,
they are driven to safeguard their
places of power and to ensure the
continuation of the natural cycles
of the Mortal Realms. Outsiders
are often unaware of the mystical
seasons that shift and alter the
Sylvaneth, making the forest beings
seem mysterious and mercurial,
wild creatures that are capricious or
cruel. The Sylvaneth can thus prove
difficult allies, for their motivations
often conflict with those they are
fighting alongside. For their part, the
Sylvaneth find that no others share
or even understand their concern
for the lands they inhabit and the
profound rhythms of existence. Pacts
between mortals and forest folk
rarely stand the test of time.

For a long age, the Sylvaneth had to
fight a losing war, forced by endless
defeats to hide, striking back from
scattered pockets of resistance using
guerrilla tactics. Yet extinction has
not proven to be their fate, for at last
the seasons have changed. Alongside
their new allies, the Stormcast
Eternals, the Sylvaneth are resurgent,
and have begun to reclaim their
ancestral lands.

Long were the withering years, and great the
miseries that the Sylvaneth endured. Their
endless song grew mournful, and much was lost
that could never be replaced. Rotblight took the Spire
of Emerald Dreams. The City of Fronds was burned
to ash. Crawling things wormed through the Pristine
Heart, and brought dreaming Lilandyr to ruin.
But every waning has its bloom. Every death brings
life anew. The cycle turns and turns again, and hope
springs up once more.
From amidst the bloody loam of war it grew, a seed
of power. By magic it had been purified. By the lives
of beloved ones it had been saved. By the hand of a
champion had it been sown. And now, in the darkest
hour, that seed sprouted forth the goddess renewed.
Alarielle was reborn, and her children rejoiced. No

longer was she a bitter and waning thing, but instead
a goddess of war, full-formed and at the height of her
powers. With her coming, the spirit-song swelled.
Harmonies rose and twined like the branches of some
mighty tree. It was a song of vengeance, a song of
rebirth, a song of rage. It was a song of war, and from
its spiralling chorus, the Sylvaneth drew strength and
mustered for battle anew.
All across the Mortal Realms, the Sylvaneth stirred.
New life filled them. Shimmering life-motes lit the
soulpod groves. The thrum of fierce joy and vengeful
anger filled Alarielle’s children. They would be victims
no more. Now, the Wyldwoods would be roused to
wrath, the invaders be driven out and the lands
cleansed of taint. Now, the Sylvaneth would rise again
as all joined the song of war.


PAGEBREAK
Those who dare to trespass near the Wyldwoods must be prepared to face what lies hidden beneath their boughs.
To tread – even unknowingly – in close proximity to a Sylvaneth sacred site is to risk their wrath and invite death.
With no warning and impossible swiftness, the woods themselves seem to come alive as the wargroves march out.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
A TIME OF NEW DAWN

A TIME OF NEW DAWN

Early on in the Age of Myth, Alarielle was discovered and awoken by the God-King Sigmar as he journeyed across
the newly formed Mortal Realms. At first the Everqueen was heartsick, lonely for her lost people from the world-
that-was. Yet with every stride she took in her new world, Alarielle gained strength.

For a long time Alarielle walked the
wilds of Ghyran alone, exploring the
many wonders of the bountiful new
lands in which she found herself.
Although grateful to Sigmar for
awakening her, Alarielle desired
the company of neither mortal nor
immortal, and she found solace
in nature alone. And here, in this
unknown place, was nature as she
had never seen it. Life and magic
abounded, blended into countless
shapes and forms. Alarielle spoke
to many creatures and plants, and
used her spells to nurture the flora
and fauna. Only when she tired of
solitude did the goddess sow her
most treasured artefacts – seeds that
she had saved from the lost world.

Where and when she planted each
seed was not without significance,
for the different conditions of each
sowing yielded new and amazing
creatures. Under her guidance

the first of the Sylvaneth grew to
maturity. Motherhood suited the
Everqueen, and she blossomed
once again. Only then did she seek
out Sigmar to thank him properly,
joining his pantheon and sharing
gifts of life magic with other realms.

During the days when Sigmar’s
Pantheon reigned, the Sylvaneth
spread until they ruled the greater
part of the vast realm of Ghyran.
They existed in harmony with nature
and – for the most part – with the
mortal tribes of the Jade Kingdoms.
Even in those days there were still
many dangers, including rampaging
beasts, hostile barbarian tribes,
and the always volatile greenskin
hordes. When troubles arose, the
courageous Noble Spirits crushed
each threat in turn, fu lf i l l ing their
role as protectors so that the Dryads
and Branchwraiths could continue to
nurture the lands and live in peace.

THE SPIRIT-SONG AND
REALMROOTS
All Sylvaneth are united by the
spirit-song, which echoes through
their souls from the moment they
are podborn. It flows between their
thoughts, courses through their
bodies, and echoes from their roots
into the land itself. The spirit-song is
impossible for most non-Sylvaneth to
comprehend, and can cause terrible
pain to those who try. It is as much
emotion and metaphor as it is a
harmony, and only the barest edge of
this phenomenon can be expressed
vocally. The more Sylvaneth who are
in close proximity to one another,
the greater the chorus swells.

Alarielle’s children draw comfort
and strength from this melodic
bond, and they know no greater
fear than becoming a single, lonely
voice amid the silence. Early on in
their history, to ensure they stayed


PAGEBREAK
in contact with each other and
with the spirit-song, the Sylvaneth
established realmroots throughout
Ghyran. These deep-burrowing roots
were magical in nature, and formed
paths along which the Sylvaneth
could communicate over immense
distances. The most powerful
amongst their kind were able to
transform into pure life magic
and flow along the realmroots to
reappear elsewhere.

THE GREAT SPREADING
Time passed, and Alarielle’s children
propagated widely. They made their
settlements – known as enclaves –
across all the Mortal Realms. Some
were simple clearings in the forest
known as heartglades, while others
were clusters of great halls whose
roofs were formed from twisting
limbs and boughs. Yet others were
dwellings sculpted into cliff faces
that lay behind cascading waterfalls.
Each enclave was different, and
located on a site rich in life magic.
Settlements in realms other than
Ghyran were more dangerous to the
Sylvaneth, and though the Noble
Spirits fought off most threats,

there was one hazard they could not
have planned for: once beyond the
Realmgates, they found themselves
cut off from the spirit-song.

Sylvaneth outside of Ghyran could
still perceive echoes of the spirit-
song, but largely found themselves to
be small islands of harmony amidst
a terrible silence. Some went mad,
while others fled back to the comfort
of their heartglades. Those Sylvaneth
who endured sought out sites where
life magic flowed the strongest, such
as verdant glens or near falling water.
In these places they planted soulpod
groves and sank new realmroots. The
latter proved able to traverse great
distances within a realm, but could
not connect different realms, as
could the Realmgates.

So grew the new enclaves. The
vast Hunter’s Moon, the Singing
Mountains, the Citycaverns of
Briardell and countless other
settlements joined the spirit-song
choir. Ghyran itself bloomed,
and natural wonders the like of
which had never been seen before
blossomed in the Realm of Life. And
then, Chaos came to all lands…

SOULPODS
Save for their mother goddess,
nothing is as sacred to the
Sylvaneth as their soulpods.
They are the wellsprings of life
enriched by the spirits of those
who have passed. Without
soulpods, Alarielle’s children
would die out.

Soulpods take many different
forms, for life delights in
variety. Even Alarielle does not
always know what wi l l grow
from each, but all stem from
her loves, hopes and dreams
given form. The eldest of them
are echoes of the world-that-
was, and within each lies a deep
and abiding magic, a force that
cleanses the lands in which they
grow. Soulpod groves exist at
the heart of every Sylvaneth
enclave, and whatever sprouts
there wi l l swell the Sylvaneth
ranks . It is for this reason that
the servants of Chaos seek to
destroy the soulpods with as
great a fervour as the Sylvaneth
defend them.


PAGEBREAK
THE WAR OF LIFE

THE WAR OF LIFE

The forces of Chaos invaded all of the Mortal Realms, but the war for control of Ghyran unleashed battles unlike
any other. For an age, Alarielle and her realm were battered, each pressed almost to extinction in a clash between
the fair and the repulsive, between that which is pure and that which is befouled.

Chaos came into each of the realms
in different ways. The War of Life
began with an unctuous slithering in
a lost, dank corner of Ghyran.

Nurgle, the Plague God, had long
coveted the life-rich realm of
Ghyran. Best known for his deadly
pestilences, it is oft forgotten that
Nurgle delights equally in the full ,
glorious cycle of life. A corpse can
still house masses of wriggling
maggots and contagions untold.
Indeed, from such seemingly barren
sources come some of the most
fecund of all creations.

With deliberate care, corruptions
from the Garden of Nurgle – the
foul god’s kingdom in the Realm
of Chaos – were allowed to seep
into Ghyran. There, tentacles of
obscenity burrowed and bred with
disturbing ebullience. So swiftly
did Nurgle’s spawn multiply that
tides of squirming terrors were
soon sweeping across the lands at
an unstoppable pace. Tapping into
and perverting rich veins of vital
life magic, it was not long before
Nurgle’s Plague Legions were
manifesting throughout the realm,
popping up like hideous buboes
upon the landscape.

Sensing the sudden and unnatural
rot, the Queen of the Radiant Wood
rose to repel the foul invasion
and launched dozens of different
campaigns. On a thousand fronts,
renewal battled entropy, healing
magic fought arcane infection.
Tallyband upon Tallyband of
Nurgle’s daemons trudged through
the Jade Kingdoms, the land
writhing and screaming beneath
their tainted tread. In response,
Alarielle and her Regents hurled
hundreds of clans into battle. The
conflicts were too many to count, but
some live on as legends, such as the
Last Stand of the Hawthorn or the
Fall of Dappelloren. On and on the
war ground. Weeks became months,
then years, then centuries – but still

the battles raged back and forth with
great victories and horrific defeats
upon both sides.

At first, Sylvaneth clans flooded
back into Ghyran from the other
Mortal Realms, surging through
Realmgates to aid their queen in her
time of need. But as the Age of Chaos
darkened, and corruptions spread,
those enclaves in the other realms
found themselves hard-pressed
even to stand to their own defence.
In other places, Realmgates were
captured or broken in the fighting,
and even those enclaves that wished
to send help found they could no
longer do so. So did the flow of
Sylvaneth reinforcements into
Ghyran dry up entirely. Alarielle
and her children fought on, never
knowing if they were the last of
their kind .

For seasons beyond measure, the
Queen of the Radiant Wood strove
to defend her domains, but as fares
Ghyran, so fares the Everqueen.
Though the Sylvaneth resisted
bravely, many magical places of
exquisite beauty were reduced to
tainted wastelands, heaped with the
kindlewood corpses of Sylvaneth
dead. The loss of her children was
a grievous blow to Alarielle, and to
see entire clans driven from their
homes and forced into a desperate,
hunted existence caused the mother
goddess untold anguish. Perhaps
worst of all were the betrayals, for
many of the human tribes of the
Jade Kingdoms – who worshipped
Alarielle in all her forms – turned
from her light in the hope that

Nurgle would spare them. Led by
Chaos-corrupted humans, Plague
Legions marched directly into the
Sylvaneth’s sacred sites so that soon
soulpod groves burned and ancient
places of power were corrupted. The
relic known as the Tear of Grace was
unveiled, but its power was twisted
out of true, forcing the Sylvaneth
to hide their weapon once again.
Even woodlands themselves were
contorted, twisted from their natural
shapes into horrible parodies. Rivers
congealed with filth. One by one the
great cities of the Everspring Swathe
fell, overcome by plagues, invaders
or both. Every day, the suffering of
her land and her followers sapped
Alarielle’s strength until, at last, she
became grieved and sorrow-haunted.

Still defiant, Alarielle led the last
enclaves of Sylvaneth into hiding.
The kings and queens of the glades
withdrew behind veils of sorcery and
misdirection. Here and there, fierce
war leaders still ventured out of their
sanctuaries, directing counter-
attacks against the myriad armies of
Nurgle, but their guerrilla assaults
were more for vengeance than for
any type of victory.

Alarielle herself finally broke
following a string of disasters that
included the Battle of Tears and
the slaughter that followed the Last
Hunt. Overcome by melancholy, she
fled to the hidden vale of Athelwyrd.
Concealed from Nurgle’s rheumy
gaze, the faded goddess had all but
accepted her defeat, rousing only
rarely to briefly rally against her
assailants. No longer wishing to
fight, she desired only to brood over
the echoes of glories past, giving in
to the mercurial nature of her people
and becoming more bitter by the
day. Blinded by her anguish, when
Alarielle learned that an old friend
was seeking her out, she wished only
for solitude. Hope itself had withered
within Ghyran, and for all intents
and purposes, the War of Life had
been lost.


PAGEBREAK
STORM OF SIGMAR
By the time Sigmar’s Tempest
broke across the Mortal Realms,
Nurgle had all but claimed Ghyran
for his own. Daemon Tallybands
and plague-ridden armies of
tainted humans roamed freely,
scouring the realm in search of
hidden Sylvaneth enclaves. The
lands themselves were beginning
to rot at the edges, as more and
more of the contaminations of the
Garden of Nurgle leaked into the
Jade Kingdoms.

As the war of reconquest rolled out
across the Mortal Realms, Sigmar
sent Stormcast Eternals to locate
the Queen of the Radiant Wood.
The God-King’s envoys sought his
allies of old, hoping to reform the
pantheon in a renewed alliance
against the Chaos Gods.

The Hallowed Knights were the
first Stormcast Eternals to enter
Ghyran, crashing down before the
Gates of Dawn, but others soon
followed. All searched the lands,
battling Chaos followers while
seeking the Everqueen. In some
cases, the actions of the warriors of
Sigmar soon found them fighting
alongside the scattered wargroves
that still resisted. However, such
instances were fleeting and proved
nothing to the Sylvaneth, for they
had long grown leery of outsiders.
Despite their aid, none offered the
Stormhosts any revelations about
the hidden location of their missing
mother goddess. And the meetings
between Sylvaneth and Stormcast

were not always cordial, for some of
Sigmar’s warriors approached too
closely to sacred grounds and were
met at best as trespassers, and at
worst as invaders.

Refusing to give up, the Hallowed
Knights led by Lord-Castellant
Lorrus Grymn overcame many
perils to at last find Alarielle.
Alas, in doing so, the Stormcasts
inadvertently led the hordes of
Nurgle straight to the goddess’ last
hiding place of Athelwyrd. The battle
that followed was brief and vicious.
Stirred to war, Alarielle fought, but
the enemy was too many and too
strong. In the end, the goddess was
forced to flee, escaping Athelwyrd
with a ragged band of Sylvaneth and
Stormcast Eternals.

The Lady of Vines, the Everqueen’s
Branchwraith handmaiden,
commanded the bodyguard that
had formed to protect her. It was the
Branchwraith that led them to the
Cascading Path – a remnant of the
broadest part of Ghyran’s realmroots
that allowed swift travel. Even this
ruse could not shake all those who
followed, eager to claim the goddess
in Nurgle’s name. It was at this
time that the goddess, overcome by
change, shrank to become a chrysalis
– Alarielle, the great grower herself,
reduced to a soulpod.

Many clashes followed in a series
of running battles. More Sylvaneth
came to aid their goddess, and
Sigmar hurled down more Stormcast
Eternals. The lands themselves

rose up to help Alarielle, and even
a Seraphon constellation led by an
ancient slann intervened. Through
heroic struggles the Lady of Vines
finally reached a place of purity to
plant her goddess’ soulpod, where
it could absorb glory, heroic deeds,
and vengeance.

ALARIELLE REBORN
Time flowed onwards, racing
away from the moment of
Alarielle’s planting like a
gushing river. Lives fell like
leaves from withered boughs,
dancing upon the foetid wind
before being swept away.
Ghyran cracked and crumbled
like parched earth in Nurgle’s
covetous grip. The War of
Life, once a raging forest fire,
was little but embers and ash,
smothered by rancid slurry.
And yet, a change was coming.
Rotting branches stiffened
with new life, fresh green
leaves unfurling. Waters that
had long churned with filth
ran clear and musical once
more. Cool breezes blew from
hidden dells, thick with the
scent of wildflowers and pine
sap. Gradually, the influence of
Alarielle was felt, a burgeoning
of life, a breathless pause before
the plunge.

And then came the moment of
sudden bloom. The Queen of
the Radiant Wood was reborn.

THE LADY OF VINES

The Lady of Vines is Alarielle’s seneschal, and one of her greatest generals. The Branchwraith is quite
literally the right hand of her queen, cut from Alarielle’s wrist and nurtured into a courageous and
skilled lieutenant. The goddess sprouted a new hand soon enough, for her veins sing with the magic
of life, and the sacrifice was worth making – in creating her favoured daughter from the stuff of her
own body, she ensured unquestioning loyalty. Gnarled and weathered by centuries of war, the Lady
of Vines never faltered in her prosecution of the War of Life. She improvised her own commands
when her beloved mother receded into melancholy, and stood as the foremost defender of the
Shimmertarn for many years. No matter how bleak things became, the Branchwraith never
allowed the embers of hope to die. The doubts that Nurgle sent to worm their way into the
heartwood of all who served Alarielle were swiftly burned away by the radiant vigour and certainty
that permeated her being. That fire was kindled anew by the arrival of the Stormcast Eternals, for in
them she saw a chance to spark a change in Alarielle and bestir her from despondency. In this, the
Lady of Vines proved correct, although the heroic acts of protecting the soulpod-phase of Alarielle
cost the Branchwraith her life. However, one of the Everqueen’s first acts upon her rebirth was to grow
a new incarnation of her most loyal servant, and so the Lady of Vines lives once more.


PAGEBREAK
SEASON OF WAR

SEASON OF WAR

Although the final piece of total triumph – capturing Alarielle – had eluded Nurgle, the Lord of Decay’s grip upon
Ghyran was nearly complete. Yet the newly risen goddess had gone through a metamorphosis, and had shaken off
the malaise that had sapped her will. Would her new vitality be enough to change the war’s course?

waterfalls rich in the magics of
Ghyran. It was the largest of these
cascades that formed the portal
that led to the Allpoints. That had
been long ago, before the coming
of Chaos. Since then, the Genesis
Gate had morphed into something
far more horrible. Now known as
the Landshoals, the floating islands
drifted free, their spillage corrupting
all lands they passed over. The isles
themselves had mutated, twisting
to look like immense jellyfish that
trailed foul tentacles beneath their
bulbous shapes. Flesh-like domes
grew over their surfaces, acting as
sails to keep the isles moving while
trapping toxin-filled air within.
Sylvaneth of the Oakenbrow Glade
had made many attempts to win back
the Genesis Gate, hoping to stem the
tides of Chaos filth, but all had ended
in failure. Now, led by Alarielle in
her fu l l war guise and allied with
many other glades and the Stormcast
Eternals, they would try again.

Alarielle rose again, birthed from
the soil of fallen heroes and watered
by the lifesap of her own champion.
In her anger she sent forth a pulse,
a wave of pure life magic that
coursed through the realms. As her
energies cleared the miasmatic fug
that enveloped the land, the waning
sun shone through. Radiant once
more, Alarielle sang her new song.
Gone were all signs of defeat and
despondency, and in their place was
anger and vengeance. Thus did the
Season of War begin.

Alarielle called a great muster, a
war gathering not seen for an age.
Her spirit-song summoned the
wargroves of every glade to her side.
The disbanded Sons of Durthu,
Alarielle’s bodyguard of old, also
heeded that command, travelling
from far distant realms. Free Spirits
moved in droves, and from the
shadows came Outcasts, eager to join
the call to war. In a solemn moment
the Everqueen took up that which
remained of Kurnoth – a shining
spear that bore the last energies of
the Hunter God.

This was not the time for sorrows,
however. A Royal Moot was called,
and the Regents of the Glades
themselves attended in person, or
at least in part, for several sent a
detachable portion of themselves
as the bulk of their personage was
simply too deeply rooted to move.
Alarielle sent for Sigmar as well,
and the God-King despatched his
armies alongside his champion, the
Celestant-Prime. When all were
gathered, war councils were held. It
was Alarielle’s wish – despite some
protests from her own factions
about outsiders – to ally once more
with Sigmar.

Across the realms, Sigmar’s
Stormhosts were attempting to seize
control of key Realmgates from
the followers of Chaos. It was their
plan to pin the enemy in place, deny
them reinforcements, and take back

vital lands one by one, all the while
attempting to free enslaved peoples
and rally more forces of Order to
their cause. Their next targets were
the All-gates.

The most coveted command point in
the Mortal Realms was the Allpoints,
a vast island that existed in the void
between realms. From that strange
land were Realmgates leading to each
of the Eight Realms, so that whoever
controlled the Allpoints had access
to all lands. Over the ages, many
battles had been fought over the site,
and since the early days of the Age of
Chaos it had served as headquarters
for the greatest of Chaos Champions,
Archaon. The followers of Chaos –
who saw the inter-realm island as a
vast eight-pointed star – knew it as
the Eightpoints, and there was built
the Varanspire, Archaon’s seat of
power and the proving ground for
his vaunted Varanguard. Portals
in the Varanspire’s highest towers
led to the Realm of Chaos, making
it a prime place from which the
anarchic energies and daemon
legions of Chaos flowed freely out
into the Mortal Realms via the
connecting Realmgates.

It was now Sigmar’s hope to take
the strongholds that guarded the
Realmgates leading to the Allpoints.
The name of the Realmgate in
Ghyran was the Genesis Gate, and
Alarielle was quick to join forces
with the Stormcast Eternals and
assail the Chaos defences that
surrounded it. Even Sylvaneth who
were normally leery of allying with
other forces were overjoyed to see
their queen risen once more, and all
were in awe of her new incarnation.
So were the wargroves eager to
assemble and march to battle.

THE GENESIS GATE
Once, the Genesis Gate had been
at the centre of a glorious series of
anchored shimmerfalls, floating
islands that issued forth powerful


PAGEBREAK
Standing against the Sylvaneth and
their celestial allies were many Chaos
armies, all under the command of
the Glottkin, a gruesome trio of
brothers each gifted foul powers by
Nurgle himself. Seven fortresses
– the fabled Ring of Corruption –
guarded seven openings that led to
Nurgle’s most valued prize in all the
realm. A central keep, known as the
Dripping Fortress, floated above the
Genesis Gate itself.

‘I call upon sun and wind – let

the

filth be cleansed from the lands. Now

is not

the time to count

the cost of

victory, nor to weep over our losses,

for it

is the Season of War. Now is

the time to make our foes pay for

the evil

they have wrought. Let your

vengeance flow like a flood tide.’

- Alarielle, Queen of

the

Radiant Wood

The battles that followed were bitter
and hard-fought. At last, Alarielle
had a chance to release her pent-up
rage and frustration, and she led the
wargroves to smash down the Ring
of Corruption and storm their way
to the Dripping Fortress. Not even

the Glottkin could prevent Alarielle
from reaching the Genesis Gate and
using her purifying magic to seal
the Realmgate, halting the influx
of Chaos. At long last, the tide had
changed in the War of Life.

THE SEEDS OF HOPE
The battle to reclaim the Genesis
Gate was only the beginning, and
was soon followed by Alarielle’s
campaign to seize the lands of
Thyria. Across Ghyran, hundreds
of battle fronts opened, and each
day saw Nurgle’s grip upon the Jade
Kingdoms wane further. A new
wind blew as wargroves marched to
reconquer their lost lands.

During this time the three cities
known as the Seeds of Hope were
established. Raised with impossible
quickness with the help of Alarielle’s
life magic, the cities of Greywater
Fastness, the Living City and the
Phoenicium sprang into existence,
and were settled by tribes of men
and the Everqueen’s new allies from
Azyrheim. The War of Life was far
from over, but it was now being
fought on equal terms as the signs of
civilisation sprang back to Ghyran.

THE LIVING CITY
Raised by Lady Alarielle the
Everqueen from the stone
and ironoak of the Jade
Kingdom, the Living City is
a natural bulwark against the
savage powers of the realms,
and a symbol of coexistence
between Azyr and Ghyran. A
mighty woodland city ringed
by thorn-studded towers and
walls of choking vines, it was
the first of the so-called ‘Seeds
of Hope’ to be founded. These
three fortified cities would find
themselves under siege by the
forces of darkness during the
Season of War. After a vicious
campaign, the battle was won,
as the city itself stirred to life
to crush and tear its foes apart.
In the wake of this victory the
boughs of the Living City have
continued to reach outwards,
forming new perimeter walls
of venom-tipped thorns and
canopy-districts of winding,
oaken pathways. Artisans flock
to the Living City, fashioning
wondrous artefacts and
weapons from sturdy ironoak.


PAGEBREAK
THE FOREST HOSTS

THE FOREST HOSTS

The Sylvaneth are unique within the Mortal Realms, and so too are the armies with which they wage war. The
wargroves are able to move and strike with impressive speed, and their attacks are coordinated and launched with
a unison almost unheard of by other forces.

In the blink of an eye, what appears
to be the edge of a silent forest
can suddenly become far more
menacing. Without so much as a leaf
falling from the canopy, a sway of a
tree trunk or the crack of a branch,
an entire Sylvaneth wargrove can
spring forth from out of cover, ready
to do battle.

So fluid and coordinated is the
mustering of a Sylvaneth wargrove
that it can, to outsiders, appear to be
a spontaneous natural phenomenon
rather than the premeditated actions
of sentient beings. In truth, this is
not the case. It is the response to a
call to arms issued by a powerful
Noble Spirit – be it a clan leader, one
of the Regents of the Glades or even
Alarielle herself.

To assemble a wargrove, the forest
spirit who wi l l lead the army sends
forth the song of war. Around them,
shivering on the air and thrumming
through the bones of the land, the
spirit-song takes on compelling
notes of violence. Within the minds
of those who hear it, feelings of anger
twine jaggedly into images of battle
and wordless calls for vengeance and
fealty. It is possible for a Sylvaneth
to refuse the song’s summons,
although few would choose to do so.
Amongst Alarielle’s children, loyalty
is a deep-rooted instinct, and when
called to war, the Sylvaneth abandon
all other endeavours, even if they
are a vast distance away. Clans are
drawn to their own glade’s war-song
first and foremost, Harvestboon
to Harvestboon and Gnarlroot to
Gnarlroot, though it is not unheard
of for clans to join the musters of
other glades.

The strongest songs – those sung
in places of power or by Alarielle –
summon clans from many glades,
and it is then that the Sylvaneth are
at their mightiest. Such gatherings
can take days or weeks to complete,
often occurring in stages as bands of
Free Spirits converge upon the regal

being that uttered the song of war.
Outcasts – the shunned ones – stalk
the shadows at the muster’s edge,
while Treelord Ancients make their
way through the growing throng,
committing faces and names to
memory that they might better
sing of the battle to come. The tiny
creatures known as spites scamper
to join the assembly, chattering
to one another or aping the
patrolling sentries.

With every new band of Sylvaneth
that joins the gathering, the spirit-
song swells. When the mustering is
done, the song rises to a shattering
crescendo that fills the Sylvaneth
with soaring vitality and vengeful
purpose. Treelords boom out deep
war cries, Branchwraiths raise their
voices in melodious battle-songs and
Wyldwoods – enchanted thickets
filled with ancient spirits – burst
spontaneously from the ground.

Sylvaneth armies fight with the
wrath of nature unleashed. Keening
bands of Dryads burst from amongst
the Wyldwoods, with Branchwraiths
leading them in a lashing dance of
war. While the Forest Folk encircle
the enemy, the Noble Spirits flicker
along the spirit paths to slam into
their foes from unexpected angles.
As the enemy is locked in place,
the rest of the Sylvaneth wargrove
arrives, choosing their targets with
merciless precision. Under this
onslaught, enemy battle-lines swiftly

erode away like soil on a cliffside
with no roots to hold it firm.

As the spirit-song travels via the
realmroots, it cannot normally be
heard by other races. Those with
the keenest perception wi l l feel the
growing disquiet of the forests,
understanding that something
momentous is happening just on the
edge of their senses. Unless the song
swells to a fu l l battle-chorus, it is not
until foes hear the piercing shrieks of
the Dryads that they realise they are
under attack, and by then it is often
too late. When an entire wargrove
unleashes its attack, the spirit-song
soars, mixing with the Sylvaneth
battle-cries to become a ringing
sound of terror the fills opponents
with dread.

A NEW WAY OF WAR
As they do with all things, the
Sylvaneth approach their military
strategy from a naturally ordered
perspective. Their wargroves are
comprised of distinct layers, within
which each warrior instinctively
knows their place. It was not always
this way.

Once, battle was to be avoided, a
last resort after diplomacy, barrier
spells and palisades of ironhedge had
failed to keep the peace. In the Age
of Myth, most Sylvaneth conflicts
saw them on the defensive, simply
trying to protect their sacred sites
from invaders. A few hunting forays
were made to track down rampant
monsters or raiding warbands, but
such sorties were rare. The coming of
Chaos changed all that.

Though now a key part of most
wargroves, the Forest Folk were
not warriors at the dawn of the
Age of Myth. At that time, Dryads
and Branchwraiths were peaceful
creatures, deeply spiritual beings
who tended the wild forests. When
the first invasions of the Age of
Chaos began, the Forest Folk


PAGEBREAK
suffered horribly. It was no longer
enough for them to take shelter
while the Noble Spirits fought on
their behalf. Any Sylvaneth who
could not fight the foe was doomed.
They had to learn not just to defend,
but to help battle their way out of
encirclements. Those that baulked
swiftly fell to their attackers’ blades.
Through successive generations, the
Forest Folk were winnowed down
until only the fighters survived.

Now, in the Age of Sigmar, Forest
Folk still tend the forests, but there
is a juxtaposition in their beings. A
Dryad might croon a song of purity
to help living things grow, or to
stave off plagues that still threaten
to rot plants from within. At need, a
Dyrad’s branch-like hands can be so
gentle as to scoop up a fallen bird’s
nest and place it back in the upper
boughs with such grace that the
fledglings within remain asleep. Yet
should a foe appear within Sylvaneth
boundaries, the selfsame creature
takes on a remarkable change. They
stalk the invader, moving from tree
to tree until the moment is right,
and then that once-gentle creature
wi l l reach out with talon-like claws

to rip, mangle and pull an intruder
apart limb by limb. Even would-be
allies that mistakenly stumble into
a sacred glen are mercilessly torn
asunder. The concept of honour is
alien to the Forest Folk, and they
have no qualms about attacking
unseen or about destroying helpless
targets. There is no reason, only
stark, terrifying aggression.

What

is the law of

the Wyldwood?

(Question of

the Ancient)

To Protect Thy Own.

(Response of

the Branchling)

And who is thy protector?

(Question of

the Ancient)

The Queen in the Radiant Wood.

(Response of All)

In contrast to the Forest Folk, those
Sylvaneth of the Noble Spirits have
always been a warrior class. They
lead the Sylvaneth as commanders
and champions. In general, the
Noble Spirits are less binary in their
outlook and more high-minded,
as well as less prone to instinctual
behaviour. They tend to be stern

and sombre, especially the Treelord
Ancients who rule the woodland
clans. However, even the Noble
Spirits have changed since the golden
era of the Age of Myth. While not
as mercurial in temperament as the
Forest Folk, they too have grown
embittered. During conflicts, they
have learned to savagely press any
advantage. In all-out war there is
no room for compassion – certainly
not for foes, but increasingly not for
anyone but their own kind .

No longer do the Sylvaneth fight
solely to defend themselves. Such
ways died out with the millions
who fell during the long defeat that
was the Age of Chaos. Now the
wargroves march to battle in order
to reclaim lost lands, to reconnect
realmroots that have been severed
or simply to eradicate outsiders,
especially those marked by the taint
of Chaos. Once, it would have been
anathema for the Sylvaneth to even
contemplate a campaign of mass
slaughter – a deed more likely to be
perpetrated by the Outcasts than
to their race as a whole – yet such
is the grim reality of the harshness
demanded by the Season of War.


PAGEBREAK
THE SOUL WARS

THE SOUL WARS

Without respite Alarielle pushed her children. Across Ghyran the armies of Nurgle were suddenly wrong-footed,
finding themselves on the defensive against a vengeful foe that knew the lands better than they. Yet other forces
were at work, and soon Ghyran and all the Mortal Realms were besieged by a new threat…

Even as Alarielle directed the
Sylvaneth on campaigns – the
reconquest of Erosia, the Glade
Gathering of Thyria and the
destruction of the towers of Invidia
to name but a few – a new peril
loomed over the realms.

IT CAME FROM SHYISH
The many centuries of war within
the Mortal Realms had exacted a
heavy toll upon the living. From the
slaughters of the Age of Chaos to
the invasions of reconquest which
saw the arrival of the Age of Sigmar,
battles untold had been fought in
every land. These long ages of loss
and calamity played into the hands
of one being in particular : Nagash.

Also known as the Great
Necromancer, the self-proclaimed
God of Death had long plotted
against mortalkind . From his
strongholds in Shyish – the Realm
of Death – Nagash had conceived a
dreadful plan. As the master of the
undead, Nagash could call upon an
endless supply of minions to serve
him, and as an immortal, it mattered
not how much time his grand design
would take to realise.

Like a spider building a web, Nagash
played the long game, for he sought
to rule all . The Great Necromancer
wanted nothing to do with alliances
or councils – he desired complete
control for himself. He was also
moved by revenge. In the Age of
Myth, when Nagash deigned to
join the pantheon of Sigmar, he was
promised rule of Shyish. He believed
that after mortals died their essences
would be his in perpetuity, for all
souls travelled to the underworlds
of Shyish, where the afterlives of all
cultures could be found.

Instead, Nagash watched as the
Gods of Chaos devoured or eternally
corrupted souls that belonged to
him. He saw the aelven deities
stealing away souls that were his

by right, using eldritch magics
to refashion their slain race. The
Sylvaneth sought to recycle the souls
of their fallen to enable them to be
reincarnated. Worst of all, he beheld
Sigmar’s faithless betrayal as the
God-King snatched up the mightiest
heroes at the moment of their deaths
and transformed them into warriors
eternal for whom true death was no
longer possible.

Outwardly Nagash gave no obvious
sign of his fury, for he is as cold as
the grave, but his anger gnawed
upon him. His vengeance was as
slow and creeping as the inevitable
onset of death itself. A plan that
took thousands of years to reach its
conclusion at last saw him construct
a mountainous black pyramid of
harvested realmstone at the heart
of Shyish.

Had Nagash’s unholy ritual been
completed as he intended, all living
beings would have fallen, their souls
torn from them and their mindless
corpses rising up to serve their new
master. Forewarned by dire portents,
all powers of the Mortal Realms
– and even beyond – sent forces
marching into Shyish in attempts to
halt the final stages. It was too late
– the invaders were met and held by
the undead legions, but their attacks
proved an unwitting distraction.
Skaven agents snuck into the Black
Pyramid and corrupted the ritual at
the last moment, resulting in tidal
waves of unchannelled death magic
being released.

Even the necromantic powers
of Nagash could not control the
rampant energies that washed over
Shyish and then out across all the
Mortal Realms. Behind the bow
wave of death magic rode spirit
armies, and in the wake of that
hellstorm the dead rose from their
graves. Following the necroquake
all forms of magic ran wild, and new
spells were born that did not fade or
dissipate, but rampaged on.

Seeking to capitalise on the mayhem
and the superfluity of undead,
Nagash launched his legions
alongside endless processions of
Nighthaunts. One way or another,
the Great Necromancer would see
his revenge over the souls that were
his due. Thus began the Soul Wars, a
new dark age of battle.

SEASON OF DREAD
The Sylvaneth are attuned to the
natural world, and many felt the
cold winds of death long before the
fu l l gale of necromantic energies
was released. Sensing trouble was
brewing in Shyish, Alarielle had
already sent forth her envoys,
convincing Drycha Hamadreth
and the spirits of Dreadwood to
undertake a mission. However,
the Everqueen’s concentration was
fixed on retaking and purifying the
greater portion of Ghyran that had
been overrun by the forces of Nurgle.

LAMENTIRI
Lamentiri are the soulseeds
that grow w ith in any
Sylvaneth of higher standing
than the Forest Folk. These
beautifu l seeds contain the
racial memories of that
clan’s previous generations.
Lamentiri burrow deep w ith in
their bearer, and can be likened
to motes of a collective of souls
who have come before. Noble
Spirits live long lives – many
times that of humans – but
when they die, their lamentiri
can be harvested and planted
back in the enclave so that the
seeds release their energies and
last bearer’s essence into the
soulpod groves. In this manner,
the accumulated experiences
of a l l Sylvaneth can be added
to the next generation, though
this recycling of souls fuels the
Great Necromancer’s ire.


PAGEBREAK
flight through symbiosis. When
any Sylvaneth stand within the
presence of an Arch-Revenant, the
spirit-song is altered, its harmonic
rhythms amplified into a strident
anthem of vengeance and righteous
wrath. So on Alarielle’s command
did the Arch-Revenants bring the
Everqueen’s aggression to each of the
glades, spurring on the wargroves to
not stand defensively but to boldly
march out of their greenholds.

In the Deftwoad, Oakenbrow Glade
led the charge against the Legions
of Arkhan the Black, while in
Kurnotheal, the spirits of Heartwood
headed a campaign against the
barrow legions of invading Wight
Kings. Alarielle herself led a
coalition of glades that vanquished
the previously undefeated procession
led by the Knight of Shrouds known

as the Baroness of the Crypt Isles.
Beneath the darkened canopy, far
from the light of sun or star, tree-
spirit fought undead, matching
their natural vitality and life magic
against the oblivion of death magic.
Here, as on so many battlefields in
which the Sylvaneth fought against
the forces of undeath, the magic of
the forest stirred to life. Gladewyrms
burst from the loamy earth , their
serpentine forms striking out to
shatter bones and rusted armour.
Forward lumbered many Skullroots,
those most malicious of sentient
trees, their club-like branches
whipping out with skull-smashing
force. In all its destructive force,
the necroquake had awakened the
dormant magic of the wilds, and
these primal spells now surged forth
to overwhelm those who would defy
the natural order.

When the fu l l blast of the
necroquake rolled across Ghyran,
none of the Sylvaneth were truly
prepared. Waves of undead lurched
into forests only recently cleansed
from the corruptions of Nurgle.
Beneath the boughs Dryads
attempted to slow the hordes,
sending out pleas for help along the
restored channels of the realmroots.
All too often the desperate requests
never reached their destinations.

Necromantic magic is heavy, often
accumulating in low-lying areas.
Its thickest concentrations sank
down, waking the buried dead but
also withering the realmroots and
severing connections between them.
In Verdia the Tower of Vines fell,
the soulpod groves of Yska were
breached and destroyed, and the
purifying waters of the Silverwyr ran
dry. So it went all across Ghyran. The
Sylvaneth were forced to call off their
attacks against the reeling Plague
Legions in order to stave off undead
invasions. Using the distraction, the
armies loyal to Nurgle retreated to
their own strongpoints, although
they had to battle their way through
the undead to do so.

After raging swarms of sentient
spells and Nighthaunt processions
ravaged the wargroves that
were marching against Chaos,
the Sylvaneth fell back, seeking
sanctuary in their defensible
enclaves. In withdrawing before the
undead, they chose to hide behind
illusionary magics, sacrificing vast
forests in order to protect the vital
soulpod groves. For Alarielle this
was too much like the old ways, and
this she could not countenance. No
longer in her season of sorrows, the
Everqueen refused to back down
from this new threat. In frustration,
the goddess poured forth her vibrant
fury into a new seeding. For one day
and one night Alarielle swayed over
the planting, singing her song of war.
What arose were the Arch-Revenants
– deadly Free Spirits made for battle.

In order to speed these new creations
on their way to the far-flung glades,
Alarielle made a pact with the
Spitemonarch to secure zephyrspites
– winged creatures that would grant
the Arch-Revenants the power of


PAGEBREAK
THE GREAT CYCLES

THE GREAT CYCLES

The living memories of the Sylvaneth are marked by cycles just as the barkflesh of a Treelord is imprinted with
rings. The wisest of their kind can recall all the deeds of yesteryears, each tinged by its season, such as the sorrow
of dwindling or the mirth of newbloom. All such knowledge passes into the lamentiri to be re-absorbed.

AGE OF GROWTH
Known to others as the Age of Myth,
this is a time of great sprouting and
expansion for the Sylvaneth.

ALARIELLE ALONE

Desiring the company of neither
mortal nor god, Alarielle wanders
Ghyran until the natural beauty of
the realm eases her sorrows. It is
at this time that the goddess bonds
forever with the Realm of Life.

THE SOWING

Alarielle sows seeds across the
length and breadth of Ghyran. From
sunlit mountaintops to the ocean
depths, she plants soulpod groves.
Emerging from these come the first
of the Sylvaneth, beginning with the
Oakenbrow and Gnarlroot Glades,
though many more soon follow.

THE RISE OF CIVILISATION

During this period Alarielle joins
Sigmar’s Pantheon, travelling to
other realms to spread life magic,
and in turn joining the other gods
in raising cities for the burgeoning
mortal races. Alarielle watches
with pride as her children spread
across Ghyran and develop their
settlements. They are drawn to places
of natural magical power, for in such
places realmroots grow swiftest, and
soulpod groves can readily absorb
life-giving energies. All lands fill
with harmony, but none more so
than Ghyran, which blossoms with
many wonders.

THE BONEBARK MARCH

Noble Spirits of Clans Dernoth
and Laeril march to war alongside
ranks of the undead. Together,
they crush a horde of beastmen at
Sunderstone Peak, a major victory
for Sigmar’s alliance .

GROWING STRIFE

Discord increasingly sets the factions
of Sigmar’s Pantheon against one
another. Greenskins are behind
many of the disputes, but not all,
for Nagash’s undead encroach upon

Decrepita in the Great Swathe, and
deforestation along many mountain
ranges at the hands of the duardin
causes strife. There are even brief
periods of internecine fighting as
tensions grow between Sylvaneth
glades, particularly between
Oakenbrow and Dreadwood.
Alarielle herself grows disenchanted
with her fellow pantheon members
and spends more time alone,
attending her growing Sylvaneth,
or – if the season and moon align
– with the remnants of Kurnoth,
the Hunter God, who escaped the
destruction of the world-that-was.

SEEDS OF A NEW AGE

All realms draw the attention of the
Chaos Gods, but Nurgle’s gaze fixates
upon the most fertile – Ghyran.
With compound eyes, plague insects
scout out the lands, bringing reports
of growing dissent back to the
Garden of Nurgle. Many fouls seeds
are secretly planted. Something
begins to fester in the cracks growing
between Sigmar’s Pantheon.

A FOETID WIND

Across Ghyran come tales of strange
growths, of rotten bark sloughing
off, of sprouts withering and fronds
uncurling to reveal not healthy green
shoots but monstrous mutations.
Betentacled beasts roam the forests
and one-eyed daemons are reported.
Whispering voices speak false
promises of power to human tribes.

AGE OF CHAOS

OPENING STAGES
OF CONTAGION

Nurgle’s forces invade as the season
of the dwindling draws nigh. At
first, they strike through captured
Realmgates and the reality-splitting
gnawholes of the Clans Pestilens. The
attacks are repulsed, but many lands
are further seeded with corruption.

THE BARKPOX ASSAULTS

As diseases blossom, a series of
well-planned invasions are launched
across Ghyran. While the Great
Unclean One known as Rotigus
drenches the lands in plague-rains,
another greater daemon – Bolathrax
– begins a campaign to spread the
blisterpox. The Glottkin themselves
march at the head of a diseased host
that carries the festerbark pox. In
thirteen different locations, boil-
ridden skaven erupt from tunnels
to spread their foul contagions.
Several major glades are destroyed
during these onslaughts, including
Hawthorn, Frondkin and Eiderbract.
When Springleaf – perhaps the most
populous of the glades – lose their
capital Dappelloren, their other
enclaves fall soon after, until only
Rimewald in the north remains.

SPRINGLEAF NO MORE

With the destruction of Rimewald,
Springleaf Glade are broken.
The survivors scatter, eventually
reforming as Winterleaf Glade.

THE SHROUDED T IME

The War of Life grows worse daily,
and everywhere the Sylvaneth
wargroves find the conflict turning
against them. Alarielle calls a Royal
Moot and vows to turn the tide,
no matter the price. What horrors
follow are a mystery, veiled from
Sylvaneth memory by enchanted
forgetfulness. No few speculate that
it was during this time that the curse
of the Outcast fell upon their people.
Thus begins Alarielle’s season
of waning.


PAGEBREAK
A LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS

From an unexpected grove,
Harvestboon Glade sprouts. They
are born for vengeance, and seek to
bring back hope to their kind .

THE SONS’ QUEST

Alarielle despatches twelve of the
Sons of Durthu – her personal
bodyguard – on a mission into the
Ulgulands . They seek a weapon of
incredible power that could be used
to help liberate Ghyran, but after
many battles the formation is not
heard from again. In the years that
pass, memory of the mission fades,
but several old-growths still hold out
hope that the absent Sons wi l l return
one day bearing a mighty prize.

A BITTER HARVEST

As Sylvaneth places of power fall,
Alarielle is forced to take ever more
extreme measures. Seeking a way
to stem the tides, she plants the
seed of Drycha deep within the
vale known as the Hamadrithil.
What emerges from that place is far
wilder and more dangerous than the
goddess expects.

THE FIRST SIEGE OF THE
SILVERED GROVE

A vast Rotbringer army lays siege
to the Silvered Grove, the greatest
greenhold of Gnarlroot Glade.
Household after Household sallies
out to drive back the plague hordes
from the ancient rootbridges, while
a conclave of Treelord Ancients
unleash life magics that tear their
attackers apart. A final counter-
attack destroys the last of the would-
be invaders, although at great cost.

BATTLE OF TEARS

Led by Horticulous Slimux, a
Nurgle invasion force from the
corrupted land of Invidia traverses
the gelatinous Hind Sea and
invades the neighbouring continent
of Kurnotheal. There they meet
Kurnoth the Hunter and a host
of Sylvaneth in a terrible battle.
However, Kurnoth is in his winter
season and is far from his fu l l might,
and though he and his warriors of
the Great Hunt fight ferociously,
the god is finally dragged down and
slain by the servants of the Plague
God. Seeking to return Kurnoth’s
spear and what remains of his body

to Alarielle, a Heartwood wargrove
begins a desperate journey. They are
pursued in a running battle that sees
the Sylvaneth weaving in and out of
the realmroots in an effort to evade
their foes. A lone Dryad survives
to deliver their sacred burden. The
woeful but heroic tale is thereafter
known as the Slaughter of the
Last Hunt.

RETREAT TO ATHELWYRD

After many seasons of calamity
and the corruption of her beloved
lands, the Everqueen herself begins
to wither. The failure of her efforts
to heal Ghyran, the loss of Kurnoth
and the betrayals of those once loyal
to her send the goddess into a spiral
of despair. In a fit of madness she
banishes the Sons of Durthu from
her side. No longer believing victory
in the War of Life is possible, the
Queen of the Radiant Wood retreats
to the hidden vale of Athelwyrd,
leaving the last enclaves of Sylvaneth
to fight on their own.

SCATTERED RESISTANCE

The Sylvaneth secrete themselves in
hidden groves protected by illusions.
Gone are the bold marches and
epic battles, replaced instead with
stealthy ambush and small, hit-and-
run attacks upon the hated foe.

THE IRONTHORN

Before the Great Ironthorn Wall,
the human Blackstone tribe allies
with several Sylvaneth wargroves
to march against the daemons of
Nurgle’s Plague Legions. Victory
for the alliance seems assured, until
the Blackstone tribe’s shamans
are unwittingly infected with
blightworms. At the campaign’s
height, the mystics burst open
upon the field of battle, showering
those nearby in rancid viscera.
The humans’ collective horror and
despair at the spectacle summons
forth a Tallyband of Plaguebearers
that sweeps all before it.

SAVING GRACE

A thousand Tree-Revenants appear
before the ruins of Ghoremfel led
by the Lady of Vines and a coven of
Branchwyches. They carve through
Slaaneshi cultists and recover
the sacred Tear of Grace from its
embervault before disappearing.

AMBUSH AT WIDOWBITE

Atop Widowbite Crag, the root clans
of Winterleaf Glade face their doom.
With fatalistic determination they
hurl back waves of frenzied skaven,
but with each assault more forest
spirits fall. Just as all seems lost,
Drycha Hamadreth bursts forth
from the undercaves of the crag at
the head of a swarm of Outcasts. Few
of the invading ratmen escape the
terrible massacre that follows.

SILVERED GROVE DEFIANT

By pooling their magical power,
the Treelord Ancients of Gnarlroot
Glade are able to foil a massive
Maggotkin assault on the Silvered
Grove. Illusions lead thousands of
Blightkings into a cloying morass
where their corpulence sees them
sink waist-deep into the mud,
rendering them easy prey for enraged
Dryads. Meanwhile, towering thorn-
barriers spell a sudden end for entire
wings of Pusgoyle Blightlords and
Plague Drones, who only spot the
lethal glamour-wreathed bulwarks
when it is too late.

LOWERING SKIES

A breeze stirs the foetid air of
Ghyran, and some of the eldest of the
old-growths feel change on the wind
and in the soil. While many enclaves
lie blackened with rot, a strange hope
seems to emanate from the gathered
storm clouds.

AGE OF SIGMAR

THE STORM BREAKS

A new age begins as Sigmar
unleashes his Stormcast Eternals. By
capturing Realmgates, the God-King
hopes to establish beachheads in
the other Mortal Realms and halt
the flow of Chaos reinforcements.
Although suspicious of outsiders,
many Sylvaneth wargroves are eager
for revenge and go to battle alongside
Sigmar’s Stormhosts.


PAGEBREAK
THE GATES OF DAWN

The first victory for the Stormcast
Eternals in the Realm of Life is won
by the Hallowed Knights. Allying
with an Oakenbrow wargrove, they
close a Chaos-corrupted Realmgate
in the Ghyrtract Fen. More victories
follow, with each Stormhost seeking
an audience with Alarielle, yet she
refuses to emerge from seclusion.

THE FALL OF ATHELWYRD

The Stormcast Eternals finally
locate Alarielle’s hidden enclave,
Athelwyrd, but in doing so they
unwittingly reveal its location to the
forces of Chaos. Led by the Lady of
Vines, the goddess escapes the fall
of her refuge with her enemies in
close pursuit.

QUEEN OF MALICE

At the fall of Athelwyrd, such shock
sweeps through the remaining
realmroots that many Sylvaneth
believe their goddess to be slain.
Stepping into the leadership gulf,
Drycha claims that Alarielle is gone.
Several clans from different glades
– most notably Dreadwood – pledge
themselves to Drycha, and she
assembles a vast wargrove joined by
thousands of Outcasts that begins to
attack all non-Sylvaneth in Ghyran.

END OF A CYCLE

Her system shocked into a change,
Alarielle turns into a soulpod,
leaving her vulnerable even as
enemies close upon the small forces
of Sylvaneth and Stormcast Eternals
that guard her. In a series of battles
across Ghyran, the armies of Torglug
the Despised seek to hunt down and
capture the Queen of the Radiant
Wood. Thanks to many heroics, the
unexpected arrival of a Seraphon
army led by a Slann Starmaster, and
the Lady of Vines’ noble sacrifice,
Alarielle’s soulpod is at last planted
atop Blackstone Summit where
it can absorb the essence of glory
and might from the remains of
fallen heroes.

BLACKHOLLOW

During the Battle of Blackhollow,
several Dreadwood clans are forced
to ally with a force of Hallowed
Knights to repel a grot infestation.
Sigmar’s warriors are horrified at the
spite and cruelty of their allies .

THE STIRRING

All nine root clans of Harvestboon
muster to besiege the Foulspine in
Ghyran. Though many of the forest
spirits fall, a band of Treelords
tears down the Suppurant Gate
and hundreds of Dryads pour
into the Dreadhold. Putrus the
Rotlord is left impaled upon his
own thorn-strangled battlements.
The Willowqueen of Harvestboon
proclaims the victory a sign of new
hope. As if in answer, the soulpod
groves of Harvestboon clans
across the Mortal Realms blossom,
replacing the glade’s losses and
giving rise to entire new clans.

HEARTWOOD’S REVENGE

With the aid of a Seraphon
constellation, Heartwood clans in
Ghur finally exact vengeance on
the Tzeentchian Daemon Prince
who centuries earlier conquered the
enclave of Verdantia, reducing the
usurper’s stronghold to glittering
rubble after a decade of bitter battle.

THE SONS OF BEHEMAT

Following the death of the zodiacal
godbeast Behemat, the gargant’s last
sons wander lost across Ghyran.
Wise and compassionate, the clans of
Oakenbrow welcome the powerful –
if crude – allies to their lands.

REBIRTH

Bursting forth with a song of
vengeance, Alarielle rises up reborn.
A wave of life magic surges across
the Mortal Realms, and every
soulpod grove bears new generations
of Sylvaneth, including new forms
made for war. The scattered Sons
of Durthu are recalled, and a Royal
Moot is held to begin the mustering
of the wargroves.

SEALING THE GENESIS GATE

Alongside Sigmar’s Stormhosts,
Alarielle leads the Sylvaneth
against the Chaos strongholds
known collectively as the Ring of
Corruption. The Everqueen defeats
the Glottkin and succeeds in closing
the Genesis Gate, the Ghyranite
entrance to the Allpoints, cutting off
the flow of Archaon’s forces into the
Jade Kingdoms.

CYCLE OF RENEWAL

All glades send forth wargroves
to drive out their foes, beginning
the long process of purification.
New Wyldwoods are sown in areas
razed or polluted by Ghyran’s
many invaders.

THE HUNTERS ’ MOON

All across Ghyran, Kurnoth Hunters
arrive to bolster the glades. In some
places the Free Spirits strike alone.
At Anvil Gate a hundred-strong war-
copse seizes the Realmgate from the
skaven of Clan Feesik, while at Aquia
the Hunters shoot down the living
isle of Bloatus.

SEEDS OF HOPE

In the Jade Kingdom of Thyria, the
Everqueen leads wargroves to victory
against the skaven of Clan Morbidus,
then uses her potent magics to
raise the first of the cities known
as the Seeds of Hope. She offers
this Living City to her new allies, a
place of safety in exchange for their
custodianship of the newly grown
forests that surround it. Other cities
– the industry-heavy Greywater
Fastness and the City Raised From
Ruin, the Phoenicium – soon follow.

A PATH RESTORED

Despite their malcontent,
Dreadwood clans fight alongside
those of Ironbark and Oakenbrow
to turn back the Poxfang Tide. With
the defeat of this scourge, a stretch
of the Cascading Path is purified,
opening up tributaries throughout
the Jade Kingdoms.

HUNTERS ’ VENGEANCE

In the Mistwoods of Shae-Rahat,
the Wild Hunt is led by a spearhead
of Kurnoth Hunters and Tree-
Revenants in pursuit of the Great
Unclean One Gruxulok and his
armies. By the time the hated


PAGEBREAK
plague-bringer is cornered, the
very landscape has turned savagely
against the Chaos invaders.

RISE OF THE WYLDWOODS

With Alarielle in fu l l bloom, her
children are resurgent throughout
the Mortal Realms. The Sylvaneth’s
numbers grow daily, with soulpod
groves sprouting new forest spirits
in numbers not seen since the Age
of Myth. The spirit-song shivers
audibly in the air. On countless
fronts the hordes of Chaos are driven
back before the vengeful Sylvaneth
wargroves. New Wyldwoods spring
up to replace the ravaged and
corrupted landscapes.

ALLIES ABOUND

The Sylvaneth find the Stormcast
Eternals to be strong allies in
hundreds of battles, and make
common cause with many other
factions. Some – the Fyreslayers,
Kharadron Overlords and Seraphon
– are races true to their word. Other
coalitions – such as those formed
with the Daughters of Khaine, ogors
and Idoneth Deepkin – prove to
be less stable, the two sides often
reverting to a state of mutual distrust
or even outright hostility once their
shared enemy is destroyed.

THE GHOUL MERE

When the inhabitants of Greywater
Fastness level the verdant ground
around the city and their industry
turns it into a polluted swamp,
Alarielle despatches Dreadwood
wargroves under the leadership
of a Treelord named Pale Oak to
blockade the settlement, in order to
protect what is left. The area becomes
a deadly no man’s land known as the
Ghoul Mere. Aggression from the
Sylvaneth is followed by negotiations
in which Pale Oak finally agrees
to allow a single route into and out
of the city so that its people might
avoid starvation, but any who
stray from the path are slain in a
horrible fashion.

HAMMERHAL GHYRA

Hammerhal, the Twin-tailed City,
is established. One half of the
burgeoning metropolis, Hammerhal
Ghyra, lies in the Realm of Life; the
other, Hammerhal Aqsha, is located
in the Realm of Fire.

ALARIELLE ADVANCES

The Everqueen seems to be
everywhere, emerging from the
realmroots to direct one campaign
even as another is in the final
throes of triumph. She is the
saviour of Erosia, the hero of the
Glade Gathering of Thyria, and the
architect behind the destruction of
the Towers of Invidia, but there are
always more Chaos strongholds to
root out, and even as the Sylvaneth
advance a new threat rises.

STRANGE SIGNS
FROM SHYISH

After hearing repeated claims of
a rising necromantic threat, the
Everqueen plays upon the vindictive
malice of Drycha and Dreadwood
Glade to convince them to find the
source of the danger. Drycha travels
to Shyish, and several Dreadwood
clans set their roots in the Desolation
of Mhala. Simultaneously Alarielle
commands wargroves throughout
the Mortal Realms to hunt down
and vanquish rogue spirits, along
with those practising necromancy.
Many deathly mages are slain,
their departed spirits sent to the
underworld of Mhala, where Drycha
waits like a spider on a web to
extinguish them for all time.

THE NECROQUAKE

At the last minute, the great ritual
set in motion by Nagash is triggered
prematurely, causing a flood of death
magic to wash over the realms.
The dead rise in numbers beyond
count, whilst malignant spirits and
endless spells are unleashed to prey
upon anything that lives. Sylvaneth
enclaves everywhere come under
attack. Many glades are content to
withdraw into hiding to weather
the ensuing waves of undead, but
Alarielle calls for the wargroves
to march out and drive back the
unliving invaders.

UNLEASHED WRATH

Vast hosts of Nighthaunts lay waste
to newly purified sacred sites such
as the Hallowfalls and the kelp
forest surrounding the Sanctum

Isles, drawing Alarielle’s wrath.
Accompanied by the Sons of Durthu,
the goddess travels the realmroots
to cleanse those magic-rich lands
once more. When she finds the local
human tribes did nothing to stop the
undead from taking the Hallowfalls ,
they too are slain as punishment.

BAD MOON RISING

The Bad Moon is seen in the skies,
heralding invasions of the grots
who worship it as their deity and
mass migrations of the troggoths
who mindlessly follow its course.
Across the Mortal Realms the
Sylvaneth engage them in battle,
desperately defending the enclave
of Neith’y’Ghallich, crushing the
Three-headed Squigalanche of
Doom and ending the rampages of
Loonboss Gribblehook.

THE WAVERING

Though the War of Life remains
an ongoing crisis in Ghyran, the
retreating Chaos forces are given
a reprieve as the Sylvaneth turn
their attention to the undead and
greenskin threats. Skaven, beastmen
and the followers of Nurgle are able
to consolidate armies, reinforce
strongholds and freely defile lands
still under their control. Noted
atrocities include the beastmen
sacking of Gnarlknot and the fall of
Dru’thar. In the horrific Battle of Six
Twistings, the maniacal Grey Seer
Krektus unleashes dozens of endless
spells, and voracious ratmen surge
from gnawholes to consume the
lamentiri of the slain. It seems for
every Sylvaneth victory, there is an
equally momentous loss elsewhere.

LET WAR REIGN

From atop the new growth that
sprouts from the ruined remains
of the Oak of Ages Past, Alarielle
calls every glade to launch an all-
out offensive. She demands that
wargroves march out to reclaim
every lost site of power, targeting
first the Great Falls of the Verdural
Forests, the Living Mont of the
Lamenter Peaks, the ruined Tower
of Vines in Verdia, and the Floating
Gardens of Humidia. All across
Ghyran the spirit-song pulses
like never before as the Season of
War accelerates, rising towards
its crescendo.


PAGEBREAK
A NATURAL ORDER

A NATURAL ORDER

To outsiders, Sylvaneth society and its wargroves appear as wild and uncultivated as the forests from which they
spring. Yet no matter how anarchic it might appear, everything in the natural order has its place and purpose. So
it is with the way in which Alarielle’s children organise themselves.

GLADES
The Sylvaneth obey ancient,
instinctively binding social
conventions, which are as clear to
them as they are strange to others.
Their race is made up of glades,
the closest mortal comparison of
which would be nations or perhaps
empires. However, each glade is
more like a vast extended family
whose descendants are scattered
across different enclaves throughout
Ghyran as well as dotted about
other realms.

At the time of Alarielle’s rebirth
into her war phase there were seven
prevalent glades and an unknown
number of lesser ones. Over the
years many glades have died out,
and it is not unheard of for new
glades to spring up or pockets
of supposedly lost ones to be
subsequently rediscovered.

Each glade has a ruler, and its
own traditions, traits and culture.
Oakenbrow, for example, claim
to be the most ancient glade, and
their ways are noble and proud,
governed by centuries of tradition.
By comparison, Harvestboon is
the youngest and most vibrant of
glades, and in many ways the least
hidebound by convention, perhaps
because they first bloomed during
the early days of the Age of Chaos
and have known nothing but war
and a desperate fight for survival .
Glades differ widely in size and age,
but all are equal in Alarielle’s eyes.

CLANS
Each glade is made up of a number
of clans, which are the Sylvaneth
societal units that inhabit each
enclave. Clans are something like
kin – those who share the same
birth grouping from the soulpod
groves, and take a common name.
Often these fami lia l titles resemble
the names of beings or places from
long ago, echoes of the Sylvaneth’s
collective racial memory.

The larger glades contain hundreds
of clans, the smaller often merely a
dozen or so. It is common for more
than one clan to inhabit an enclave,
working together in harmony to care
for and protect it. Although most
clans are based in a static settlement
such as a greenhold, some, in the
aftermath of the Age of Chaos, are
wanderers with no fixed enclave.

The members of most clans exhibit
certain similarities in appearance
and disposition, such as pale bark,
blackened branch-tips or a grim
fatalism brought about through
shared hardships. The smallest clans
are little more than tribal bands of
Forest Folk watched over by a few
Noble Spirits, while the largest are
entire kingdoms in their own right.

THE ROYAL MOOT
Alarielle is the ultimate ruler of all
Sylvaneth, and to them her word
is law. The Everqueen occasionally
assembles a ruling court known
as the Royal Moot. It comprises
Alarielle herself, the Regents of the
Glades and other unique Sylvaneth
such as the Royal Huntmaster or
the Huldress. This mighty council
has gathered on only a handful of
occasions in all the history of the
Mortal Realms, and typically does so
only in times of great change.

Some of the Regents are strange
beings for whom travel across vast
distances is not easy, and even for
those who can, it is perilous to
journey in such turbulent times.
Thus, the Royal Moot most often
meets in part, or else the Regents

send to Alarielle their most trusted
lieutenants to speak on their behalf.
It is this assemblage that makes the
most important decisions for the
Sylvaneth race and ensures that
Alarielle’s wi l l is enacted.

EMISSARIES OF
ALARIELLE
In addition to the glades and the
Royal Moot, the Everqueen has more
direct and warlike agents – the Free
Spirits. These Sylvaneth include
the Spirits of Durthu, the Kurnoth
Hunters and the Arch-Revenants.
All are courageous forest spirits who
exist outside the hierarchies of the
glades and clans. The Free Spirits are
powerful fighters and this, coupled
with their unquestioning dedication
to their mother goddess, makes them
indispensable warriors in the battles
to retake the Mortal Realms.

THE SHUNNED ONES
On the fringes of Sylvaneth society
are the Outcasts. Cut off from all
but the most violent notes of the
spirit-song, these malign creatures
are quite mad. They are filled with
cruelty, and delight in tormenting
other living beings, yet they are still
Sylvaneth. When war calls , these
dark beings slink from the shadows
to join the fight, though they are
little loved by their nobler kin .

SPITES
Swarms of forest spirits – from
twigling imps to all manner of
spites – accompany every stratum
of Sylvaneth society, including
wargroves on the march. They are
not Sylvaneth themselves, and
hold no rank or position, but there
are some that serve in key roles,
such as the wardroth beetle that
Alarielle herself rides to war and the
scintillating starspite that nestles
within the canopy of the Old King
of Gnarlroot Glade to help light the
elder being’s way.


PAGEBREAK
ROYAL MOOT

Wherein the High King of Oakenbrow, the Old King of
Gnarlroot, the Willowqueen of Harvestboon, the Old
King of Winterleaf, the Dowager Queen of Heartwood,
the Archduke of Ironbark, the Keeper of Dreadwood,
the Huldress and the Huntmaster of Kurnoth, or chosen
representatives, gather and attend upon their mother
goddess Alarielle, the Queen of the Radiant Wood.

THE FREE SPIRITS

Grown from the seeds of war, planted in the bloodsap
of the courageous and the heroic, the Kurnoth Hunters,
Arch-Revenants and Spirits of Durthu stand ready to do
the bidding of their beloved queen, and to make her will
manifest across the Mortal Realms.

OAKENBROW GLADE

The ancient and the noble, the just and the good. Paragons they are, of virtue
and of law, whose deeds are governed always by the solemn code of their
mighty king. To them, tradition is paramount.

GNARLROOT GLADE

Aloof and profound, strange and grim in thought
and deed – they care only for lore and the hidden
secrets of ancient things. Their wisdom runs deep.

HEARTWOOD GLADE

None braver are there, and none more true. Never
was a name more apt, for they are the surging
heartwood of their race entire. Their loyalty
is unbreakable.

IRONBARK GLADE

Never shall they bend, never shall they break. Like deepest
root and strongest branch they can weather any storm, and
will endure for evermore.

WINTERLEAF GLADE

Harsh and cold as a leafless bough, their heartwood is naught
but ashes and sorrow. They are bitter and piercing as an icy wind.

DREADWOOD GLADE

Spiteful as the sharpened thorn, dark as the shadows at the forest’s
heart – fear the spirits of Dreadwood, for no mercy do they feel. They
are the blackness which no gaze can pierce.

HARVESTBOON GLADE

New shoots grow the swiftest when the fires have
passed, and with them grows a hope that long was
lost. Pliant, they can bend like reeds in wind.


PAGEBREAK
WARGROVES

WARGROVES

For battle, the Sylvaneth employ all manner of formations, from war-copse patrols to the garrisons of ironthorn
thickets, but the most common and formidable of their military structures is the wargrove. Although all glades
have their idiosyncrasies, there is a standard core upon which all Sylvaneth draw.

When mustered for battle, a typical
Sylvaneth wargrove is composed of
distinct elements, each drawn from
a clan, or in some cases, from several
different clans working together.
These warriors are almost always
from the same glade, although there
are exceptions.

LORDS OF THE CLAN
All clans are ruled over by a single
Treelord Ancient, known as the
Head of the Clan, who is attended by
another Treelord Ancient who holds
the title of Loremaster, and a martial
Treelord known as a Guardian,
whose duty it is to protect his liege
unto death. The heads of larger
clans can be accompanied by several
Loremasters and Guardians, though
generally no more than three of each.
Collectively these individuals are
known as the Lords of the Clan, and
act as commanders for a wargrove.

In battle it is the Lords of the Clan
that magnify the spirit-song, raising
it to a swelling chorus that is not only
audible to outsiders but dangerous.
While the surging harmonies
inspire Sylvaneth and warn them of
impending harm, to enemies it can
cause blood vessels to burst and even
hearts to explode.

HOUSEHOLDS
The first to answer any muster
issued by the Lords of the Clan
are the Households. These are an
enclave’s standing army, and each
is formed from a core of Tree-
Revenants led into battle by a
sorcerous Branchwych and mighty
Treelord. These noble warriors
permanently garrison each enclave,
patrol its borders and guard its
soulpod groves. A small mission
might require the despatch of a
single such grouping, but when the
wargrove is gathered it wi l l comprise
at least three Households. Often
the vanguard of a Sylvaneth attack,
they seek to pin down the largest

or most formidable of the enemy’s
formations, holding them in place
to allow the rest of the wargrove to
launch counter-attacks.

FOREST FOLK
The verdant heart of any wargrove
is composed of the Forest Folk
battalions – entire copses of Dryads
led to war by a Branchwraith. A
typical wargrove wi l l include at least
three such formations, though some
of the larger wargroves, especially
those of the Oakenbrow, wi l l
have more.

FREE SPIRITS
When they go to war as part of a
wargrove, Free Spirits are led by a
Spirit of Durthu. Typically only one
of these powerful Sylvaneth wi l l join
a wargrove, acting as a formidable
anchor around which their warrior
comrades gravitate. The presence of
a Spirit of Durthu in a wargrove lifts
the courage of not only other Free
Spirits but all nearby children of
Alarielle, and also bolsters its arcane
potency thanks to the innate magical
ability of these ancient beings. The
younger Free Spirits – the Kurnoth
Hunters – form hard-hitting
warbands intended to lead assaults.
A fu l l wargrove can boast multiples
of these powerful units, and even
more are known to join armies of the
Heartwood glade.

In recent times, a new warrior
form has joined the ranks of the
Free Spirits – the Arch-Revenant.
Able to fly thanks to their bonded
zephyrspites, these Sylvaneth occupy
a role not unlike that of lieutenant in
some armies, and can often be found
leading key attacks or bracing vital
sections of the Sylvaneth line.

OUTCASTS
As the call to muster vibrates along
the realmroots, a wargrove may
be joined by Outcasts. In battle,
groups of these dark Sylvaneth lurk
on the flanks and in the shadows of
Wyldwoods, employing terror tactics
to shatter the foe’s morale. Though
their methods are undeniably
effective, few glades actively seek
the Outcasts’ aid; rather, they
simply turn a blind eye to their
presence and violent excesses. The
exception to this is Dreadwood,
who show unusual tolerance for and
engagement with their shadowy kin,
and count a greater number of them
among their wargroves.

FORMATIONS OF LEGEND
Some Sylvaneth warriors have
become famous for their unusual
organisation and epic deeds. Perhaps
the most renowned of these are the
Sons of Durthu. The eldest and most
powerful of the Spirits of Durthu,
they usually operate individually
or in small numbers as formidable
bodyguards, but have on a few
occasions gathered together as an
entire wargrove.

Other distinctive wargroves include
the resplendent Golden Grove of
Oakenbrow, the embittered Hoarfists
of Winterleaf, the tenacious Stand of
Iron from Ironbark, and the Hunters
of Heartwood. In contrast, Drycha
and her hand-chosen wargrove
of Outcasts and Dreadwood
formations, known as the Red
Talons, have gained infamy and
notoriety for their sheer savagery.


PAGEBREAK
Oakenbrow Glade

OAKENBROW GLADE

The Oakenbrow are one of the best known and most prolific of all Sylvaneth glades. They are renowned as
steadfast and just, as well as for the wisdom of their many ancient Treelords. Whatever Alarielle’s needs, she can
always count upon the noble warriors of the First Glade.

The sigil of Oakenbrow has long
been associated with the mother
goddess herself, and by connotation
guardianship and authority. It is
a symbol recognised by Sylvaneth
throughout the Mortal Realms.

A vast glade, the clans of Oakenbrow
are numbered in the hundreds, and
their enclaves can be found across
Ghyran and throughout the other
Mortal Realms.

The Sylvaneth of the Oakenbrow
clans are noble of aspect and regal
of bearing. They claim to be the
First Glade – that is, that their
ancestors sprang from the first of
the soulpods planted by Alarielle.
Some of those beings, it is said, still
stride the realms today. Certainly
the Oakenbrow have existed since
the early days of the Age of Myth,
and they survived the Age of
Chaos in better shape than most of
their contemporaries.

Many of the Oakenbrow enclaves
are situated on prime conduits of
life magic, including sacred sites
like the Silver Shimmerfalls in
Neos, the Golden Confluence, the
Mistwoods of Shae-Rahat and the
Peakwood forest. Such is the pride of
the glade and their own knowledge
of the many great deeds they have
performed for Alarielle in the past
that even the lowliest Dryads of
Oakenbrow carry themselves with
great poise and solemnity.

This makes High King Rhalaeth
of Oakenbrow – an old-growth of
immense size – one of the most
powerful of Regents, and it speaks
well of this vast and elder being that
he is gracious and fair in his rule.
Alarielle trusts Rhalaeth, and only in
her most fey of moods goes against
his wise counsel.

There are many Oakenbrow enclaves,
each one populated by at least one
large clan and oft-times more.
When Oakenbrow are called to
battle the wargroves they form are
typically large and contain many
Noble Spirits. Striding amongst
their musters are an unusually
high proportion of Treelords and
Treelord Ancients. These venerable
beings are highly respected and
unusually active in leading the clans
to battle. Indeed, the elder Ancients
do not slumber as often or as long
as do those of other glades, and are
therefore available more often. Many
tales are told of the tenacity of such
beings, and their defiant stands in
battle are legendary. It matters not
what manner of weapons the foe
carry, for the towering nobles simply
refuse to yield. The disciplined
warriors of Oakenbrow revere their

clan lords, seeking their wisdom in
peace and rallying around them in
times of war.

The spirits of Oakenbrow can be
recognised by their warm but
sombre colours, including foliage
that is frequently crimson or reddish
brown. While still natural in aspect,
their clans often display more-
regimented colour schemes than
those of their fellow glades, taking
much pride in refining their clan
markings and colours over the ages.

After Alarielle seeded more
Oakenbrow into the fertile lands of
Irridia, a rivalry began between them
and the Dreadwood Sylvaneth who
were planted in nearby Decrepita.
Since the Age of Myth the two glades
have clashed numerous times. Even
under desperate circumstances, it
is rare that wargroves from the two
glades are able to fight side by side
without animosities flaring and even
internecine fighting breaking out.

‘Those of Dreadwood might call us

arrogant, but

there are beetles in my

bark that have more sense than they.

Look thou at deeds and measure a

being ’s worth by those, not by words.

Our heritage is long and honourable,

and those who would besmirch us

should look upon their own.’

- Haaldhorm, Treelord Ancient

The Oakenbrow are noted for
being particularly diplomatic in
their relations with outsiders – a
trait that those of Dreadwood
frequently point out as a weakness.
It is the Oakenbrow who most
favour Alarielle’s renewed alliance
with Sigmar, and they have fought
alongside the Stormcast Eternals
many times. In these storm-forged
warriors, the Sylvaneth see kindred
spirits, brave and determined
crusaders who wi l l die before they
see Chaos victorious.


PAGEBREAK
Gnarlroot Glade

GNARLROOT GLADE

Those of Gnarlroot Glade are the scholarly keepers of eldritch lore, the shapers of trees and the seekers of
knowledge. They are regarded as taciturn, grim, closed-off and secretive. It is said that only one thing leads those
of Gnarlroot to leave their enclaves: the search for sources of arcane power and enlightenment.

Amongst myriad other concepts
that would be impossible for a non-
Sylvaneth mind to comprehend, the
sigil of Gnarlroot Glade symbolises
age, wisdom and the preservation
of knowledge.

The Gnarlroot are an old and
well-established glade. Their leader
– who holds the title of Old King
or Grum-King – is ancient and
weathered with age, and claims to
have been podborn during Alarielle’s
first sowing. Those of Gnarlroot
bristle with indignation when others
speak of Oakenbrow as the eldest.
Certainly they can claim that many
of their Treelord Ancients strode the
realms and were already old before
Sigmar’s pantheon was formed.

The collected wisdoms amassed
by those of Gnarlroot run deep,
and no other glade can match
them in the wielding of life magic.
They have shaped the forests
more than any other glade, using
their arcane powers to twist
trees, grow ironthorn, and weave
nigh-impregnable greenholds.

In battle, the eldritch might
of Gnarlroot greatly aids their
wargroves. The enemy wither like
rotted fruit on the vine, while the
Sylvaneth blossom with enhanced
strength and increased vitality. The
secrets of their arcane lore are passed
down from Treelord Ancients to
Branchwyches and Branchwraiths

so that even as the warriors of
the Households and the Forest
Folk spring into battle, they are
accompanied by a veritable gale of
sorcerous energies.

‘Use well

the wisdom of

the ancients,

and return to the lamentiri-springs

with more than you began.’

- Ithil-spond, the Grum-King

Those of Gnarlroot are tightly knit
into their clan structure and fiercely
loyal to each other and their leaders,
known as the Gnarl-Lords. They like
to consider matters at length, and
resent being rushed. Regardless of
right or wrong, they tend to side with
their own and are deeply suspicious
of new concepts and peoples. Other
Sylvaneth consider the Gnarlroot to
be hidebound traditionalists, rooted
in the old ways.

The Gnarlroot clans prize lore
above all things, and have many
Ancients and Branchwyches
amongst their ranks . They seek
knowledge from any source, often

with a determination bordering on
compulsion, and so wi l l set aside
their wariness to converse and
even ally themselves with mages
and scholars of any race. Although
unravelling such secrets delights
those of Gnarlroot, sharing their
hard-won knowledge with those
outside the glade does not – it is
their wont to hoard arcane wisdom,
trading it only to gain further
insights. Only Alarielle’s direct
command can persuade the Grum-
King to share his people’s learnings
with the Royal Moot.

The greatest of Gnarlroot enclaves
is the Silvered Grove. Twice that
greenhold survived long besiegement
during the Age of Chaos. Although
its outer defences were gnawed
away by disease and ceaseless
batterings, the foe never breached
the settlement’s inner rings. There
– beneath a resplendent canopy
where ancient boles have grown so
thick that a hundred men holding
hands could not encircle one – can
be found the rich soulpod groves
within which all the glade’s collected
knowledge resides.

Gnarlroot maintain a presence in
the majority of the new cities in
the Realm of Life, and it was their
magics that aided Alarielle in the
raising of the Seeds of Hope, as
well as in the reconsecration and
purification of the Sylvaneth enclaves
reclaimed from the horrors wrought
upon them during the War of Life.
However, it is rare to find Gnarlroot
enclaves outside of Ghyran, as their
traditionalist nature and mistrust of
outsiders makes them the least well-
travelled of all glades.

In appearance, those of Gnarlroot
are often riddled with knots. Their
barkflesh is ruddy brown in colour,
and their sigils glow with a cool jade
light. Many bear old battle scars
and attract thick layers of moss and
ivy, often a sign of advanced age in
the treefolk.


PAGEBREAK
Harvestboon Glade

HARVESTBOON GLADE

Those of Harvestboon do everything with vigour, bringing the urgent vibrancy of the first green shoots of
bloomtide to everything they do. They are the epitome of the energy of youth, and approach expansion, the
purification of forests and the reclamation of sacred sites with the same fervour with which they fight Chaos.

Harvestboon’s symbol encapsulates
the youthful vitality of this nascent
glade, as well as their bold and
warlike nature. Buried within its
lines is another, darker truth – one
that only the wisest may glean.

Harvestboon is the newest glade to
rise to prominence. Their leader,
the Willowqueen, was asked to join
the Royal Moot by Alarielle during
the Age of Chaos. They are the
smallest of the seven pre-eminent
glades, and even after a significant
soulpod planting number just over
a dozen clans. However, what those
of Harvestboon lack in numbers
they more than make up for with
inexhaustible wellsprings of zeal .

Even the eldest members of
Harvestboon Glade were only
podborn during the midst of the
Age of Chaos. Born into battle, they
have swiftly answered war’s call,
and are ever eager to muster. It was
Harvestboon who spearheaded the
attacks that reclaimed the sacred
sites of Eiderhall and the Jadefalls,
and led to the purification of the
old Seven Rivers forest. Few among
the Sylvaneth would deny that it is
the wargroves of Harvestboon that
have made the greatest advances in
Alarielle’s campaigns of resurgence.

Although warlike in the extreme,
those of Harvestboon are not gnarled
with bitterness as are so many of the
elder glades. Instead, they are the

most hopeful and aspirational of
their kind, even more so following
the return of their goddess Alarielle.
None were as overjoyed to see her
emerge from the season of sorrows
and be reborn in her war aspect.
It is a change the Harvestboon
wholeheartedly embrace, harnessing
the invigorating energies released
by the Everqueen’s reawakening
to stimulate the growth of a series
of new soulpod seedings, many of
which have already sprouted new
clans and entire new wargroves.

In addition to their exuberant ways,
Harvestboon are famous for their
Branchwraiths, who are known
for the flowing beauty and power
of their song and spellcraft. The
Willowqueen sings the strongest
song of all . With the confidence
of the young, she drives her kin
through one deadly conflict after
another, seeking to clear the way
for a future free from the taint
of Chaos. She believes that she
and her glade were made for the
task of healing and restoring the
Realm of Life. Fearlessly, she leads
her clans through any danger, no
matter how grave, in pursuit of that
ultimate prize.

Built around warbands of quick-
tempered Forest Folk, the wargroves
of Harvestboon Glade are swift
on the attack. The hope that sings
through the heartwood of these lithe
young spirits lends them great speed
and agility, and sees them surge
across the battlefield like the Spear
of Kurnoth itself. Life magic swirls
around Harvestboon’s wargroves,
focused upon their Branchwraiths,
who are more prevalent than in
other glades and take great pride
in leading their Forest Folk to war.
These graceful creatures shield their
kin from harm while ripping gaps in
the enemy lines for their warriors to
exploit. The Dryads themselves are
similarly aggressive, fully invested in
the glade’s mission of reconquest.

In appearance the Harvestboon clans
are most often seen arrayed in the
vibrant hues of the dawning seasons.
Silver-sheened barkflesh, lively green
foliage, and tresses the colour of
the morning sun are colourations
common amongst the glade.

So far, there are relatively few
Harvestboon clans, but since
Alarielle’s rebirth their numbers
have been spiralling higher with
breathtaking speed. Each enclave
boasts busy and burgeoning soulpod
groves, and new Harvestboon
wargroves are mustered daily,
marching out to battle with their
spirit-song fu l l of hope.

The deeds and audacity of
Harvestboon polarise the opinions
of the other glades. Some, the
Heartwood chief amongst them,
see this dynamic young glade as
the shape of things to come and the
harbingers of Alarielle’s vengeance.
The more conservative Regents of
Glades – those of Gnarlroot and
Winterleaf – are less convinced,
complaining that it can only
be a matter of time before the
Willowqueen’s clans overreach
themselves and bring trouble down
upon all the Sylvaneth.


PAGEBREAK
IRONBARK GLADE

Ironbark Glade

Known for their deep-rooted and immovable battle lines, the Ironbark Glade are stubborn beyond reason. While
this grit and determination can make them difficult to deal with and impossible to sway in matters of discourse,
they are traits that stand them in good stead upon the battlefield.

glitter with seams of metal and
crystal deposits. Early on in their
history the Ironbark developed trade
ties with the duardin, which grew
into an alliance between mountain
and wood – but then came the Age
of Chaos. All glades in Chamon save
Ironbark were wiped out by invasion,
and for centuries they stood alone in
the realm. During those black years
they learned to endure, becoming
famous for their intractable defence
of their enclaves.

Led by their Archduke, the Ironbark
were the first glade to settle in
Chamon. There, they learned how
to draw precious minerals through
their roots, so that now their forms

One by one the mountain karaks
of the duardin were destroyed.
The Ironbark took in the refugees
fleeing the armies of Khorne, many
of whom subsequently travelled to

WINTERLEAF GLADE

Azyrheim or joined the sky-fleets
of those who later became the
Kharadron Overlords. The glade’s
deeds were never forgotten, and
to this day many duardin factions
consider the Ironbark to be kin .

Since then, Ironbark have remained
tenacious, mastering the art of
defence. They fuse wood and steel so
that their enclaves can weather the
worst hardships. Their Households
bear finely wrought weapons, and
their patrols slip into and out of
ironthorn labyrinths to waylay
invaders. On the battlefield, Ironbark
wargroves dig their roots deep,
standing defiant to shatter enemy
attacks before launching their own.

There is no glade more embittered than that of Winterleaf. Their heartwood has grown icy cold, and they no
longer harbour compassion or mercy for any living thing. So grim have those of Winterleaf grown that they care
nothing for their own lives, believing themselves already dead in every way that matters.

Winterleaf Glade

which were considered to be one of
the wonders of the Realm of Life. A
profusion of life magic poured from
each of its many cataracts, in places
the arcane power mixing with the
mist rising from the falls, creating
tangible rainbows upon which
spites played.

During the War of Life, the armies
of Nurgle targeted the Springleaf’s
enclaves, for they were the most
fecund. What was once fairest was
turned foulest. One by one they
were corrupted, with Dappelloren
finally falling to the festerbark pox.
The Bough-mother herself was
captured, and rumours tell that she
was taken to Nurgle’s Garden in the
Realm of Chaos – truly a fate worse
than death.

Well over three quarters of
Springleaf’s population was
destroyed, along with every enclave
save one. Those who managed to
escape made their way to the frosted

Once, the Winterleaf were as flush
with vital life magic as any glade
to have ever set root within the
Mortal Realms. During the Age of
Myth they were the Springleaf, and
they were prolific, with enclaves
spread across Ghyran. Their capital,
Dappelloren, was hailed as the
largest and fairest of all Sylvaneth
greenholds. It was ruled over by the
Bough-mother, and clans from other
glades travelled far to see the fabled
Hanging Gardens of Shimmervale,

forests of Rimewald, where King
Scrioshal attempted to rally what
remained of his glade. This defence
likewise fell, at the Battle of Frozen
Grief, and the survivors fled into
the wastes.

Since then, the name Springleaf
was used no more. Those who
lived became fey and melancholy,
establishing new enclaves only in
blasted heaths, glacial ice fields and
barren lands. Gone was their vibrant
colour; these Sylvaneth instead
exhibited pale colours and foliage
of icy blue. The sigils within their
bodies still blaze green, for only their
hatred of Chaos remains verdant.
They are now Winterleaf Glade.

To stand before the wargroves of
Winterleaf is to know the icy fury of
the blizzard as it rips its way through
the rattling, clawing branches of
a leafless canopy. They advance
with the cold inevitability of the
oncoming of winter itself.


PAGEBREAK
Dreadwood Glade

DREADWOOD GLADE

Sinister, duplicitous, spiteful – all Sylvaneth can be merciless, but those of the Dreadwood have a reputation for
cruelty. They are intolerant of other races and will go out of their way to attack them, taking a wicked delight in
devious and inventive punishments.

but rather in the black hearts of the
most fearful deepwoods. They are
the watchers in the shadows, the
forest beings that shift pathways
and ambush travellers not only
to protect their lands, but for
their own amusement. They are
masters of surprise attacks and
illusionary magic.

The other glades do not trust
Dreadwood. Its clans are cruel,
malicious and spiteful, and delight
in tormenting non-Sylvaneth. They
never did have much mercy, and the
terrible centuries of the Age of Chaos
have leached away the last of it. They
are expert at subterfuge and trickery,
and dark whispers persist that this

callous and ambitious glade had
something to do with the Shrouded
Time. Certainly, it cannot be denied
that more Outcasts are drawn to
their musters than to those of any
other glade.

Dreadwood enclaves can be found
across the Mortal Realms, and they
often thrive where other Sylvaneth
struggle, such as in Ulgu and even
Shyish. Dreadwood Sylvaneth
exhibit colourations that are usually
some combination of pale and
dark hues, ak in to moonlight on a
shadowy bough. Their weapons and
sigils often glow an angry red – a
reflection of the malice they harbour
for other beings.

As there are many types of forests,
so too are there many types of
Sylvaneth. Those of the Dreadwood
were not planted as soulpods in
merry and sun-dappled greenery,

HEARTWOOD GLADE

In Heartwood is found bravery, but not vainglory. They are steadfast and true, and the spirit of battle runs in their
lifesap, yet it is tempered by the wisdom of age and a long history of strong leadership. They are the first to answer
war’s call, and they likewise pride themselves as being the last to leave the battlefield.

Heartwood Glade

the foe to penetrate its inner forests,
launching fierce counter-attacks to
drive back the enemy every time they
threatened to break through.

Heartwood Glade are long-standing
allies of Oakenbrow, and lately have
found themselves championing
the aggressive behaviour of
Harvestboon. Several of their
clans have also made alliances of
convenience with aelves, but they
are leery to do so again after betrayal
by both the Idoneth Deepkin and
the Daughters of Khaine. Those
of Heartwood not only distrust
Dreadwood, but also despise them.

This glade has long worshipped
Kurnoth as Alarielle’s spirit-consort.
It was Heartwood wargroves that
engaged the Chaos forces at the
disastrous Battle of Tears and
recovered the spear of the fallen
Hunter God, which they brought to
the Everqueen. None celebrate the
periodic Hunter’s Moon festival as

Heartwood are said to be the most
courageous of all the glades. They
have ever been at the forefront of the
Sylvaneth’s wars, and since Alarielle’s
rebirth this is truer than ever.

Heartwood enclaves can be found
throughout Ghyran, but their capital
and queen can be found in Hol’leath
in the lands of Kurnotheal. Despite
the enclave being invaded many
times during the Age of Chaos, the
brave defenders never once allowed

do they, and when a Wild Hunt is
called, many members of Heartwood
heed the summons.

‘When the realmroots throb with the

song of war, we shall always answer.

Even if

the foe outnumber the leaves in

a forest, we will march forth to meet

them. Nothing shall stay our spirit,

for

we are the Heartwood, and we stand

ever ready to fight.’

- Thorma, Branchwych of House Hol

Since the arrival of the Kurnoth
Hunters and the Arch-Revenants,
the clans of Heartwood have made
every effort to welcome them and
facilitate their missions if they can.
It is common to see the wargroves of
Heartwood led into battle by whole
hunting parties of these Free Spirits.

In appearance, those of Heartwood
glade tend towards fulsome green
foliage and glittering sky-blue sigils.


PAGEBREAK
ALARIELLE THE EVERQUEEN

Queen of the Radiant Wood, All-mother of Ghyran, Goddess of the Realm of Life – Alarielle is creator and
destroyer, both sower of seeds and fell-handed reaper. She is like nature itself – merciless in its beauty, and moving
in ever-changing cycles. Alarielle is the revered leader of the Sylvaneth, and to them her word is law.

Alarielle the Everqueen

Alarielle, Queen of the Radiant
Wood, is an ancient and powerful
being. She is the goddess of life, her
powers intrinsically intertwined
with the flowing magic of Ghyran,
the Jade Realm. Vitality exudes
from Alarielle, and in her presence
the ground blossoms so that even
the most hostile realmscapes are
rendered habitable. At her call, new
life springs forth, while skies clear
at her joy, or weep in sympathy with
her sorrows. Where she strides, there
does life spring, so that ironoaks can
grow from seed to towering maturity
in the blink of an eye.

As with all living things, Alarielle is
a creature of cycles. With the passage
of time, her aspect changes. The
sudden energy of bountybloom gives
way to the harshness of hag-winter,
which sees her become stubborn and
withdrawn, pristine yet cold-hearted.
The season of grief is over, and now
is wrathharvest , the season of war
– a time for the vengeful reaping of
those who made victims of Alarielle’s
children for so long. The goddess
revels in her new role, and she has
flourished into the fu l l fury of her
warrior self so that her enemies
cower in terror before her.

The war aspect of the Everqueen
interlaces the wrath of a mother
guarding her brood, a fierce
drive to conquer, and a terrifying
ruthlessness towards her enemies
and those who have displeased her.
Yet the war she wages is not as any
mortal would know it; rather, it
is the battles of the natural world
concentrated into the actions and
wi l l of a single being. On one level it
is a constant, glacially slow struggle,
like the fight of roots against stone.
Pushing, intertwining, cracking,
the tendrils of her resolve probe for
weak points in her foe’s designs,
just as, over time, the smallest
shoot can grow to split the largest
boulder. It is a clash of growth, such
as takes place in the forest as trees
forever seek to rise higher than the
others, to send forth their branches

to capture the most light from the
heavens. Yet conversely, her struggles
can often be likened to the contest
between hunter and prey, the battle
for surviva l condensed into a few
fleeting, heart-pounding moments in
which the continuance of life teeters
on a knife’s edge.

Though Alarielle leads nothing less
than a battle for the surviva l of her
children, she is no longer on the
defensive. She pushes the Sylvaneth
to conquer like an invasive species,
to spread and to proliferate – to
set their roots into not just that
which they once ruled and then
lost during the Age of Chaos, but
to seize all lands that they survey.
Alarielle’s war aspect is one of
relentless aggression, and she wi l ls
her children to attack, to drive out
the impurities that threaten Ghyran
and to spread unchecked across the
Mortal Realms.

The Everqueen’s fierce beauty in
her war guise is both fair and
frightening to behold. She glows
with divine power, standing taller
than a Stormcast Eternal and girded
in the gleaming raiment of battle.
The artefacts and weapons she bears
were ancient even at the dawn of
the Age of Myth, and embody the
cycles of blooming, reaping and
withering. The Spear of Kurnoth –
which stories claim contains the last
vestiges of the Hunter God himself
– projects raking blasts of energy,
while the Talon of the Dwindling
drains the life from the Everqueen’s
foes and reduces them to gnarled,
desiccated husks.

Bursting with life magic, Alarielle
can summon clouds of healing
pollen with but a thought, command
the roots of trees to snare foes or
form protective shields around allies,
or send forth swarms of spites with
lethal stings. She can even transform
her enemies, causing flesh and bone
to twist in an agonising fashion until
the victim becomes just another tree
in the Wyldwood.

‘The winds have shifted – the tides have

changed. Our foes have brought about

this season. It was they who planted the

seeds of war, and now comes the time of

reaping. They can no more stop me now

than they can halt

the coming of dawn.

Onwards, my children…’

- Alarielle the Everqueen

WARDROTH BEETLE
Alarielle rides to battle atop an
immense spite known as a wardroth
beetle. This living battering ram
crushes all before it and fights with
incredible loyalty to defend its
queen and goddess. The creature’s
great horns can topple fortifications
and send scores of enemy warriors
hurtling through the air with a
single, mighty swipe.

Whenever Alarielle takes to the
air upon her fronded wings, her
wardroth beetle shatters into a
million swirling glowspites. These
flow through the air around the
Everqueen before solidifying once
more as her feet touch down upon
its back. From the thick armoured
shell of the monstrous creature
hang glittering vessels known as
soul amphorae, within which swirl
magical pollens that can bring forth
new Sylvaneth from the ground
or choke the life from the enemy.
Although the massive spite has been
slain on rare occasions, Alarielle
bears soulseeds with which she can
regrow new incarnations of her
faithful steed.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
NOBLE SPIRITS

The beings known as Noble Spirits are given great respect and reverence amongst the Sylvaneth, for they are the
commanders and warrior class who guide them during peace and war. Whether leading a wargrove to battle or
heading the cyclic rituals of the glades, these beings are the aristocrats of the treefolk.

Standing above all other Noble
Spirits are the Treelord Ancients and
Treelords. They are lore-keepers and
leaders, the ruling caste who guide
the Sylvaneth in combat and use
their monstrous strength to smash
enemy battle lines asunder.

all else – traits these elder wonders
possess in abundance. It is for this
reason that Alarielle appointed
them with the rule of her children,
and it is to the credit of the Treelord
Ancients that they have rarely failed
in their stewardship.

Noble Spirits

The life magic flowing through
these huge beings is such that their
connection to the spirit-song is
especially strong. Most Noble Spirits
can travel along the spirit paths, also
called realmroots, for only short
distances – usually no further than
they can see, hear or smell. The most
powerful Treelords and Ancients
can sometimes range much further,
and there are tales of exceptional
individuals, such as Thelphenil
of House Ith’laer or Nuurnil the
Wanderer, striding many leagues in
the blink of an eye.

Treelords and Ancients can project
and perceive the spirit-song across
great distances. They commune with
one another in streams of colour
and sensation, coordinating strategy
and conveying messages between
enclaves sometimes hundreds of
miles apart. Yet as powerful as they
are, even Treelords cannot project
their song between realms. That gift
is Alarielle’s alone.

Treelord Ancients and Treelords
are beloved by the Sylvaneth and
by the living environment of their
homes. Growing plants – from the
least seedling to the eldest tree – bow
slightly at their passing. Attracted by
their sonorous spirit-song, swarms
of spites typically infest a Treelord’s
branches, hiding in every nook of
their craggy hides.

TREELORD ANCIENTS
Foremost amongst the Noble Spirits
are the Treelord Ancients, incredibly
long-lived beings and the leaders of
the clans. They are revered by the
Sylvaneth, who respect age and the
wisdom of the natural order above

Through their vast knowledge
and long absorption of life magic,
Treelord Ancients wield potent
eldritch powers. The majority of
these are concerned with growth
and nurturing, enchantments they
frequently employ upon their clan
and the woods and enclaves in which
they make their homes. In times of
strife, however, such abilities are
turned to war. In battle they send
tangling masses of roots and thorns
to tear enemies apart, shield their
allies with whirling barriers of
wind and twining vines, and even
conjure up Wyldwoods from the
realmroots far below. The spirit-song
thrums strongly in these venerable
beings, and they can use its powerful
notes to warn their nearby kin of
incoming threats.

It is not their magic alone that makes
Treelord Ancients so dangerous, for
though their saps runs slower than
it did in their youth, they are still
beings of immense strength. Their
sweeping blows batter down the
enemy’s ranks , while the iron-hard
tips of their limbs can easily impale
even an armoured foe. Treelord
Ancients bear staves gifted to them
by Alarielle, from which snake vines
that can coil around and strangle
enemies. Those who attempt to close
with the towering Sylvaneth find
themselves thrown off balance by
ground-shaking stomps, or harried
by the spites that often make their
homes in the Treelords’ foliage.

As they lay about themselves with
spell and stave, the Ancients commit
every detail to memory. Even in
the direst of circumstances, the
venerable Sylvaneth are able to keep
some part of their minds serene,

taking in every nuance of events
around them. They know the face
and name of each spirit that follows
them into battle, and absorb every
feature of their enemies. They do
this so that this knowledge can be
passed to later generations when
their lamentiri finally return to the
soulpod groves. Such memories can
also be recalled at wi l l with absolute
clarity, giving Ancients access to
centuries of strategic insight.

Treelord Ancients are a rare sight,
one made rarer still by the long
periods of dormancy they require
due to their advanced age. Although
most of the larger glades boast
several Ancients in their number,
seldom are all of them active at any
one time. Only at great need are all
such revered beings disturbed from
their quiescent repose.

A LOST ENCLAVE
Ylthari and her Guardians grew
from a soulpod grove in the
Jade Embassy, which long ago
stood on the verdant outskirts
of Shadespire. The Sylvaneth
of this enclave were envoys
who spoke to the Katophranes
on behalf of Alarielle. They
formed strong bonds with those
who dwelt in and travelled
through Shadespire, but all was
sundered when Nagash cursed
the city. In that instant, the
Sylvaneth were cut down, and
the soulpods that housed their
spirits were imprisoned within
the Mirrored City. With the
advent of the necroquake, the
life magic of Alarielle has been
able to seep through cracks in
reality back into Shadespire.
Some of the Sylvaneth trapped
there have stirred once more,
with Ylthari and her Guardians
being the first to awaken.
Imbued with bountiful vigour
and wrath, they seek the lost
soulpods of their fallen kin .


PAGEBREAK
TREELORDS
The Treelords are the boughmasters
and strongbranches of the Ancients,
arbiters of their wi l l and protectors
of their groves. With sap that runs
quickly through them, Treelords are
more dynamic than their revered
elders, and more likely to act on
impulse. They are energetic leaders
and far more warlike in aspect,
being likely to choose violence as a
solution to any troubles as opposed
to their venerable kin. Treelords are
often seen by the Ancients as reckless
youths, though even the least mature
of their number has likely endured
many lifetimes of lesser mortals. It
takes much longer still to achieve
the profound patience and deeper
wisdom of the Ancients, as well as
their mastery of life magic.

Each Treelord combines the ski l l and
discipline of a born warrior with the
resilience and power of a siege tower.
In battle their mighty limbs crush
knots of the foe with every blow,
and their twisting strangleroots
shoot outwards to shred more
distant enemies. All the while, the
Treelord sounds the song of war to
perfectly coordinate their followers
upon the battlefield. Although well
accustomed to fighting on their own,
a group of Treelords can break the
back of an entire army or bring a
Dreadhold crashing down with their
battering fists and burrowing roots.

Treelords are the Noble Spirits
who most personify the traits and
peculiarities of their glade. Those
of the Harvestboon clans, for
example, are lithe and passionate
beings, quick to wrath but also to
mirth . By comparison, the Treelords
of Ironbark Glade are stubborn
beyond reason, and many glimmer
with veins of metallic minerals
that lace their bodies, while those
of Gnarlroot are heavily knotted,
covered in moss and vines, and
frequently swarming with spites.
There are few who trust the sharp-
taloned Treelords of the Dreadwood
clans; these spirits are noble in
name only, favouring duplicity
and cruelty to achieve their aims.
By comparison, the Treelords of
Oakenbrow are regal creatures, and
they are just and exceptionally wise
in both counsel and deed.


PAGEBREAK
BRANCHWYCHES
Branchwyches are druidic figures,
practitioners of life magic and
protectors of their enclaves’ soulpod
groves. They also bear the sombre
responsibility of harvesting the
lamentiri of their clan’s fallen Noble
Spirits in the aftermath of battle.
These they gather with swings of
their scythes , reverently bearing the
seeds back to the soulpod groves so
that they may be planted anew in
sacred soil. This is a vital part of the
Sylvaneth life cycle, and a duty that
the Branchwyches wi l l go to any
lengths to see done.

Branchwyches are greatly respected
by their fellow Sylvaneth for their
abilities both as martial commanders
and magic wielders. They have a
heightened perception of the earth
and air around them, which grants
them a keen intuition that is not

always practical, but most often
proves correct. Unlike the steady,
even-paced logic of the Treelord
Ancients, they possess infamously
short tempers, and tend to act on
impulse. Only spites seem immune
to their ire – the odd creatures can
do no wrong in the Branchwyches’
eyes, and are often summoned to do
their bidding.

The most faithful of the
Branchwyches’ companions are
the bittergrubs – large caterpillar-
like creatures that ride upon their
keeper’s shoulders and savagely
attack any foes that draw near. When
a bittergrub has fed on its victims,
it metamorphoses, hardening over
many days into an emerald cocoon
before splitting open to disgorge a
shimmering cloud of silver pollen
that rejuvenates even the most
corrupted ground.

TREE-REVENANTS
The Sylvaneth equivalent to a
standing army is a Household.
Typically, each clan has three such
bodies of soldiery, though the
largest can field many more, and the
smallest might have but one. Each
Household is comprised of multiple
bands of Tree-Revenants. Their duty
is to enforce the wi l l of their clan,
patrol their borders and garrison all
defences, reconquer places of power
and crush the armies of those who
would do the Sylvaneth harm. The
spirits of a Household put great store
in the defence of those places their
glade considers sacred, and wi l l
slaughter invaders and trespassers
with sudden ferocity.

The Tree-Revenants affect a sombre
aspect, as befits the warrior caste
of their people. It is said that their
appearance echoes that of the
Protectors of ancient days, their
features flowing and strangely
delicate, their smooth-barked limbs
ending in hands that wield elegant
enchanted blades. In everything
they do, from their selfless defence
of the Forest Folk to the strokes and
swirls of their eerie fighting style, the
manner in which the Tree-Revenants
comport themselves is intended to
uphold and strengthen the memory
of those mythological beings. These
warriors of the Households even
bear worm-silk banners into battle,
rallying around these woodland
icons like the Protectors of old are
said to have done.

Though they fight in a regimented
fashion, and form the core of the
Sylvaneth battle line, this does not
mean that bands of Tree-Revenants
simply advance stolidly into the
teeth of an enemy army. Wherever
possible, Tree-Revenants prefer
to use the spirit paths to arrive in
battle, coursing along the realmroots
from one Wyldwood to the next
using the power of magically
resonant instruments known as
waypipes. Such tactics not only allow
the Tree-Revenants to outflank or
evade their enemies at the speed of
thought, they are also extremely
disconcerting for their foes. Few
sights are as frightening as these fey
spirits flickering through the trees
with murder in their eyes.


PAGEBREAK
Free Spirits

FREE SPIRITS

Free Spirits are those Sylvaneth who do not belong to the standard clan hierarchy but instead serve Alarielle
directly. The best known of these are the Kurnoth Hunters, Arch-Revenants and Spirits of Durthu. They move
from enclave to enclave and throughout the Mortal Realms at the goddess’ bidding.

KURNOTH HUNTERS
The rise of Alarielle’s war aspect
brought new warriors into the
Sylvaneth fold – the Kurnoth
Hunters. These mysterious beings
were grown from soulpods not long
after Alarielle’s metamorphosis,
and they quickly sprouted upwards,
standing nearly twice the size of
a Dryad. Masters of sword, bow
and scythe , they are strong enough
to tear a man in two, and despite
their hulking size they move with a
natural grace, quietly moving into
position with less noise than the
gentlest of breezes rustling through a
forest’s eaves.

Travelling in small bands, Kurnoth
Hunters typically range ahead of
Alarielle’s wargroves. There is speed
and subtlety to their movements,
and some even whisper that an
enchantment from their mother
goddess lends them stealth, allowing
them to pass undetected through all
but the most heavily guarded terrain.
With infinite patience the Hunters
track their quarry, monitor enemy
movements or seek out ideal ambush
sites. They are especially adept at
communicating via the realmroots,
allowing the Hunters to heed their
leader’s commands or to report
what they see across distances and
obstacles that would block the efforts
of other races.

When they fight, the Kurnoth
Hunters show none of the capricious
whimsy of some of their kin. After
standing perfectly still, the Hunters
wi l l suddenly strike, moving and
k i l l ing with a graceful precision.
Each fluid movement has a
considered purpose, and not a single
motion or weapon swing is wasted.
Effortlessly the Free Spirits feint,
parry and strike with massive blades
and scythes that would take three
lesser warriors simply to move, while
their powerful hind claws sink into
the earth to hold them firm before an
enemy charge, or rise up in order to
crush and trample.

Some Kurnoth Hunters wield
elegantly curved bows that stand
twice as tall as a man. Deceptively
nimble for their great size, the
gnarled hands of these archers
move with blurring speed as they
notch, draw, aim and loose their
arrows, accurately hitting targets
at incredible distances. However, at
need, those same hands can easily
rend flesh and crush bone. During
such times, the Hunters do not fight
with animal rage but with an air of
calm – a quiet and deadly storm in
the midst of a tumultuous melee, or
confrontation with the most rabid
and bloodthirsty of foes.

In addition to their roles as scouts
and elite fighting formations, the
Kurnoth Hunters also serve as the
Everqueen’s executioners. Should
a foe commit crimes against
Ghyran or an enemy war leader be
deemed too dangerous to live, the
Kurnoth Hunters have their queen’s
dispensation to call a Wild Hunt.
At such times, all Sylvaneth are
compelled to lend their strength to
the Hunters’ quest, and wi l l not rest
until their prey has been cornered
and slain.

The Kurnoth Hunters are considered
taciturn and strange by most other
Sylvaneth. Kurnoth is an elder deity
from the world-that-was, who fell
combating the forces of Nurgle
during the Age of Chaos. Yet no few
whisper that Alarielle still bears
some of that divine being’s essence
locked away in the heirloom spear
she carries, and it is this she uses to
summon her spirit-consort during
the high rituals of each seasonal
cycle. It was immediately following
the rites of the Heartfire Equinox
that the soulpods of the Kurnoth
Hunters were grown, leading many
to speculate that the Free Spirits were
formed as a result of that union.

While the Kurnoth Hunters venerate
their living goddess and devote
themselves utterly to Alarielle’s will ,

they also give praise to Kurnoth,
and dedicate those slain in battle
as sacrifices upon his altar. Many
Sylvaneth discretely observe rites to
minor demigods of the seasons, but
the overt worship of another deity
sits uncomfortably with some – the
most obvious exception being those
of Heartwood, who also venerate
the Hunter God. Alarielle vouches
for her most warlike creations, and
this is enough for most, but there are
still those who watch the newcomers
warily, despite all their great
victories against the forces of Chaos.

SPITES
Spites are h igh ly mag ica l
creatures that spring up
around concentrations of
Alarielle ’s chi ldren . They are
extremely diverse in their
forms, rang ing from tiny flying
humanoids and insect-like
creatures to monsters of tru ly
vast proportions. Some are
irascib le , others wh ims ica l ,
others cruel or w ise , foolish
or enigmatic . Many spites
possess an innate ab i l ity to
conjure minor spe l ls . Some
spit, bite or st ing w ith an array
of venoms, whi le others fight
w ith tiny weapons or tang le
v ic t ims in binding thorn-vines .
Though they are often car ing
and protective towards sites of
natura l beauty or loci of arcane
power, they are aggressive
towards a l l other l iv ing beings
save the Sy lvaneth , and w i l l
actively seek to hurt outsiders
who enter their forests. They
take great delight in mis leading
trespassers who are lost, and
leading wanderers to a horrible
doom. In war, a l l these talents
can be turned to the ass istance
of the Sy lvaneth , whi le in
return the c lans indulge the
spites in their nonsense and
p lay fu lness , and protect them
from harm .


PAGEBREAK
ARCH-REVENANTS
In her war guise, Alarielle has
seen fit to add to the arsenal of the
Sylvaneth, for she knows the battles
are only just begun. As the Sylvaneth
march out to reclaim their lands, a
new seeding of hot-sapped, martial
heroes has emerged. Known as Arch-
Revenants, these swift and deadly
warriors are as skilled as scouts and
spies as they are as war leaders.

Arch-Revenants regularly
accompany and fight alongside other
Free Spirits. They are charged by
Alarielle herself with travelling the
realms, rousing the enclaves and
spurring the clans to war. Where
foes are in too great a number to
defeat militarily, the Arch-Revenants
seek ways to undermine them. They
are exceptional manipulators and
cunning spies – in this, they can
be likened to the relentless creep of
vines as they overtake and strangle
the tallest trees, gradually sapping
the strength of the foe before
smothering them entirely. Piece
by piece, inch by inch, an Arch-
Revenant wi l l complete their mission
no matter the magnitude of the task
or the obstacles in their path.

Arch-Revenants are masterful
warriors. They can leap from
one spirit path to the next like
quicksilver, allowing them to close
the distance to their enemies with
blistering speed. By they time they
go to battle they wi l l have already
gathered every shred of information
they can about their targets,
employing agents in the form of
spites, Dryads and Kurnoth Hunters
to aid them in their surveillance.
This vital intelligence allows them to
strike precisely where they wi l l have
the greatest impact.

Winged insectile creatures known
as zephyrspites cling to the backs
of the Arch-Revenants, allowing
these Sylvaneth to soar from one
area of the battlefield to another
with lightning speed. In this way,
the Free Spirits repeatedly strike
the most vulnerable elements of the
enemy force, picking it apart one
swift assault at a time before finally
swooping in to deliver the k i l l ing
blow. Armed with elegant glaives,
the Arch-Revenants deliver powerful

blows that slice through armour with
ease, while their crescent-shaped
shields can be used defensively or
to help guide their strikes. Even
their zephyrspites are lethal, for the
creatures possess wicked tail pincers
capable of severing heads and limbs.

Despite their obvious battle prowess
and the favour of Alarielle, the Arch-
Revenants are not fully trusted.
Most of the glade Regents and clan
leaders tend towards conservatism,
so the Free Spirits’ acceptance into
Sylvaneth society has been a difficult
process. The fact that the Arch-
Revenants themselves have little
time or respect for the traditional
structures of the clans works against
them as well. Their ability to evade
notice is so advanced they can freely
traverse the Sylvaneth’s established
territorial boundaries, and while this
talent is most often used to spy upon
and sabotage Alarielle’s foes, it has
not endeared them to their fellows.

Furthermore, before battle, the
Arch-Revenants make the Sign of
the Hunter, for they give worship to
both their mother goddess and the
God of the Hunt – another mark
against them in the eyes of the
traditionalists. What other Sylvaneth
most commonly hold against them,
however, is the unsettling effect
the Arch-Revenants have upon
the spirit-song, which swells with
wrathfu l overtones in the mere
presence of one of these warriors.
Even the most sombre forest spirits
are stirred to belligerence and
action in close proximity to one
of these Free Spirits; those who
have spent centuries surviving by
secrecy and concealment suddenly
find themselves filled with the urge
to strike swift and true against
Alarielle’s foes, no matter the cost.

Arch-Revenants are not blind to the
diplomatic etiquette observed and
expected by those clans they wish
to rouse to war, but their essential
natures are coloured by Alarielle’s
most aggressive aspects. Most of
them are forthright and impatient
beings who see their mission and
duty to the Everqueen as paramount,
and, if tested, they wi l l imperiously
thrust aside that which impedes
them, be it friend or foe.

SPIRITS OF DURTHU
Blazing with eldritch energies,
Spirits of Durthu descend upon foes
of the Sylvaneth like the wood-
daemons in the mythologies of many
of the realms’ mortal races. They
are echoes of an impossibly ancient
and heroic being from the world-
that-was, a loyal and indomitable
ally of the Everqueen. In size and
shape, the Spirits of Durthu are
similar to Treelords, but they can be
readily distinguished by the massive
guardian swords they wield.

Like the Kurnoth Hunters and Arch-
Revenants, the Spirits of Durthu
belong to no clan or glade, but rather
are loyal to Alarielle alone. They
are sent by the goddess across the
Mortal Realms – either individually
or in groups – to act as her warlords
and agents of her wi l l . Occasionally
they are despatched as envoys to
other factions and races, but most
often they operate within the various
Sylvaneth enclaves to ensure that
Alarielle’s decrees are being enacted
by her children.

T he Blightkings formed a
circle, hoping that their
final stand might strike
a crippling blow to the hated
wood-beasts. Yet they strayed
too close to the Wyldwoods,
and from those gnarled boughs
burst Lum’na’thil, his inner fires
blazing. In two strides the Spirit
of Durthu was upon them, a
blast of purifying life energies
felling half his foes, and a single
swipe of his sword cleaving the
rest apart.
As one, the oncoming Dryads
and their leader Illith bowed
their heads. ‘We thank you,
Great Ancestor,’ spoke Illith.
‘Doubtlessly the humans on the
roadway will thank you also.’
Turning to face the Forest
Folk, the mighty Lum’na’thil
held Illith’s gaze for a moment
before speaking in heavy bass.
‘Mmm… I think not. I slew
them too. Alarielle sends word
to beware all interlopers. They
might carry disease. Admit no
strangers. Take no risks.’


PAGEBREAK
Spirits of Durthu are intrinsically
connected to the natural world,
but their loyalty belongs first and
foremost to Alarielle. They follow
her every command, and would cut
down without hesitation any who
threatened the Everqueen, no matter
their station. Their counsel has often
proved invaluable to the goddess, but
the relationship between the Spirits
and their creator has been strained at
times. During the darkest moments
of the War of Life, Alarielle flew
into a rage and banished the Sons of
Durthu from her lands. The reason
for this ostracism is known only to
the Everqueen and her most trusted

servants. Dismayed but still faithful ,
the Sons departed in an exodus
now referred to as the Splintering.
Scattering across the Mortal Realms,
some fell into a state of miserable
hibernation, while others sought a
final death in battle rather than face
their overwhelming sorrow. The
majority wandered far and wide,
battling evil wherever it could be
found and hoping that their mother
would one day call them home.
Summoning the Sons of Durthu
back was one of Alarielle’s first acts
upon her rebirth, and most of her
protectors returned to once more
serve their queen.

Spirits of Durthu are rich in wisdom,
and their counsel is steeped in
tradition and ancient lore, yet they
are much more than simply bearers
of Alarielle’s word. A single Spirit of
Durthu is a warrior with the power
to turn the tide of a battle, and their
presence in a wargrove emboldens
all nearby Sylvaneth, no matter
the glade from which they hail.
With swords that are longer than
some trees are tall, they can cleave
through entire ranks of the enemy,
or sever a limb from a gargant
with a single blow. The Spirits can
channel their inner energies through
their blades, discharging verdant
blasts of life magic that can slay
a charging bullgor. Even without
their enchanted weapons, these
mighty Free Spirits are extremely
dangerous – their fists strike harder
than a falling ironoak, while their
talons can pierce the toughest hides
of monsters, or punch clean through
man-sized foes.

Incandescent in their fury, there
are many tales of Spirits of Durthu
leading the Sylvaneth to shatter
enemy battle lines, or standing
alone before an onrushing tide of
foes. Often Spirits of Durthu are
tasked with serving as bodyguards,
protecting a vital personage such as
a Treelord Ancient or Branchwych
on the battlefield. Indeed, since the
Age of Myth, Alarielle has formed
her own hand-chosen honour guard
from the Spirits’ ranks , naming
them the Sons of Durthu. The deeds
of this warrior brotherhood are
legend among the Sylvaneth, and
their appearance in a battle strikes
fear into the hearts of the followers
of Chaos.

All Sylvaneth are the children of
Alarielle, and are linked to each
other in a way that outsiders cannot
fathom. This is even more true of the
Spirits of Durthu, who are bonded
to their brothers on a level so deep
that they possess something ak in
to a shared consciousness. Those
Alarielle chooses to serve in the
Sons of Durthu are a particularly
tight-knit brotherhood, for each
of them was grown from the very
first soulpod seeding planted by the
Everqueen on her maiden journey
through the Realm of Life.


PAGEBREAK
OUTCASTS

Outcasts

Hissing and shrieking, the mysterious Outcasts surge from the shadows of the Wyldwoods and fall upon their
victims with malicious savagery. Darkness twines around these terrible creatures, and they are feared not only by
outsiders who lay eyes upon them but also other Sylvaneth.

Shrouded in darkness and mystery,
the creatures known as Outcasts
inhabit wild places soured by malice.
They come in many forms, great and
small, but all are marked by the same
aura of unnaturalness. These twisted
spirits are notoriously unpredictable
even for Sylvaneth, for they are
cut off from all but the darkest
harmonies of the spirit-song. Their
minds exist in a terrible void, though
whether this is a symptom of their
condition or its cause is unclear. The
Outcasts perceive only the song of
war, and thus interact with their kin
only when the Sylvaneth muster for
battle. Even then, the Outcasts stand
apart from the clans, a situation
that Alarielle’s untainted children
strive to maintain. After all, no one
is really sure whether the Outcasts’
madness is contagious…

Some Outcasts have grown
sedentary, appearing as no more
than ancient trees, yet they are
black-hearted, their roots seeking to
strangle any living thing that draws
near. Others are glint-eyed creatures,
winged tree-folk that bear long, cruel
stingers or barbed talons. Their bitter
presence taints the forest, giving
rise to chilled corners where living
creatures fear to tread. By far the
most common and active Outcasts
are the Spite-Revenants.

SPITE-REVENANTS
Where other Sylvaneth are
graceful beings at one with nature
and suffused with life magic, the
creatures known as Spite-Revenants
are not. They do not move with the
grace of the Tree-Revenants, but

rather in fitful flickering bursts,
like a nightmare vision that at one
moment is impossibly fast and at
the next is painfu l ly slow. They are
surrounded by an aura that instils
spite in living things around them,
and plants that possess wicked
thorns or bear poisonous fruit tend
to proliferate where they lurk.

When war calls the Sylvaneth,
the Spite-Revenants also answer,
creeping forth from the deepest
shadows of the forests. In many
places they come in numbers that
rival those of the Households. These
terrible creatures hurl themselves
into battle, darting wildly amongst
the enemy ranks with their talons
slashing and fangs bared. The fires
of madness burn brightly in their
eyes, and the darkness seems to cling


PAGEBREAK
to them, so that they flitter weirdly
away from the light, appearing like
sporadic patches of gloom on a
sunlight-dappled forest floor.

Where Dryads sing a war dirge in
battle, Spite-Revenants give voice
to a nerve-shredding cacophony of
horror and hate fit to drive mortal
minds beyond the brink of sanity.
These Outcasts drench themselves
in the blood of the foe, perpetrating
acts of murderous butchery that
shock the most stalwart of their
fellow Sylvaneth. They are known
to take trophies and to string the
remains of the slain in gruesome
fashion amongst the branches. Even
the fiercest of foes dread fighting
against or even near Spite-Revenants.
Their extreme violence is unnerving
enough, but it is the palpable waves
of spiritual dissonance which radiate
from them that truly unsettle their
prey, and many foes have simply
fled in terror when affected by this
disturbing phenomenon.

With regard to colouration, many
Spite-Revenants exhibit the hues
of the glade they most often fight
alongside, while others display
their own unique colours. With the
exception of some, most notably
Dreadwood, such association sits ill
at ease with the glades, who prefer to
distance themselves from Outcasts.

DRYCHA HAMADRETH
Only one twisted in mind and soul
would seek the company of the
Outcasts, yet Drycha Hamadreth
has named herself their Regent. It is
said that Drycha is a truly ancient
spirit who fought in the wars at the
end of the world-that-was. Many
say she failed Alarielle at that time.
Certainly, it was not until the darkest
days of the Age of Chaos that the
Everqueen relented and planted
Drycha’s soulseed, releasing the
Branchwraith from her limbo. In
truth, Alarielle feared the damage
that Drycha’s firebrand madness
might do and the horrors she might
wreak. The Everqueen worried
also that Drycha’s was a necessary
darkness, and that by keeping
her imprisoned, the mother had
somehow weakened her children.

Alarielle planted Drycha’s barbed
seed in the hateful chasm known
as the Hamadrithil. There dwelt an
ancient and malicious sentience
that Alarielle hoped would make
Drycha strong. The Everqueen got
her wish and more. What burst
from that shadowed rift was no mere
Branchwraith. Drycha Hamadreth
walked in a body of twisted vines
and gnarled thorn-root, the
embodiment of the Hamadrithil’s
malice. Ever torn between fury and
anguish, Drycha’s bitter soul drew

deadly spites to infest her form.
The flitterfuries came to bask in
the heat of Drycha’s rage, while the
squirmlings suckled at her sorrow.

Drycha sang her own song, a
discordant dirge of hatred for all
those not of the Sylvaneth, and she
drew the Outcasts to her in great
number, along with other disaffected
clans. In her new incarnation,
Drycha was uncontrollable, a
force of nature’s wrath that ripped
through the allies of the Sylvaneth
as readily as their enemies. Unable
to command her wayward daughter,
but unwilling to destroy her,
Alarielle was forced to name Drycha
an Outcast herself. This seems only
to have strengthened Drycha’s
resolve, for she rules the other
Outcasts as a twisted queen in the
place of their estranged goddess.

Drycha herself remains an agent of
anarchy and destruction, though
she retains a grudging loyalty to
her mother goddess. She draws
no distinction between orruk and
Stormcast, gor-kin and duardin,
although she wi l l fight by anyone’s
side providing that to do so furthers
her genocidal aims. Drycha seeks the
ultimate dominion of the Sylvaneth
over the Mortal Realms, and she wi l l
fight however and wherever she feels
she must until that end is achieved.

THE SHROUDED SEASON
There are some things of which the Sylvaneth never
speak. Most of these are the grimmer aspects of
the natural cycles through which Alarielle and her
children must pass, also known by various clans as
Dreadcycles or simply the Change. Yet even amongst
such forbidden subjects there is one that stands
alone – the origin of the Outcasts. It is not simply that
Alarielle’s children do not wish to speak of that time –
it is that they literally cannot recall it.

As the horrors of the Age of Chaos unfolded, the
Sylvaneth found themselves steadily losing the War of
Life. The Everqueen, spurred to desperate measures,
began a long ritual. What happened next is unknown,
and those ancient beings who lived through that age
recall it only as a blur, their memories fogged over by
a powerful enchantment. It is known as the Shrouded
Season, a hidden time the mere mention of which
sends shivers from the boughs to the roots of even
the mightiest Treelord, a period when the Sylvaneth’s
racial memories run blank .

The first of those who would come to be called
Outcasts appeared soon after, frightful creatures that
were out of balance with nature. It was not long before
their horrific deeds and unsettling auras caused them
to be exiled from the clans. These new beings were of
the Sylvaneth yet not, a darker reflection of Alarielle’s
otherwise wholesome children.

Many speculate about the Outcasts’ origins. Some
say that perhaps they were spites who tried to become
Sylvaneth but instead morphed into something
monstrous. Others rumour they are the product of
soulpods grown in tainted soil. Yet other theories
claim that they could be Sylvaneth given in to despair,
or beings born from soulpods that the goddess had
been too fearful to plant, but nevertheless did so in
a time of great desperation. What occurred, they
wonder, that was so awful that it compelled Alarielle to
shield her children behind a veil of forgetfulness and
to bear the burden of memory alone? None can say,
but all Sylvaneth bar the Outcasts themselves are filled
with disquiet when they think upon such matters.


PAGEBREAK
FOREST FOLK

By far the most numerous and widespread of the Sylvaneth are the Forest Folk. These are the tribal bands of
Dryads that make up the bulk of most clans, along with the Branchwraiths who act as their chieftains and
spiritual guides. They launch flailing attacks with their wicked claws before suddenly fading back into the forest.

Forest Folk

The Forest Folk were once peaceful
creatures, but that idyllic time passed
even as the Age of Chaos began.
Those Sylvaneth temperamentally
or physically incapable of fighting
back against the invaders that
befouled the lands of the Dryads
were soon reduced to hacked and
splintered corpsewood. For the
rest, life became a constant battle to
hide, to flee, to live. Day by day, the
joy and cheer was driven out of the
Forest Folk, replaced by bitterness
and hate for those who had despoiled
their paradise.

As the years ground by, the Forest
Folk became adept at surviving
on their own, at hiding in secret
enclaves and at fighting back against
their oppressors. Gentle hands
transformed into jagged talons.
Pale eyes burned with a hunger
and bitterness that they had not
known since the days before myth.
Constant and brutal war made
killers of the Forest Folk whether
they wished it or not, and these now
insular and mistrustfu l creatures
excel in sta lking and ambushing
their enemies.

DRYADS
Since the Age of Myth, primitive
tribes of men have known Dryads
by various names, such as the
woods-that-walk, forest daemons or
treefolk. They are fast, and are rarely
seen if they do not wish to be.

Dryads were amongst the first
Sylvaneth planted by Alarielle,
and they were definitely the most
numerous. She scattered them
across all the Mortal Realms, but
particularly in the lands she loved
best in Ghyran. They are difficult
for humans to comprehend, being
impulsive creatures whose minds
whirl with mercurial thoughts
and who are stirred by wind and
weather in ways other mortals
cannot fathom. They can appear
whimsical and even motherly to the
natural world around them, but as
quickly as clouds can cover the sun,
Dryads can shift moods, turning
altogether more deadly. The same
creatures that gently tend flora and
fauna can turn fierce and intractable
when protecting Sylvaneth-claimed
forests. As to those who approach
unbidden near to Sylvaneth
enclaves or sacred sites, there are no
innocents in the Dryads’ eyes, only
trespassers. They are likely to strike
first with intent to k i l l rather than
ask questions or issue warnings.

Insular and untrusting, Dryads do
not think in terms of grand strategy
or military manoeuvres, but instead
rely upon their instincts. In battle
they fight with unrestrained ferocity,
lashing and tearing the enemy in a
storm of savage strikes. Their vicious
talons are as sharp as any blade, and
are capable of punching straight
through Chaos-wrought armour
to rend the flesh beneath. They
are fast-moving and surprisingly
resilient for such willowy-looking
beings, their tough, bark-like hide
shrugging off blows that would
fell an armoured warrior. As they
fight, the Dryads sing keening
dirges of loss and fury that tear at


PAGEBREAK
mortal senses like cruel thorns, the
haunting melodies confounding
and distracting their prey. When
massed in numbers, Dryads aid one
another, each interweaving their
branches with those of their kin
to form an impenetrable thicket
for mutual protection. Within the
confines of the Wyldwood Dryads
are even more formidable, as tree
limbs, tanglevines, and myriad small
creatures and spites seek to aid them
and thwart their foes.

The champions of the Dryads are
known as Branch Nymphs, and
they are the fiercest and most vital
of their kind. When the Forest Folk
go to war they are first in battle, and
also lead the many Dryad rituals
that safeguard the enclaves and keep
them rich in life magic.

Here in the thickest

forest,

So dark, so deep,

We offer all blackest sleep.

It

is always night and never day,

Those who enter shall be our prey.

We will bury you where none can see,

A gift of

life to feed a tree.

So dark, so deep.

- Translated excerpt of a Sylvaneth

song heard on the bounds of

the

Verdural Forests

BRANCHWRAITHS
Branchwraiths are powerful
Sylvaneth that are especially attuned
to their forest surroundings. Natural
currents of life magic suffuse these
beings, which they are able to draw
from nearby Wyldwoods. In battle,
they can channel these energies into
coiling blasts of eldritch thorn-vines
to tear apart their enemies, or use
them as a harmonic resonator for the
spirit-song to better enable them to
coordinate, warn and summon forth
their Dryad followers.

Branchwraiths tend to the forests
and soulpod groves, watching over
them as a shepherd watches over
their flock. Their rites and spells
bring sustenance to bough and
branch, and they seek to guide
the oft-wayward Dryads upon
fitting paths.

Branchwraiths that are not slain
prematurely by battle, beast or
treachery can live for an extremely
long time. Many are gnarled by
centuries of warfare and exhibit an
unflinching pragmatism born of
great experience. The Branchwraiths
carry within their heartwood an
echo of the Noble Spirits’ greatness,
and though they do not bear
lamentiri, they still hold a critical
role within Sylvaneth society. It is
the Branchwraiths who most clearly
hear and project the spirit-song
amongst the Forest Folk, and they
who ensure that, when the song of
war is sung once more, their Dryad
bands join the muster.

While it is Treelords who lead
the enclaves, directly beneath
them in terms of authority are
the Branchwraiths, and they
are often appointed as wartime
commanders of the Forest Folk.
They are matriarchal figures and
spiritual warrior-chieftains who
curb the wild instincts of the more
fey of their followers, striving
constantly to ensure the surviva l
and well-being of their Dryad kin.
If the Branchwraiths have grown
stern in their years, it is only from
steering the fickle nature of their
charges, for outside of battle, Dryads
have a tendency to flit from task to
task and drift across forest regions
in patterns less discernible than
even the unpredictable weather of
bloomburst seasons.

In combat a Branchwraith’s piercing
talons, great agility and iron-
hard bark make them formidable
opponents. Most of their number
relish the opportunity to release the
pent-up frustrations they harbour
as a consequence of their many
responsibilities, and once their sap is
up, they wi l l remain in a belligerent
state for days.

SPELLS OF THE WILD
The cataclysm of the Shyish
necroquake wreaked havoc
upon the enclaves of the
Sylvaneth. Amethyst magic
swept across reality, withering
the boundless gardens of
nature, stripping the vitality
from ancient groves and
sending a shock wave of terror
through the Sylvaneth’s gestalt
consciousness. Yet the flood of
magic did not only bring with
it death and hopelessness. In
the depths of the forests and
beyond, arcane forms of life
became agitated, disturbed
by the screams of the treefolk
and the bitter aura of deathly
energies. These mythic
creatures, formed from the
pure essence of life magic, have
existed hidden from sight for
generations. Now they have
emerged from their secluded
haunts, seeking the source of
their anguish. When these
eldritch entities look upon
the devastation that has been
wrought across the realms they
are filled with rage.

Gladewyrms, ancient protectors
of the realmroots, surge forth
in untold numbers, answering
the call to war. Erupting from
the earth amidst the ranks
of trespassers and despoilers,
they rip their quarry to bloody
shreds with bladed carapace
and razor-sharp mandibles.
Vengeful Skullroots lumber
out of shadow-haunted glades,
their thick tendrils stretching
out to strangle the life from
enemies of the forest. Long have
these malign entities preyed
upon stray travellers in the
dark places of the wilds, but
now they bring their spiteful
presence to the field of battle.
Summoners call upon the
tides of life magic to manifest
Spiteswarm Hives, from which
pour forth tides of insects
that swirl about the bodies of
weary Sylvaneth, thousands of
invigorating stings filling the
bodies of nature’s warriors with
vitalising energy.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
A Spirit of Durthu marches forth to drive the Bloodbound and their daemonic allies from the
corrupted forge of Arc Domenex, hacking down the Chaos worshippers without mercy.


PAGEBREAK
NATURE’S VENGEANCE

NATURE’S VENGEANCE

Graceful warriors clad in the verdant panoply of nature, the Sylvaneth are a formidable and visually stunning
force upon the battlefield. On the following pages you will find examples of beautiful Citadel Miniatures expertly
painted by Games Workshop’s own ’Eavy Metal team and Design Studio army painters.

Under the shadowed boughs of the deep forest, a host of Sylvaneth led by Alarielle the Everqueen battles foul daemonic
invaders. They will fight to their last breath to cleanse the taint of Chaos from their woodland homes.


PAGEBREAK
Arch-Revenant

Branchwych

A Branchwych leads a band of Dryads in battle against a pack of Bloodletters, sweeping her greenwood scythe through
daemonic flesh even as she summons the magical denizens of the forest to her side.


PAGEBREAK
The stench of fear-musk fills the air as skaven Clanrats are ambushed by Kurnoth Hunters armed with greatswords.

An Arch-Revenant leads her wargrove in the eradication of a skaven infestation. This vengeful
war-leader will not cease until every last verminous foe has been hewed apart.


PAGEBREAK
Greatbow-wielding Kurnoth Hunters are imposing marksmen, able to skewer several foes in one shot.


PAGEBREAK
The sinister forest spirits known as Spite-Revenants delight in inflicting pain and terror upon their prey. Even the war-
loving Ironjawz are shaken by their vicious malice.

Tree-Revenants are noble warriors of the glades, inheritors of a proud legacy. They are sworn to defend their woodland
homes against all intruders with blade, axe and glaive.


PAGEBREAK
The embodiment of vengeful cruelty, Drycha Hamadreth is unleashed against the most bitter enemies of the Sylvaneth.
She does not cease her slaughter until every last foe lies mutilated and slain.


PAGEBREAK
Drycha Hamadreth

Huntmaster with Kurnoth Greatbow

Kurnoth Hunter with Kurnoth Greatsword


PAGEBREAK
Alarielle the Everqueen


PAGEBREAK
The Battle of the Smoulderfields was the culmination of centuries of ill will between the Sylvaneth and the Fyreslayers of
the Vostarg lodge. Hundreds of doughty duardin were slain at the hands of the Everqueen and her woodland host.

Oakenbrow Branch Nymph

Dryad

Harvestboon Dryad

Oakenbrow Branchwraith


PAGEBREAK
Gnarlroot Branchwych

Dreadwood Spite-Revenant

Oakenbrow Scion

Ironbark Tree-Revenant


PAGEBREAK
A Treelord Ancient is a living symbol of nature’s might, an ancient colossus that has battled
against the enemies of the Everqueen for centuries beyond counting.


PAGEBREAK
Treelord

Spirit of Durthu


PAGEBREAK
HOST OF THE EVERQUEEN

HOST OF THE EVERQUEEN

The defenders of the wilds stride forth in their verdant panoply, led by the majestic figure of Alarielle the
Everqueen. There are many ways to collect a Sylvaneth army – below you will find just one example of how to
assemble a regal force of nature to dominate the battlefields of the Mortal Realms.

It is always a good idea to think
about what kind of army you
would like to collect before you
start painting and assembling any
miniatures. Inspiration can be found
from many sources. You might
simply look at the range of Sylvaneth
models and pick those that most
appeal to you. Alternatively, you
might decide to focus on a particular
style of play on the tabletop, or a
narrative found in a battletome
or novel. Regardless, there is no
right or wrong way to go about
collecting your army. The end goal

is always the same – to assemble a
visually striking and formidable
Sylvaneth host!

Alarielle the Everqueen is an
obvious choice for the centrepiece
of your collection. As well as being
a devastating spellcaster capable
of laying waste to her enemies
and healing her allies with magic,
Alarielle is powerful in close combat
thanks to her immense wardroth
beetle mount. Even better, her
command ability bolsters the attacks
of all nearby Sylvaneth.

Answering the call to war, an
Arch-Revenant soars through
the skies above the Everqueen’s
advancing host. The regal presence
of this poweful warrior inspires the
Sylvaneth to great feats of valour
and aggression.

A Spirit of Durthu is a truly
fearsome force on the tabletop,
combining impressive resilience with
deadly melee and ranged attacks. The
mere presence of such a towering
guardian improves the morale of
your other warriors.


PAGEBREAK
Magical support can be added in
the form of Branchwraiths and
Branchwyches. The former can
summon Dryad reinforcements,
making your force more resistant to
attrition, while the latter can unleash
swarms of spites to inflict mortal
wounds on enemy units in an area
around her.

careful timing and positioning, they
can send your opponent’s warriors
fleeing from the battlefield in terror.
Units shaken by the Spite-Revenants
are the perfect prey for the terrifying
Drycha Hamadreth. This ferocious
warrior possesses a variety of lethal
attacks, and can even strike units
with low bravery dead!

The heart of this force’s battle
line consists of Dryads. These
swift, hard-hitting troops excel at
ambushes, and can be used to tie
up troublesome enemy units while
your elite elements wreak carnage.
Tree-Revenants exchange speed for
armour-piercing blades – they are
the perfect counter to heavy infantry.
Spite-Revenants, meanwhile, are not
only vicious fighters, but also strike
mortal fear into their prey – with

Your shock troops are the mighty
Kurnoth Hunters. These huge
warriors wield a variety of weapons,
and depending on their armament
can either take the fight up close
or pick off their foes at long range
with deadly greatbows. In addition,
this collection includes two mighty
Treelords. These gigantic beings
cross the battlefield with earth-
shaking strides, crushing ranks of
infantry to a bloody paste.

1. Alarielle the Everqueen
2. Spirit of Durthu
3. Arch-Revenant
4. Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Greatswords
5. Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Scythes
6. Kurnoth Hunters with
Kurnoth Greatbows
7. Branchwych
8. Treelord
9. Treelord
10. Tree-Revenants
11. Tree-Revenants
12. Branchwraith
13. Dryads
14. Drycha Hamadreth
15. Spite-Revenants
16. Spite-Revenants


PAGEBREAK
PAINTING YOUR
SYLVANETH

PAINTING YOUR SYLVANETH

Whether you are a veteran hobbyist with several collections under your belt or you have never put brush to
miniature before, painting a Sylvaneth army is a particularly exciting and rewarding challenge. On the following
pages you will find a guide to creating a vibrant and colourful host of the deep forests.

There is nothing like the sight of
a fully painted army of Citadel
Miniatures. There is real satisfaction
to be had in adding your chosen
colours, teasing out the finely
sculpted details and truly making
your miniatures collection your own.

An entire Sylvaneth army brought
together through shared colours
is a stunning sight to behold. For
those of us who are completionists,
there is also immense gratification
in watching your collection grow
as you add each new painted figure

The Citadel Paint System takes the guesswork out of
painting, and uses several different formulations of paint
to best match different techniques. The paints are used in
a set sequence, and each enhances the underlying colour
to produce a final scheme that belies the straightforward
techniques. The first paint you’ll apply is called the
undercoat. Supplied in spray cans, it’s formulated to provide
a smooth, even surface for the colours that follow. Once it
has dried, you can break out your brushes and start painting.

Base paints deliver a bold, intense colour that provides the
core of your paint scheme. Layer paints are typically brighter,
with a smoother consistency, and are used to achieve a more
vibrant hue. Shade paints are designed to settle into recesses
and provide depth to your model, while Dry paints can be
used to quickly apply highlights to your model.

to the ranks of the finished models.
There’s no right or wrong way to go
about painting your collection, but
on the following pages you wi l l find
some basic guidelines that wi l l allow
you to create a striking Sylvaneth
army. The simple and easy-to-follow
Citadel Paint System wi l l help you to
quickly achieve great results – you
wi l l have a wargrove rampaging
across the tabletop in no time at all!

Warhammer TV’s painting
tutorials have insights for
everyone, as they show you how
to paint Citadel Miniatures
from start to finish. The
guides are available for free
on games-workshop.com, and
can also be watched via the
Warhammer TV YouTube
channel. Why not take a
moment to check them out?

OAKENBROW DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Over a Corax White
undercoat, basecoat with
Death World Forest.

Shade with
Athonian Camoshade.

Layer the raised areas with
Elysian Green.

Carefully highlight the
edges with Ogryn camo.

FOLIAGE AND LIGHT BARK

Foliage: Basecoat Khorne Red,
shade Fuegan Orange, layer Wild
Rider Red, then highlight Fire
Dragon Bright.

Light Bark: Over Corax White,
shade Athonian Camoshade, then
highlight Pallid Wych Flesh.


PAGEBREAK
GNARLROOT DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Begin with a basecoat of
Mournfang Brown.

Shade with
Agrax Earthshade.

Apply thick Skrag
Brown highlights.

Apply fine Deathclaw
Brown highlights.

BITTERGRUB CARAPACE

FOLIAGE

LIGHT BARK

Basecoat with Screamer Pink, shade
with Nuln Oil, then highlight with
Pink Horror.

Basecoat with Death World Forest,
shade with Athonian Camoshade,
layer with Elysian Green, then
highlight with Ogryn Camo.

Over a Mournfang Brown basecoat,
layer with Baneblade Brown, then
highlight with Karak Stone.

HEARTWOOD DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Undercoat with Corax
White, basecoat with
Rhinox Hide.

Shade with
Agrax Earthshade.

Layer with Steel
Legion Drab.

Highlight with
Karak Stone.

LAMENTIRI

GREEN BARK

WEAPONS

Basecoat with Caledor Sky, apply
Baharroth Blue thick highlights,
then White Scar fine highlights.

Over Corax White, shade with
Athonian Camoshade, then
highlight with Pallid Wych Flesh.

Basecoat with Celestra Grey, glaze
with Waywatcher Green, then
highlight with Pallid Wych Flesh.


PAGEBREAK
IRONBARK BROWN BARK

1

2

3

4

Over a Chaos Black
undercoat, apply a
basecoat of Rhinox Hide.

Continue with an
all-over shade of
Agrax Earthshade.

Layer with
Doombull Brown.

Finally, highlight
the raised areas with
Karak Stone.

GREY BARK

FOLIAGE

PURPLE BLADES

Basecoat with Mechanicus Standard
Grey, shade with Nuln Oil, layer
with Dawnstone, then highlight with
Administratum Grey.

Basecoat with Waaagh! Flesh, shade
with Biel-Tan Green, apply Warboss
Green thick highlights, then
Screaming Skull fine highlights.

Basecoat with Ulthuan Grey, glaze
with a mix of Druchii Violet and
Lahmian Medium, then build up this
colour towards the tip of the blade.

WINTERLEAF DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Over Corax White,
apply a basecaot of
Abaddon Black.

LIGHT BARK

Outline the edges with
Dark Reaper.

Apply highlights of
Thunderhawk Blue.

Apply fine highlights of
Fenrisian Grey.

FOLIAGE

WEAPONS

Over Corax White, basecoat with
Pallid Wych Flesh, shade with Agrax
Earthshade, then highlight with
Pallid Wych flesh.

Basecoat with Caliban Green,
shade with Biel-Tan Green, apply
Warpstone Glow thick highlights,
then Moot Green thin highlights.

Basecoat
Ulthuan Grey,
shade with a
Drakenhof
Nightshade
and Lahmian
Medium mix,
then apply a
second shade
in the recesses.
Highlight with
White Scar.


PAGEBREAK
DREADWOOD DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Over Chaos Black,
apply a basecoat of
Incubi Darkness.

LIGHT BARK

Shade with Nuln Oil.

Layer with Kabalite Green.

Highlight the edges with
Sybarite Green.

FOLIAGE

SIGILS

Paint
Mephiston Red
into the sigils,
then paint
Fire Dragon
Bright into just
the tips of the
sigils. Thinning
your paint
with Lahmian
Medium helps
for this stage.

Celestra Grey, Drakenhof
Nightshade, Pallid Wych Flesh.

Basecoat with Warpstone Green,
then apply Moot Green highlights.

HARVESTBOON DARK BARK

1

2

3

4

Over Corax White, apply a
Caliban Green basecoat.

Shade with
Athonian Camoshade.

Layer with Elysian Green.

Highlight with
Ogryn Camo.

LIGHT BARK

FOLIAGE

SIGILS

Basecoat with Pallid Wych Flesh,
glaze with a mix of Biel-Tan Green
and Lahmian Medium, glaze
again with Lamenters Yellow, then
highlight with Pallid Wych Flesh.

Basecoat with Averland Sunset,
shade with Seraphim Sepia, layer
with Averland Sunset, apply
Ushabti Bone thick highlights, then
Screaming Skull thin highlights.

Paint Temple Guard Blue into the
sigils, then paint White Scar into just
the tips of the sigils. Thinning your
paint with Lahmian Medium helps
for this stage.


PAGEBREAK
BLADE VARIANTS

Regardless of the colour, the technique for gleaming blades is the same. Start by applying the Glaze paint of your
chosen colour over a basecoat of Ulthuan Grey. Then, create a darker glaze using an even mix of Lahmian Medium
and the Shade-paint equivalent of the same colour. Carefully build up the darker colour in a small area on one half of
the blade, alternating this technique down the blade’s length. Finally, add highlights with White Scar.

SKIN VARIANTS

Basecoat Ulthuan Grey, glaze with a
Drakenhof Nightshade and Lahmian
Medium mix, layer Ulthuan Grey,
then highlight White Scar.

Basecoat Stegadon Scale Green,
shade Nuln Oil, layer Sotek Green,
then highlight Fenrisian Grey.

HAIR

Basecoat Ulthuan Grey, glaze with
a Waywatcher Green and Lahmian
Medium mix, layer Ulthuan Grey,
then highlight White Scar.

BLUE GLOW

Basecoat Castellan Green, layer
Elysian Green, apply thick highlights
of Ogryn Camo, then fine highlights
of Screaming Skull .

Over Corax White, apply a glaze
of Lamenters Yellow followed by a
White Scar highlight.

Basecoat Temple Guard Blue,
layer Baharroth Blue, highlight
White Scar.


PAGEBREAK
ALARIELLE THE EVERQUEEN DETAILS

Skin: Basecoat Kislev
Flesh, shade Reikland
Fleshshade, highlight
Flayed One Flesh.

Carapace: Basecoat Incubi
Darkness, shade Nuln Oil,
drybrush Sotek Green,
highlight Fenrisian Grey.

Robes: Basecoat Celestra
Grey, glaze with a Coelia
Greenshade and Lahmian
Medium mix, highlight
White Scar.

Metal: Basecoat Fulgurite
Copper, shade with an
Agrax Earthshade and
Lahmian Medium mix,
highlight Stormhost Silver.

HIVES

AMPHORAE

BLUE SPITES

Basecoat with Averland Sunset,
shade with Seraphim Sepia,
drybrush with Ushabti Bone, then
highlight with Ushabti Bone.

BASE VARIANTS

Basecoat with Celestra Grey, shade
with Drakenhof Nightshade, then
highlight with White Scar.

Over Corax White, shade with
Drakenhof Nightshade then again
with Guilliman Blue. Drybrush with
White Scar.

Apply stones and Citadel Sand with
PVA glue. Basecoat Caliban Green,
drybrush with Elysian Green, then
again with Ogryn Camo. Add leaves
from the Barbed Bracken kit.

Basecoat Mechanicus Standard Grey,
shade with Athonian Camoshade,
drybrush with Dawnstone, then
add some Valhallan Blizzard for
the snow.

Basecoat Mournfang Brown,
drybrush with Balor Brown, then
again with Screaming Skull. Add
some Middenland Tufts.


PAGEBREAK
FORCES OF THE SYLVANETH

FORCES OF
THE SYLVANETH

This battletome contains all of the rules you need to field your Sylvaneth miniatures on the battlefields of the
Mortal Realms, from a host of exciting allegiance abilities to a range of warscrolls and warscroll battalions. The
rules are split into the following sections.

ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES
This section describes the allegiance
abilities available to a Sylvaneth
army. The rules for using allegiance
abilities can be found in the
core rules.

BATTLE TRA ITS

Abilities available to every unit in a
Sylvaneth army (pg 65).

COMMAND TRA ITS

Abilities available to the general
of a Sylvaneth army if it is a HERO
(pg 66).

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

Artefacts available to HEROES in a
Sylvaneth army (pg 67-68).

SPELL LORES

Spells available to WIZARDS in a
Sylvaneth army (pg 69).

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

Here you wi l l find the rules and
scenery warscroll for the Awakened
Wyldwood terrain feature (pg 70-71).

SYLVANETH GLADES

Abilities for seven of the most
famous Sylvaneth Glades (pg 72-79).
These rules can be used by units in a
Sylvaneth army that have been given
the appropriate keyword (see the
Glades battle trait, opposite).

BATTLEPLANS

This section includes a new narrative
battleplan (pg 80-81) that can be
played with a Sylvaneth army.

PATH TO GLORY
This section contains rules for using
your Sylvaneth collection in Path to
Glory campaigns (pg 82-85).

WARSCROLLS
This section includes all of the
warscrolls you wi l l need to play
games of Warhammer Age of Sigmar
with your Sylvaneth miniatures.
There are three types of warscroll
included in this section:

WARSCROLL BATTALIONS

These are formations made up of
several Sylvaneth units that combine
their strengths to gain powerful new
abilities (pg 86-89).

WARSCROLLS

A warscroll for each unit is included
here. The rules for using a Sylvaneth
unit, along with its characteristics
and abilities, are detailed on its
warscroll (pg 90-101).

ENDLESS SPELL WARSCROLLS

There are three endless spell
warscrolls that detail the rules for
unique and powerful spells that
can be summoned by Sylvaneth
WIZARDS (pg 102-103). The rules
for playing games with endless spells
can be found in the Warhammer

Age of Sigmar Core Book, and
in Warhammer Age of Sigmar:
Malign Sorcery.

PITCHED BATTLE
PROFILES
This section contains Pitched Battle
profiles for the units, warscroll
battalions and endless spells in this
book (pg 104).

ALLIES

This section has a list of the allies a
Sylvaneth army can include (pg 104).


PAGEBREAK
ALLEGIANCE ABILITIES

BATTLE TRAITS

The Sylvaneth are natives of the
wild places of the realms, lurking in
wait to strike at their enemies. They
flow from ambush with lithe grace,
falling upon the foe without mercy
or restraint.

Battle Traits

Allegiance Abilities

FOREST SPIRITS

Instead of setting up a SYLVANETH
unit on the battlefield, you can
place it to one side and say that
it is set up in the hidden enclaves
as a reserve unit. You can set up
one reserve unit in the hidden
enclaves for each unit you set up on
the battlefield. At the end of your
movement phase, you can set up
one or more of the reserve units
that are in the hidden enclaves on
the battlefield wholly within 6"

of an AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

and more than 9" from any enemy
units. Any reserve units in the
hidden enclaves that are not set up
on the battlefield before the start of
the fourth battle round are slain.

WAYS OF THE WARGROVES

NAVIGATE REALMROOTS

Sylvaneth armies favour a swift,
hit-and-run fighting style, using the
spirit paths to strike and fade before
the enemy can react.

GLADES

The different Sylvaneth glades
have their own distinctive ways
of waging war on the enemies of
the Everqueen.

If your army is a Sylvaneth army,
you can give it a Glade keyword.
All SYLVANETH units in your army
gain that keyword. You can either
choose one of the Glades listed
below, or choose another Glade you
have read about or created yourself.
If you choose one from the list
below, all units with that keyword
benefit from the extra abilities
listed for that Glade on the page
indicated. If you choose a different
Glade, simply pick the Glade that
most closely matches the nature of
your own.

• OAKENBROW (pg 72)
• GNARLROOT (pg 74)
• HEARTWOOD (pg 75)
• IRONBARK (pg 76)
• WINTERLEAF (pg 77)
• DREADWOOD (pg 78)
• HARVESTBOON (pg 79)

Instead of making a normal move
in your movement phase, 1 friendly
SYLVANETH unit wholly within 6"

of an AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

can navigate the realmroots.
If it does so, remove that unit
from the battlefield and then set
it up again wholly within 6" of

another AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

PLACES OF POWER

Although most traces of glory from
the Age of Myth have been razed
to the ground or desecrated by the
forces of Chaos, their power still
lingers beneath the surface of the
more recent landscape.

After territories have been chosen
but before armies are set up, you
can pick 1 terrain feature on the
battlefield that was not set up by
your opponent as part of their
army. Do not take battleshock tests
for friendly SYLVANETH units
while they are wholly within 6" of
that terrain feature.


PAGEBREAK
Command Traits

COMMAND TRAITS

ASPECTS OF WAR

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Dread Harvester: Foes fall like swiftly gathered
fruit when this general enters the fray.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
melee weapons by this general if this general
made a charge move in the same turn .

Gnarled Warrior: This Sylvaneth’s hoary hide
has turned aside countless blades.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that
target this general.

Gift of Ghyran: A regenerative nectar courses
through this general’s body.

In your hero phase, you can heal 1 wound
allocated to this general.

4

5

6

Lord of Spites: Impish forest spirits aid this
general with an array of venoms and snares.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made by this general.

Warsinger: This general spurs on Alarielle’s
children with stirring song.

Add 2 to charge rolls for friendly SYLVANETH
units wholly within 12" of this general.

Wisdom of the Ancients: Even amongst their

venerable kin, this general’s sage battle-sense is
trusted deeply.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SYLVANETH units while they are wholly within
12" of this general.

ASPECTS OF RENEWAL

WIZARD only.

D6

1

2

3

Command Trait

Arcane Bounty: The woods hold few mysteries
that elude this eldritch being.

This general knows 1 extra spell from the Lore
of the Deepwood (pg 69).

Mystic Regrowth: The currents of magic nourish
this creature’s body like cleansing rainfall.

At the end of your hero phase, if this general
successfully cast any spells in that phase that
were not unbound, you can heal D3 wounds
allocated to this general.

Voice of Warding: This wizard’s very words
extend like grasping vines into the minds of
their rivals.

This general can attempt to unbind 1 extra spell
in the enemy hero phase.

4

5

6

Glade Lore: The forest whispers powerful secrets
to those it trusts .

Add 1 to casting rolls for this general
while it is wholly within 6" of any

AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

Spellsinger: Like pollen on the wind, this
5wizard’s spellcraft travels far afield.

Add 6" to the range of each spell this general
successfully casts.

Radiant Spirit: Shielding emerald energy
surrounds this spellcaster like a leafy sanctuary.

Each time this general is affected by a spell or
endless spell, you can roll a dice. If you do so,
on a 4+ ignore the effects of that spell or endless
spell on this general.


PAGEBREAK
Artefacts of Power

ARTEFACTS OF POWER

D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

WEAPONS OF THE GLADES

Artefact of Power

Daith’s Reaper: Fashioned from the only ever
seam of Harrowgold, no armour can turn aside
this ancient blade if its wielder’s aim is true.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Improve
the Rend characteristic of that weapon by 1.

Greenwood Gladius: This blade strikes with the
youthful vigour of sunrise.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to
the Attacks characteristic of that weapon if the
bearer made a charge move in the same turn .

Autumn’s

Ire: Just as woodland leaves burn
brightest before yielding to winter’s touch, this
weapon strikes fiercest when its wielder comes
to harm.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. You can
re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made with that weapon while any wounds are
allocated to the bearer.

4

5

6

Winnowstaff: This enchanted staff strikes down
lesser foes as easily as chaff is blown from wheat.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. You
can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made with
that weapon that target a unit with a Wounds
characteristic of 1.

Ancient Barkblade: Blows from this venerable
weapon land like a felled oak.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to
the Damage characteristic of that weapon.

The Darkest Bough: Harvested at a location
of utmost secrecy, the branch that formed this
weapon is steeped in sinister power.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. If the
unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with that weapon is 6, that attack inflicts D3
mortal wounds on the target in addition to any
normal damage.

BOONS OF THE EVERQUEEN

Artefact of Power

The Oaken Armour: Twined from bark shorn
from the mighty Oak of Ages, it is all but
impossible to tell where this armour ends and the
hide of its Sylvaneth wearer begins.

You can re-roll save rolls of 1 made for attacks
that target the bearer.

Briar Sheath: This spiny mantle renders its
wearer’s true form difficult to discern.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
the bearer.

Glamourweave: Such are glamourweave’s
illusory enchantments that even the surest blow
struck against its wearer can be proven false.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 5+ that mortal wound
is negated.

4

5

6

Lashvines: Thorned, sentient tendrils coil
around this Sylvaneth, striking out viciously at
any threat to their host.

Roll a dice each time a wound inflicted by a
melee weapon is allocated to the bearer and not
negated. On a 6+ the attacking unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

Silken Snares: Spite-silk webs cover much of this
fighter’s form, deadening the impact of all but the
keenest weapons.

If the weapon used for an attack that targets the
bearer has a Rend characteristic of -1, change
the Rend characteristic for that attack to ‘-’.

Nightbloom Garland: A perpetual gloom

emanates from this chaplet of pale flowers,
veiling the wearer from sight.

The bearer is not visible to enemy models that
are more than 12" from the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
D6

1

2

3

D6

1

2

3

VERDANT TREASURES

Artefact of Power

Seed of Rebirth: Should its bearer ever fall, the
Seed’s rejuvenating energies will pour into its
host to grant them new life.

The first time the bearer is slain, before
removing them from the battlefield, roll a dice.
On a 1, the bearer is slain. On a 2+ the bearer
is not slain, you can heal up to D3 wounds
allocated to them, and any wounds that remain
to be allocated to them are negated.

Wraithstone: This crystal emits the screams of
all whose souls were torn from their bodies by the
spirits of the forest and bound within it.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 10" of
the bearer.

Everdew Vial: The merest sip of the sacred water
contained within this delicate bottle breathes
fresh purpose into the drinker’s every stride.

Add 2 to run rolls and charge rolls for
the bearer.

4

5

6

Lifewreath: Held aloft at times of great peril, this
wreath radiates waves of healing magic.

In your hero phase, roll a dice. On a 3+
you can heal D3 wounds allocated to each
friendly SYLVANETH unit wholly within 10" of
the bearer.

Crown of Fell Bowers: Rooted in this enchanted
circlet, a canopy of ethereal branches forms above
the foe, lending uncanny aid to the weapons of
the Sylvaneth.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 6" of the bearer. You can re-roll
wound rolls for attacks made by friendly
SYLVANETH units that target that unit in
that phase.

Etherblossom: Strangest of all the flowers that
grow in the Weirding Vale in Ghyran, obstacles
fade into unreality wherever an Etherblossom
is carried .

The bearer can fly.

RELICS OF NATURE

WIZARD only.

Artefact of Power

Acorn of the Ages: This unassuming acorn is
verdant life given form.

Once per battle, at the start of your hero phase,

you can set up an AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

wholly within 12" of the bearer and more than
1" from any other model, terrain feature or
objective, and add it to your army.

Spiritsong Stave: Eldritch power blossoms from
this ancient rod of willow.

The bearer can attempt to cast 1 extra spell in
your hero phase.

The Vesperal Gem: Malice and mercy dwell in
this gemstone in equal measure, visible as fey
lights swirling at its core.

Once in each of your hero phases, when the
bearer attempts to cast a spell from the Lore of
the Deepwood, instead of making a casting roll
you can say they are using the Vesperal Gem.
If you do so, that spell is automatically cast (do

not roll 2D6) and cannot be unbound. After the
effect of that spell has been resolved, roll a dice.
On a 1, the bearer suffers D3 mortal wounds.

4

5

6

Luneth’s Lamp: A relic saved from a shrine
desecrated by sorcery, this lamp’s flame flares
whenever hostile magic seeks physical form.

Add 2 to the roll when the bearer attempts to
unbind or dispel an endless spell.

Hagbane Spite: These rare spites are deadly to
foes of the Sylvaneth who wield sorcery.

If the bearer successfully unbinds a spell, the
caster suffers 1 mortal wound.

Wychwood Glaive: The glowing edge of this
ensorcelled blade thirsts for the lifeforce of
hostile wizards.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 2 to
the damage inflicted by that weapon for attacks
that target a WIZARD.


PAGEBREAK
Spell Lores

SPELL LORES

SYLVANETH WIZARDS know the Verdant Blessing spell
in addition to any other spells they know. In addition,
you can choose or roll for one of the spells from the
Lore of the Deepwood table for each WIZARD in a
Sylvaneth army.

Verdant Blessing: The caster hurls forth a shimmering
orb of jade energy that swiftly takes root and bursts
upward as a newly conjured Wyldwood.

Verdant Blessing has a casting value of 6. If successfully
cast, set up 1 AWAKENED WYLDWOOD wholly within
24" of the caster and more than 1" from any other model,
terrain feature or objective.

LORE OF THE DEEPWOOD

D6

1

2

3

Spell

Throne of Vines: Borne aloft upon a seething
throne of summoned vines, the caster drinks deep
of the magical energies that flow through the
Mortal Realms.

Throne of Vines has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, add 2 to casting rolls for the
caster until the caster makes a move or is set up
in a different location.

Regrowth: The caster channels the burgeoning
magic of life into an invigorating healing bloom.

Regrowth has a casting value of 5. If successfully
cast, pick 1 friendly SYLVANETH unit wholly
within 18" of the caster and visible to them. You
can heal up to D6 wounds allocated to that unit.

The Dwellers Below: Drawing upon the darkest
and most spiteful aspects of nature’s power, the
caster summons a seething swarm of tendrils
from beneath the ground.

The Dwellers Below has a casting value of 7.
If successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within
10" of the caster and visible to them and roll a
number of dice equal to the number of models
in that unit. For each 6+ that unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

4

5

6

Deadly Harvest: Just as the Sylvaneth can
instinctively channel the flowing energies
of life magic to nurture and heal, those of a
darker bent can also stem the flood, or leech it
away altogether.

Deadly Harvest has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, each enemy unit within 3"
of the caster suffers D3 mortal wounds (roll
separately for each unit).

Verdurous Harmony: The wizard plucks the
youngest sprouts of magic and uses them to
renew the broken forms of fallen warriors.

Verdurous Harmony has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly SYLVANETH
unit wholly within 18" of the caster and visible
to them. You can return 1 slain model to that
unit. If you picked a unit of DRYADS, TREE -

REVENANTS or SPITE-REVENANTS, you can

return up to D3 slain models to that unit instead
of 1.

Treesong: The caster implores the simple spirits
of the Wyldwoods to guide the blades of their
allies and expose the weaknesses of the foe.

Treesong has a casting value of 7. If successfully
cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 16" of the caster
and within 6" of an AWAKENED WYLDWOOD.
Until the end of the turn, you can re-roll hit and
wound rolls of 1 for attacks made with melee
weapons that target that unit.


PAGEBREAK
Awakened Wyldwood

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

The Wyldwoods of the Sylvaneth are far more than mere trees. Ancient, powerful spirits stir within every sentient
trunk and bough, eager for the chance to vent their spite upon beings of flesh and blood. From beneath them
spread the realmroots, the spirit paths that heal the lands and provide swift passage for the Noble Spirits.

A Sylvaneth army can include 1

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD terrain

feature. After territories have been
chosen but before armies are set
up, you can set up the AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD anywhere on the
battlefield that is more than 1" from
any other terrain features, more than
1" from enemy territory and more
than 6" away from any objectives.
If both players can set up a terrain
feature before armies are set up, they
must roll off, and the winner can
choose the order in which the terrain
features are set up.

M arrabus cursed, and spat a gobbet of yellowish phlegm that
splattered against the trunk of a nearby tree, leaving a
sizzling trail as it slid down to the leafy earth. For hours the
Blightlord had been wandering in this accursed place, and still he had
come across no sign of his companions. The canopy had grown thicker
and thicker, and now only a few sharp spears of amber sunlight pierced
the darkness.
‘Where are you?’ Marrabus called out to the silent forest. ‘Blaug?
Cobbot? You thrice-cursed bunglers, show yourselves! When I find you I
shall make a cloak from your hides!’
Only the rustling of leaves and the soft trill of night birds answered his
calls. Muttering dark threats against his missing comrades, Marrabus
hauled his bulk up a muddy slope. All he had wanted was to catch a
few scourhorns for food, to let them pustulate and bubble a while in a
cauldron of bile-spirit until they were good and ripe. The thought made
his swollen belly rumble painfully.
He was lost. And the scabs that covered his flabby back itched terribly,
as they always did when he felt watchful eyes upon him. Somewhere in
the darkness there was a screech, high-pitched and animalistic.
‘Who’s out there?’ Marrabus called, hefting his rusted battleaxe and
backing up to a broad, black-trunked oak.
Something wet and warm splattered across his neck. Looking up,
he was reunited with his errant companions. Cobbot and Blaug were
impaled upon the branches of the tree, their rotten intestines spilling
from their opened bellies like rancid vines. As he took in the pitiful sight,
Marrabus heard a susurrus of soft laughter echo around him.


PAGEBREAK
SCENERY WARSCROLL

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

When the Wyldwoods of the Sylvaneth stir, enemies of the natural order must be on their guard. The awakened
spirits that dwell within these ancient groves are roused to terrible fury by intrusions into their domain. They seek
every chance to prey upon those foolish enough to stray beneath their shadowed boughs.

DESCRIPTION
An Awakened Wyldwood is a single
terrain feature consisting of 3-6
Citadel Wood models. Each tip of
each Citadel Wood model must
touch the tip of a different Citadel
Wood model, with the tips of all the
models pointing inwards so that a
ring is formed. The battlefield inside
the ring is treated as being part of
that Awakened Wyldwood.

SCENERY RULES

Overgrown Wilderness: It is only

possible to see a few yards into these
foreboding thickets.

Models are not visible to each other
if an imaginary straight line 1mm
wide drawn between the closest
points of the two models crosses
over more than 1" of an AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD. This scenery rule does
not apply if either model can fly.

Roused By Magic: The arcane

currents of hostile spellcasting drive
Wyldwood spirits into a fury.

In the hero phase, if a spell is
successfully cast by a WIZARD

KEYWORDS

SCENERY, AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

wholly within 6" of an AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD and not unbound,
roll a dice for each unit within 1"

of that AWAKENED WYLDWOOD

which does not have the SYLVANETH
keyword. On a 5+ that unit suffers
D3 mortal wounds after that spell’s
effects have been resolved.

Wyldwood: The spirits within a
Wyldwood are easily angered by
trespassers into their domain.

At the end of the charge phase, roll
a dice for each unit within 1" of an

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD which

does not have the SYLVANETH
keyword. On a 6, that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
Oakenbrow

OAKENBROW

First and most numerous of the Sylvaneth glades, the Oakenbrow are inheritors of a regal legacy and a formidable
resilience. They fight on bravely even in the most seemingly hopeless of battles, determined that they will not fail
their beloved Everqueen.

The wargroves of Oakenbrow Glade are led by great
numbers of mighty Treelords and Treelord Ancients.
Possessed of unfailing nobility and might, these regal
warriors stride at the fore of their wargrove, smashing
a hole in the enemy lines through which their kin then
pour. The resilience and tenacity of Oakenbrow’s armies
is legendary, and it is said that no matter what weapons
their enemies wield, or how desperate matters become,
the noble warriors of Oakenbrow wi l l never disgrace
Alarielle by giving in to defeat.

As the most populous of the glades, the Oakenbrow
can field great hosts of Sylvaneth, who pour forth from
the depths of Wyldwoods to surround and overwhelm
their foes. Many a Chaos Lord or rampaging army of
beastmen has thought the battle won, only to hear the
rousing war cries of Tree-Revenants echoing around
them as Oakenbrow warriors leap from the undergrowth
with blades swinging. In addition, the Oakenbrow hold
good relations with many of the civilised races, and have
entered into pacts and military alliances with the likes
of the God-King’s armies and the undersea hosts of the
Idoneth. Of all the Sylvaneth it is they who are most
commonly seen battling alongside these allies upon
the battlefields of the Mortal Realms, and envoys of the
Oakenbrow are a common sight in many great cities.

ABILITIES
Our Roots Run Deep: Oakenbrow tree spirits are
renowned for the resilience of their heartwood.

COMMAND TRA IT
An OAKENBROW general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

Subtract 2 from the number of wounds suffered by

OAKENBROW SPIRITS OF DURTHU, OAKENBROW
TREELORD ANCIENTS and OAKENBROW TREELORDS

when determining which row on their damage table to
use (to a minimum of 0).

COMMAND ABILITY
Yield To None: The towering Treelords of Oakenbrow
stride to war alongside great hosts of Dryads, who fight
with all the spirit of their ancient sires when the need
is great.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the battleshock phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
OAKENBROW HERO. Until the end of that phase, do not
take battleshock tests for friendly OAKENBROW DRYADS
units while they are wholly within 16" of that HERO.

Regal Old-growth: This general has stoically defended
the Oakenbrow clans through countless seasons of war.

Add 1 to the Wounds characteristic of this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first OAKENBROW HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Dawnflask.

Dawnflask: This unassuming earthenware vessel contains
a blend of rare seeds and pollens which lend mysterious
protection to their keeper.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a wound or mortal
wound to the bearer. On a 6+ that wound or mortal
wound is negated.


PAGEBREAK

PAGEBREAK
Gnarlroot

GNARLROOT

The Gnarlroot are amongst the most isolated and mysterious of the Sylvaneth, for it is they who are tasked with
protecting the eldritch secrets of Ghyran. When they march forth, they do so to gather new sources of magical
power – nothing fascinates these scholars so much as unravelling the arcane mysteries of the realms.

No other Sylvaneth army can match the sorcerous might
wielded by the wargroves of Gnarlroot. At their head stride
Treelord Ancients who were old even before Sigmar’s
Pantheon was formed, attended by Branchwyches and
Branchwraiths privy to the myriad secrets jealously
guarded by their wizened lords. Even as the warriors of
the Households and the Forest Folk spring into battle, they
are accompanied by surging winds of sorcerous energy
that see the enemy scattered before them like leaves on the
wind, while the Sylvaneth blossom into greater strength
and vitality than ever before.

The tidal wave of magical energies released by the
necroquake has stirred the Gnarlroot into action like never
before. The glade’s summoners find themselves able to call
forth mythic beasts of the deep forest in great numbers,
and shape the innate magic of Ghyran into fearsome,
predatory forms. Gladewyrms and Skullroots come to the
Sylvaneth’s aid, crushing those sent to bring death to their
ancient enclaves. Fascinated by the sudden awakening of
magic, the lords of the Gnarlroot have despatched secretive
war parties led by Branchwraiths to uncover the truth
behind this mystery.

ABILITIES
Shield the Arcane: Gnarlroot clans prize arcane
knowledge above all things, and they fight with fiery spirit
to defend the keepers of their spell lore.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly
GNARLROOT units while they are wholly within 12" of

any friendly GNARLROOT WIZARDS.

COMMAND ABILITY
The Earth Defends: Fronds of magical foliage burst from
the earth, instinctively protecting the Sylvaneth nearby.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly GNARLROOT
unit wholly within 12" of a friendly GNARLROOT HERO.
Until the end of that phase, roll a dice each time you
allocate a wound or mortal wound to that unit. On a 6+
that wound or mortal wound is negated.

COMMAND TRA IT
A GNARLROOT general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

Nurtured by Magic: Gnarlroot Sylvaneth draw great
sustenance from the spellcasting of their kin.

Once in each of your hero phases, if this general
successfully casts a spell that is not unbound, pick 1
friendly GNARLROOT unit wholly within 18" of this
general. You can heal up to D3 wounds allocated to
that unit.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first GNARLROOT HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Chalice of Nectar.

Chalice of Nectar: This ashwood cup brims
with fortifying nectar, gifting the bearer with
arcane nourishment.

When making a casting or unbinding roll for the
bearer, roll 3D6, remove 1 dice of your choice, and then
use the remaining 2D6 to determine that casting or
unbinding roll.


PAGEBREAK
Heartwood

HEARTWOOD

True heirs of Kurnoth, those of the Heartwood are aggressive warriors who delight in taking the fight to their
enemies. It is they who are most often found at the head of Alarielle’s armies, their war-horns blaring proudly as
they hurl themselves upon the enemy.

Brave and determined, the warriors of Heartwood worship
not only Alarielle but also her spiritual consort, Kurnoth.
They draw their inspiration from the teachings of the God
of the Hunt, and welcome gladly the Free Spirits who serve
as his mortal avatars upon the field of battle. It is common
to see the wargroves of Heartwood led into battle by whole
hunting parties of these towering Sylvaneth, or racing
out upon the Wild Hunt to drag down and tear apart
those who have defiled Alarielle’s realm. Huge arrows fly
forth to pierce hearts and throats with unerring accuracy,
while howling warriors carve a bloody path through
their quarry. Only when every enemy lies dead do the
Heartwood slip back into the trees.

Although Kurnoth fell during the Age of Chaos, the
Sylvaneth of Heartwood believe that they keep a flickering
ember of the Hunter God’s essence alive through ritual
and battle, and insist that one day he wi l l return to rejoin
his beloved Everqueen. In his absence, they honour the
fallen deity by ceaselessly attacking the enemies of the
Sylvaneth. The armies of the Heartwood are almost
never at rest, for to call off the hunt is unthinkable to true
followers of Kurnoth.

ABILITIES
Courage For Kurnoth: The clans of Heartwood Glade are
renowned for their steadfast bravery.

COMMAND TRA IT
A HEARTWOOD general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
HEARTWOOD units while they are wholly within 12" of

any friendly HEARTWOOD HEROES.

COMMAND ABILITY
Lord of the Hunt: Heartwood Sylvaneth are devout
followers of Kurnoth, God of the Hunt, and honour him
by the eager pursuit of their quarry.

You can use this command ability at the start of the
combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy unit within 12"
of a friendly HEARTWOOD HERO. Until the end of that
phase, you can re-roll hit and wound rolls of 1 for attacks
made by friendly HEARTWOOD units that target that
enemy unit.

Legacy of Valour: The proud memory of this Sylvaneth’s
martial deeds will live on long after their demise.

If this general is slain, you can pick 1 enemy unit within
1" of this general before they are removed from play and
roll a dice. On a 2-5 that unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.
On a 6, that unit suffers D6 mortal wounds.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first HEARTWOOD HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Horn of the Consort.

Horn of the Consort: Blasts from this ancient hunting
horn stir Kurnoth Hunters to new heights of fervour.

You can re-roll hit rolls for attacks made by friendly

HEARTWOOD KURNOTH HUNTERS wholly within 12"

of the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Ironbark

IRONBARK

Arrows and blades skip harmlessly from the armoured hides of the Ironbark as they march relentlessly into battle,
accepting every punishment that their enemies can offer before hewing them down mercilessly. Sturdy and strong-
willed, there are few armies in the realms that can breach their defensive lines.

Like a towering tree with its roots dug deep, an Ironbark
wargrove is as immovable as it is mighty. Built around
stoic Households of Noble Spirits armed with expertly
crafted blades of the most enduring minerals, the warriors
of Ironbark soak up the fury of the enemy’s charge before
cutting them to pieces without mercy. It is said that the
spirits of Ironbark have learned much – perhaps a little too
much – stubborn determination from their duardin allies,
but there can be no denying that their unfailing grit stands
them in good stead upon the battlefield.

Unlike many of their kin, who delight in lightning-fast
ambushes and swift assaults, the Ironbark prefer to
fight from fortified positions. They choose their battles
carefully, drawing in the enemy and pinning them
between immovable lines of Forest Folk and Treelords
before crushing them slowly to death. The glade is
particularly noted for the resilience of their fortifications.
Indeed, it is said that Alarielle herself tasked Ironbark with
strengthening the organic battlements of the Living City.
This they achieved by watering the citadel’s great roots
with liquids taken from Chamonic streams, which led to
the formation of reinforcing metal veins within its wa l ls .

ABILITIES
Stubborn and Taciturn: Stoic indifference marks out the
Ironbark clans in battle.

COMMAND TRA IT
An IRONBARK general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

You can re-roll battleshock tests for friendly IRONBARK
units while they are wholly within 12" of any friendly

IRONBARK HEROES.

Mere Rainfall : With a gnarled limb raised overhead to
form a protective canopy, most missile weapons fall on
this Sylvaneth as harmlessly as raindrops.

COMMAND ABILITY
Stand Firm: Ironbark Sylvaneth are steadfast defenders,
forming up into grim living shield walls from which they
strike back at attackers.

You can use this command ability in the combat phase,
before the players pick any units to fight. If you do so,
pick 1 enemy unit that made a charge move this turn and
is within 1" of a friendly IRONBARK unit and roll a dice.
On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3 mortal wounds.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks made with missile
weapons that target this general.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first IRONBARK HERO to receive an artefact of power
must be given the Ironbark Talisman.

Ironbark Talisman: Forged by the duardin, this talisman
infuses the Sylvaneth’s limbs with steely strength.

Add 1 to wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons by the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Winterleaf

WINTERLEAF

Full of bitterness and resentment, the Winterleaf no longer feel kinship with other living things. They seek only to
slake their hatred in battle, and attack with a single-minded ferocity, uncaring of their own safety – as far as these
vengeful spirits are concerned, their lives are already forfeit.

Cold of eye and heartwood alike , the warriors of
Winterleaf harbour neither mercy nor compassion for
their foes. They care nothing for their own lives, for
their wargrove has suffered too much loss, and grief has
robbed them of everything but the desire for vengeance
against their persecutors. Thus they advance with the grim
inevitability of the frozen seasons, every savage claw-
thrust and whistling blade felling another foe and leaving
its contorted corpse sprawled amidst the carrion dead.

The Winterleaf fight with a bleak cruelty, seeking every
opportunity to inflict pain upon their foes, especially
the hated minions of Chaos. Their summoners whip up
hails of frozen branches that whistle through the air to
pierce flesh and shatter bone. Their armies contain many
Dryads, for such was the devastation wrought upon the
Winterleaf’s lands that there are pitifully few enclaves
for these guardians to watch over. Filled with hatred and
sorrow, these forest wardens attack in a frenzy, shredding
their prey with wild slashes of their rime-frosted talons.
Just as complete desolation has been visited upon their
lands, so do the Winterleaf leave nothing but destruction
in their wake.

ABILITIES
Winter’s Bite: Winterleaf Sylvaneth are as heartless as
their desolated homeland, and vent their malice upon all
who cross them.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made with a melee
weapon by a friendly WINTERLEAF unit is 6, that attack
inflicts 2 hits on the target instead of 1. Make a wound
and save roll for each hit.

COMMAND TRA IT
A WINTERLEAF general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

My Heart Is Ice: This general is roused to a chilling
vengeful fury by the blows of the enemy.

Roll a dice each time a wound inflicted by a melee
weapon is allocated to this general and not negated. On a
5+ the attacking unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

COMMAND ABILITY
Branch Blizzard: A mass of rattling, leafless branches fills
the air, lacerating the enemy.

You can use this command ability in your shooting
phase. If you do so, pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of a
friendly WINTERLEAF HERO and visible to them. Roll
a number of dice equal to the number of models in that
unit. For each 6+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first WINTERLEAF HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Frozen Kernel.

Frozen Kernel: This precious nut bore witness to the
ravaging of its birthland, and its wailing laments rouse
Winterleaf Sylvaneth to a merciless frenzy.

Once per battle, at the start of the combat phase, you can
pick 1 friendly WINTERLEAF unit wholly within 18" of
the bearer. After that unit has fought in that phase for
the first time, if it is within 3" of an enemy unit, it can
make a pile-in move and then attack with all of the melee
weapons it is armed with for a second time.


PAGEBREAK
Dreadwood

DREADWOOD

No Sylvaneth embody the cruelty inherent in the natural order so perfectly as those of Dreadwood. They are the
darkest shadow of the forest, merciless and predatory. To meet them in combat is to face every nightmare the
mortal races have ever attributed to the ancient woods of the realms.

Dreadwood care nothing for the honour, nobility and
grace of their fellow Sylvaneth. They delight instead in
spreading confusion, fear and pain. Sneak attacks, cruel
illusions, torture and terror tactics – there is no strategy
that is beneath the warriors of Dreadwood. Such is their
malice that even the Spite-Revenants drawn to their
musters are blacker of heartwood than most, ripping into
their enemies with a savagery that borders on atrocity.

Though Alarielle has allied in common cause with the
God-King Sigmar, not all of her children honour this pact.
The actions of the Dreadwood in particular have greatly
strained relations between the followers of the two deities.
Against the decree of the Everqueen, members of the glade
have begun to prey on foresters, trappers and frontiersmen
brave enough to venture into the depths of their ancient
forests. Free cities such as Izalend and Greywater Fastness
have reported thousands of missing souls, though the
cunning lords of the Dreadwood maintain a veneer of
innocence. Alarielle knows the truth, but cannot afford to
censure her wayward children. Instead, she has had some
success in refocusing their malice towards the servants of
Chaos and the necromantic followers of Nagash.

ABILITIES
Malicious Tormentors: The Spite-Revenants that fight
alongside Dreadwood Glade are renowned for being
especially cruel and malicious, and delight in tormenting
their prey.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by

DREADWOOD SPITE-REVENANTS.

COMMAND TRA IT
A DREADWOOD general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

Paragon of Terror: Wherever this cruel creature stalks,
fear grips its foes like smothering weeds.

Re-roll successful battleshock tests for enemy units while
they are within 6" of this general.

COMMAND ABILITY
Sinister Ambush: Dreadwood clans are masters of
subterfuge, using the spirit ways to deceive their foes and
strike where least expected.

You can use this command ability once during each of
your turns, at the end of your movement phase. If you
do so, pick 1 friendly DREADWOOD unit wholly within
18" of a friendly DREADWOOD HERO. Remove that unit
from the battlefield and then set it up again anywhere on
the battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first DREADWOOD HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Jewel of Withering.

Jewel of Withering: This malicious gem knows and
cultivates the fears of its bearer’s enemies, draining them
of strength and willpower.

Subtract 1 from wound rolls for attacks made with melee
weapons that target the bearer.


PAGEBREAK
Harvestboon

HARVESTBOON

A young, vital glade filled with hope and determination, the Harvestboon fight at the forefront of Alarielle’s wars,
reclaiming sites of wild magic from the clutches of Chaos-worshippers and monstrous hordes. Theirs is the future,
so they believe, and they will gladly sacrifice their lives to ensure a brighter dawn.

The warriors of Harvestboon race towards the foe’s lines,
competing with one another to be the first to engage the
enemy. In battle they fight with an exuberance that only
those of the greenest heartwood possess, favouring all-out
aggression and relying upon the relentless momentum of
their charges to break the enemy’s wi l l . As members of
this glade fight, the very earth seems to rejoice and grow
more fertile in their presence, and vibrant energies spill
forth from even the most barren land to reinvigorate the
glade’s warriors.

Always moving forwards and looking to the future, the
Harvestboon lack the bitterness and hatred that defines so
many of their kin. Born into the nightmare of the Age of
Chaos, they have no grand legacy to pine for, only a desire
to reshape the realms in the name of their Everqueen.
The aggression and audacity of Harvestboon has caused
much consternation amongst the more traditional
glades, but for now the upstart glade retains the fu l l
blessing of the Everqueen. Alarielle sees a great need for
such forward-thinking boldness in this time of conflict,
and Harvestboon wargroves are commonly seen at the
forefront of her campaigns.

ABILITIES
Vibrant Surge: Sylvaneth of Harvestboon have a burning
desire to engage the enemy in combat and drive them from
their territory.

You can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly
HARVESTBOON units that made a charge move in the
same turn .

COMMAND ABILITY
Fertile Ground: Nourishing energies swell from the soil,
quickening the blades of the Harvestboon clans.

COMMAND TRA IT
A HARVESTBOON general must have this command trait
instead of one listed on page 66.

Seek New Fruit: This general moves in and out of combat
at will, bending to the currents of battle like a sapling in
a breeze.

Each time this general attacks with its melee weapons,
it can make a 6" move after all of its attacks have been
resolved. If it does so, it must finish the move more than
3" from enemy units.

You can use this command ability at the start of
the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly
HARVESTBOON unit wholly within 12" of a friendly
HARVESTBOON HERO. Until the end of that phase, add 1
to the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee weapons.
You cannot pick the same unit to benefit from this
command ability more than once per combat phase.

ARTEFACT OF POWER
The first HARVESTBOON HERO to receive an artefact of
power must be given the Silent Sickle.

The Silent Sickle: This elegant blade moves through the
air like a darting forest bird whose wings briefly flash in
the sunlight.

Pick 1 of the bearer’s melee weapons. Add 1 to the
Attacks characteristic of that weapon.


PAGEBREAK
Battleplan: Awaken the Groves

AWAKEN THE GROVES

BATTLEPLAN

A valley once rich with sacred life
has finally shed a centuries-long
curse concealing its whereabouts,
but the soulpod groves that once
blossomed there now lie dormant
and defenceless, and hostile forces
have descended upon the site,
intent on the final destruction of
the groves. Heeding the distant
spirit-song of the imperilled
woodland, the Sylvaneth gather to
purge the valley of its despoilers,
and reawaken the soulpod groves to
their rightful splendour.

THE ARMIES
Each player picks an army as
described in the core rules. One
player is the Sylvaneth player and
their opponent is the Despoiler.
The Sylvaneth player must use a
Sylvaneth army. Each army has a
unique command ability, as follows.

SYLVANETH
COMMAND AB IL ITY

Verdant Surge: Amidst the desperate
struggle to revive the sacred soulpods,
the spirit-song impels the slain to
flourish back to life in aid of their kin.

You can use this command ability
in your hero phase. If you do so,
you can return D3 slain models
to each friendly DRYADS and

TREE-REVENANTS unit that is

wholly within 16" of a friendly

SYLVANETH HERO.

DESPOILER
COMMAND AB IL ITY

Follow My Lead: Undaunted by the
fervent resolve of the Sylvaneth, a
champion amongst the despoilers
joins the fray with such wrath that all
rise to their example.

You can use this command ability
at the start of the combat phase. If
you do so, pick 1 friendly HERO that
made a charge move in the same
turn. Until the end of that phase, you
can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks
made by friendly units wholly within
12" of that HERO.

THE BATTLEFIELD

Place 3 AWAKENED WYLDWOODS

along the midpoint between both
players’ territories, as shown on
the map below. Each of these

AWAKENED WYLDWOODS

represents a soulpod grove. Until
a soulpod grove is awakened
(see below), treat it as a normal
terrain feature rather than an

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD.

SET-UP
The players alternate setting up
units one at a time, starting with
the Despoiler player. The Despoiler
player’s units must be set up wholly
within their territory. The Sylvaneth
player’s units must be set up wholly
within their territory.

Continue to set up units until both
players have set up their armies. If
one player finishes first, the opposing
player can set up the rest of the units
in their army, one after another.

FIRST TURN
The Sylvaneth player takes the first
turn in the first battle round.


PAGEBREAK
WAKING THE GROVES
For the first time in centuries the
groves hear the spirit-song of their
kin, and burst from their dormancy
in radiant blooms of life magic.

Starting from the second battle
round, roll a dice at the start of the
Sylvaneth player’s hero phase for
each soulpod grove that has no units
from the Despoiler’s army within
8" of it. Add 2 to the result for each
unit from the Sylvaneth player’s
army that is wholly within 8" of that
soulpod grove. On a 7+ that soulpod

grove has been awakened. An
awakened soulpod grove is treated as

an AWAKENED WYLDWOOD for the

rest of the battle.

GLORIOUS VICTORY
If all units in the Sylvaneth player’s
army are destroyed, the Despoiler
player wins a major victory. If
fewer than two soulpod groves are
awakened by the end of the fifth
battle round, the Despoiler player
wins a minor victory. If two soulpod
groves are awakened by the end of
the fifth battle round, the Sylvaneth
player wins a minor victory. If
three soulpod groves are awakened
by the end of the fifth battle
round, the Sylvaneth player wins a

major victory.


PAGEBREAK
Path to Glory

PATH TO GLORY

Path to Glory campaigns centre around collecting and fighting battles with a warband in the Age of Sigmar.
Champions fight each other and gather followers to join them in their quest for glory, taking advantage of this age
of unending battle to win glory and renown.

In order to take part in a Path to
Glory campaign, you wi l l need two
or more players. All players wi l l
need to have at least one HERO,
who is their champion, and must
then create a warband to follow and
fight beside their champion during
the campaign.

The players fight battles against each
other using the warbands they have
created. The results of these battles
wi l l gain their warband favour. The
warband wi l l swell in numbers as
more warriors flock to their banner,
while existing troops become
more powerful.

After gaining enough favour or
growing your warband enough to
dominate all others through sheer
weight of numbers, you wi l l be
granted a final test. Succeed, and
your glory wi l l be affirmed for all
time, and you wi l l be crowned as the
victor of the campaign.

CREATING A WARBAND
When creating a Path to Glory
warband, do not select your army in
the normal manner. Instead, your
army consists of a mighty champion
battling to earn the favour of the
gods, and their entire band of loyal
followers. As you wage war against
other warbands, your own warband
wi l l grow, and existing units wi l l
become grizzled veterans.

WARBAND ROSTER

The details and progress of each
warband need to be recorded
on a warband roster, which
you can download for free
from games-workshop.com.

To create a warband, simply follow
these steps and record the results on
your warband roster:

1. First, pick an allegiance for your
warband. Each allegiance has its
own set of warband tables that
are used to generate the units in

the warband and the rewards they
can receive for fighting battles.
The warband tables included in
this battletome let you collect
a warband with the Sylvaneth
allegiance, but other Warhammer
Age of Sigmar publications include
warband tables to let you collect
other warbands from the Grand
Alliances of Order, Chaos, Death
and Destruction.

2. Next, choose your warband’s
champion by selecting one of the
options from your allegiance’s
champion table. The champion
you choose wi l l determine the
number of followers in your
warband. Give your champion a
suitably grand name, and write
this down on your warband roster.

3. Having picked your champion,
the next step is to generate your
starting followers. These can be
chosen from the followers tables for
your allegiance. If your allegiance
has more than one followers table
you can freely choose which ones
you use, selecting all of your
followers from a single table or
from several. Instead of choosing,
you can place your destiny in
the hands of fate and roll on the
followers tables instead. To make a
followers roll, pick a column from
one of the followers tables and then
roll a dice.

4. Your followers need to be
organised into units. The follower
table tells you how many models
the unit has. Follower units
cannot include additional models,
but they can otherwise take any
options listed on their warscroll.
Record all of the information
about your followers on your
warband roster.

5. Instead of generating a unit of
followers, your champion can start
the campaign with a Champion’s
Reward, or one of your units can
start with a Follower’s Reward.

No champion or unit can start the
Path to Glory campaign with more
than one reward each.

6. Finally, give your warband a
name, one that wi l l inspire respect
and dread in your rivals. Your
warband is now complete, and
you can fight your first battle.
Good luck!

TO WAR!
Having created a warband, you can
now fight battles with it against
other warbands taking part in the
campaign. You can fight battles as
and when you wish, and can use
any of the battleplans available for
Warhammer Age of Sigmar.

The units you use for a game must be
those on your roster. Units can either
be fielded at their fu l l roster strength,
or broken down into smaller units,
as long as no unit is smaller than the
minimum size shown on its pitched
battle profile.

Any casualties suffered by a warband
are assumed to have been replaced
in time for its next battle. If your
champion is slain in a battle, it is
assumed that they were merely
injured, and they are back to fu l l
strength for your next game, thirsty
for vengeance!

GAINING GLORY
All of the players in the campaign
are vy ing for glory. The amount
of glory they have received is
represented by the Glory Points that
the warband has accumulated. Glory
can be increased by fighting and
winning battles, as described next.
As a warband’s glory increases, it
wi l l also attract additional followers,
and a warband’s champion may be
granted rewards.

Warbands receive Glory Points after
a battle is complete. If the warband
drew or lost the battle, it receives 1


PAGEBREAK
Glory Point. If it won the battle, it
receives D3 Glory Points (re-roll a
result of 1 if it won a major victory).

Add the Glory Points you scored to
the total recorded on your roster.
Once you have won 10 Glory Points,
you wi l l have a chance to win the
campaign, as described below.

REWARDS OF BATTLE
Each allegiance has its own set of
rewards tables. After each battle you
can take one of the three following
options. Alternatively, roll a D3 to
determine which option to take:

D3

1

Option

Additional Followers: More

followers flock to your banner.
Either select a new unit or
roll for a random one from
a follower table, then add it
to your warband roster. You
can choose from any of your
own follower tables, or from
any of the follower tables
from an allied warband table
i.e. a warband table whose
allegiance is from the same
Grand Alliance as your own.
In either case, if you wish to
add a unit from a follower
table that requires more than

ETERNAL GLORY
There are two ways to win a Path
to Glory campaign; either by Blood
or by Might. To win by Blood
your warband must first have 10
Glory Points. To win by Might
your warband must have at least
5 additional units of followers. In
either case, you must then fight
and win one more battle to win the
campaign. If the next battle you fight
is tied or lost, you do not receive
any Glory Points – just keep on
fighting battles until you either win
the campaign… or another player
wins first!

You can shorten or lengthen a
campaign by lowering or raising
the number of Glory Points needed
to win by Blood, or the number of
extra units that must join a warband
to win by Might. For example, for a
shorter campaign, you could say that
a warband only needs 5 Glory Points
before the final fight, or for a longer
one, say that 15 are needed.

2

3

‘1 roll’, you must also reduce
your Glory Points total by 1 (if
you do not have enough Glory
Points, you cannot choose a
unit from such a table). Once
5 new units have joined your
warband, you wi l l have a
chance to win the campaign,
as described below.

Champion’s Reward: Your

champion’s prowess grows.
Roll on your allegiance’s
champion rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result
the champion has already
received, roll again until you
get a different result.

Follower’s Reward: Your

warriors become renowned
for mighty deeds. Pick a unit
of followers (not one from
an allied warband table),
then roll on your allegiance’s
followers rewards table. Note
the result on your warband
roster. If you roll a result the
unit has already received,
roll again until you get a
different result.


PAGEBREAK
Sylvaneth Warband tables

SYLVANETH WARBAND TABLES

Use the following tables to determine the champion that leads your warband, the followers that make up the units
which fight at their side, and the rewards they can receive after battle.

Champion

Spirit of Durthu

Treelord Ancient

Arch-Revenant

Branchwych

Branchwraith

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

Followers

10 Dryads

5 Tree-Revenants

5 Spite-Revenants

Followers

2 units

2 units

3 units

4 units

4 units

D6

1-2

3-4

5-6

D6

1

2

3

Followers

3 Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Greatswords
or 3 Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Scythes

3 Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Greatbows

1 Treelord

FOLLOWERS REWARDS TABLE

Reward

Guided by Kurnoth: These Sylvaneth strike with
the precision and surety of the God of the Hunt,
honouring him with blade, talon and bow.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by
this unit.

Woodland Avengers: Trespassers in the

woodland realms will not escape the retribution
of these Sylvaneth.

Re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made by
this unit.

Enduring Barkflesh: Standing firm through war
as ancient trees endure the seasons, these fighters
stubbornly resist any assault.

Re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks that target
this unit.

4

5

6

Zephyr-borne: These fighters surge into combat
like a fell wind, bringing swift vengeance to those
that oppose the Everqueen.

You can re-roll charge rolls for this unit.

Biting Blades: Glowing with righteous wrath,
the weapons of these Sylvaneth can sunder
any armour.

Improve the Rend characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons by 1.

Oaken Strength: Every strike from these strong-
limbed fighters is a grievous threat to the enemy.

Add 1 to the Damage characteristic of this unit’s
melee weapons.


PAGEBREAK
2D6

Reward

CHAMPION REWARDS TABLE

1

2

3

4

5

6

The Everqueen Weeps: Sad laments echo

through the Wyldwoods, singing of the glories
this champion might have achieved had their life
force endured.

If your champion is slain, you lose D3 Glory
Points (to a minimum of 0), and must remove
all rewards your champion has gained from
this table so far from your warband roster.
Generate a new champion from the Champion
table opposite.

Keen Aggressor: This quick-footed champion
leaps into the fray when their kinfolk
are threatened.

Add 2 to run rolls and charge rolls for
your champion.

Elusive Target: Few telling blows find their mark
against this lithe and cunning fighter.

You can re-roll save rolls for attacks that target
your champion.

Repairing Sap: An oozing amber sap quickly
seals this champion’s worst injuries.

Roll a dice each time you allocate a mortal
wound to your champion. On a 5+ that mortal
wound is negated.

Foecleaver: This graceful, archaic blade is
rarely intercepted.

Pick 1 of your champion’s melee weapons. Add 1
to hit rolls for attacks made with that weapon.

Wrongs

to Avenge: Bereft of things held dear,
this champion fights in a flurry of anger.

Add 1 to the Attacks characteristic of your
champion’s melee weapons.

1

2

3

4

5

Guardian Spites: Protective forest-spirits flit
around this champion, warning of dangers and
deflecting attacks.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
your champion.

Haleheart: Tenacious as the raiment of an
evergreen, this champion has endured through
countless seasons of war.

Add 1 to your champion’s Wounds characteristic.

Righteous Defender: The greatest protectors
of their forest kin will find their deeds repaid by
surging life magic.

At the end of the combat phase, if any enemy
models were slain by wounds inflicted by this
champion’s attacks in that combat phase, you
can heal 1 wound allocated to this champion.

Barbed Riposte: With whiplash speed this
champion punishes overconfident attacks.

If the unmodified save roll for an attack that
targets your champion is 6, the attacking unit
suffers 1 mortal wound after all of its attacks
have been resolved.

Roots of Wrath: Feet planted firmly on the soil
to be cleansed, this champion launches each
attack in wrathful tribute to kinfolk lost.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a melee weapon by your champion is 6,
that attack inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target
in addition to any normal damage.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLLS

WARSCROLL BATTALION

WARGROVE

Wargrove

Drawn together by the strident melodies of the song of war, a Sylvaneth wargrove moves and fights as a single
mighty warrior whose swift and deadly attacks have been the death of countless foes.

ABILITIES
Mighty Wyldwood: When joined in harmony, a Sylvaneth wargrove can
command the forests, summoning trees from even the most barren ground and
effortlessly traversing the realmroots to confound their foes.

When you choose a Sylvaneth army, you can include 2 AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD terrain features instead of 1 if your army includes
this battalion.

A Wargrove consists of the
following battalions:

• 1 Lords of the Clan battalion

• 3 Household battalions

• 3 Forest Folk battalions

• 1 Free Spirits battalion

• 1 Outcasts battalion


PAGEBREAK
This section includes Sylvaneth warscrolls, warscroll battalions and endless spell warscrolls. Updated May
2019; the warscrolls printed here take precedence over any warscrolls with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

E yes bulging, bloody drool spilling from
their screaming mouths, the warriors of the
Bloodbound surged forwards towards the
isolated ranks of the Oakenbrow warriors.
Tree-Revenants raised their blades artfully, standing
as calm as a still lake in the face of their deranged
foes, the forest at their backs. Howling, blood-smeared
warriors surged around them, their numbers so vast
that it seemed the Sylvaneth would be swallowed up in
the blink of an eye.
As the Tree-Revenants swept their curved blades
across, scything apart the fastest of the enemy horde,
the air was split by the wail of hunting horns.
The trees themselves came to life, creaking and
groaning as they stepped from the gloom of the forest
into the crimson dawn. These titans carried blades

that burned with summer light, and as they crashed
into the thick of the Chaos horde, they struck out with
these fearsome weapons, carving a dozen barbarians
apart with every blow.
The Khornate warriors turned to meet this new
threat, but even as they readied their axes a hail of
spear-like missiles rained down upon them, piercing
flesh and burnished brass. Loosing and restringing
their greatbows with easy grace, hawk-eyed Kurnoth
Hunters reaped a terrible harvest.
Dryads and more Tree-Revenants spilled from the
forest, howling with rage. Now it was the Khorne-
worshippers who were surrounded on all sides. Never
ones to flee from a fight, they bellowed their praises
to the Blood God and fought on doggedly. Not one
amongst them survived the Battle of Summerhill.


PAGEBREAK
Free Spirits

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FREE SPIRITS

The Free Spirits are the instruments of Alarielle’s will, a cadre of elite warriors whose presence hones the
Sylvaneth muster into a weapon of singular purpose that brings swift retribution.

A Free Spirits battalion consists of
the following units:

• 1 Spirit of Durthu

• 3 units of Kurnoth Hunters

ABILITIES
Swift Vengeance: The Free Spirits move without delay to fulfil Alarielle’s will.

In your movement phase, if you declare a unit from this battalion wi l l run, do
not make a run roll. Instead, add 6" to the Move characteristic of that unit for
that phase.

WARSCROLL BATTALION

LORDS OF THE CLAN

The spirit-song surges through the Lords of the Clan like a raging river. As they stride across the battlefield, the
Treelords harness that energy to marshal their forces and to punish their foes.

Lords of the Clan

ABILITIES
Deadly Chorus: The leaders of a Sylvaneth clan bear a great many duties,
not least of which is leading the spirit-song. When standing together, they can
cause it to rise into a great chorus so powerful that it rips through the air like a
howling gale.

A Lords of the Clan battalion
consists of the following units:

• 2-4 Treelord Ancients

• 1-3 Treelords

In your shooting phase, roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within 6" of
2 or more models from this battalion. On a 2+ that enemy unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.


PAGEBREAK
WARSCROLL BATTALION

Household

HOUSEHOLD

In ritually ordered formations, the warriors of the Household advance into the teeth of the enemy army, pinning
them in battle while the rest of the clan rips into them from all sides.

ABILITIES
Discipline of the Ages: The noble warriors of a Household are adept at
engaging the foe and drawing them in so that they are open to swift assaults by
their fellows.

Enemy units within 3" of any units from this battalion cannot retreat.

A Household battalion consists of
the following units:

• 1 Treelord

• 1 Branchwych

• 1 unit of Tree-Revenants

WARSCROLL BATTALION

FOREST FOLK

Moving quickly through the undergrowth, the Forest Folk plunge into battle. Attacking from every side, multiple
bands of Dryads lash their victims to bloody tatters before vanishing once again.

A Forest Folk battalion consists of
the following units:

• 1 Branchwraith

• 3 units of Dryads

Forest Folk

ABILITIES
Swift as the Breeze: The Forest Folk favour a swift, hit-and-run fighting style
that allows them to strike at multiple targets before the enemy can marshal
a reaction.

Units from this battalion can retreat and still charge later in the same turn .

WARSCROLL BATTALION

OUTCASTS

The Outcasts are the terrors that lurk in the shadows, the creeping things beneath the forest eaves. When great
masses of them surge into battle, it is all the enemy can do to avoid dying of sheer fright.

Outcasts

An Outcasts battalion consists of
the following units:

• 3 units of Spite-Revenants

ABILITIES
Fear the Forest-kin: Every civilisation has its tales of terrifying creatures
that emerge from the forest, but few legends live up to the ghastly reality of an
Outcasts attack.

If an enemy unit fails a battleshock test within 3" of any units from this
battalion, add D3 to the number of models that flee.


PAGEBREAK
ALARIELLE THE EVERQUEEN

Alarielle the Everqueen

The ground shudders beneath the tread of her gargantuan wardroth beetle as Alarielle
leads the Sylvaneth charge. Wherever the goddess’ gaze falls, her foes cower, for there
is no mercy in the Everqueen’s heart towards those who despoil her realm.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Spear of Kurnoth

MELEE WEAPONS

Talon of the Dwindling
Great Antlers

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

3+

2+

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"
2"

4
5

3+
4+

4+
3+

Rend

-2

Rend

-
-2

Damage

D6

Damage

1

Wounds Suffered

0-4
5-7
8-10
11-13
14+

Move

16"
14"
10"
8"
6"

Spear of Kurnoth

Great Antlers

30"
25"
20"
15"
10"

5
4
3
2
1

DESCRIPTION

Alarielle the Everqueen is a named character that
is a single model. She is armed with the Spear of
Kurnoth and the Talon of the Dw ind l ing .

MOUNT: Alarielle’s Wardroth Beetle attacks
with its Great Antlers.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES
Talon of the Dwindling: A mere touch from

the Talon of the Dwindling is enough to wither the
spirit and atrophy the body.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
by the Talon of the Dwind ling is 6, that attack
inflicts D3 mortal wounds on the target in
addition to any normal damage.

Lifebloom: Alarielle calls upon the restorative
energies of Ghyran to breathe fresh vitality into
those who serve her.

In your hero phase, you can heal up to D3
wounds allocated to each friendly SYLVANETH
unit wholly within 30" of this model (roll
separately for each unit).

Sweeping Blows: The wardroth beetle’s huge
antlers can smash gaping holes into any enemy
battle line.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made with this
model’s Great Antlers if the target unit contains
5 or more models.

Living Battering Ram: A charging wardroth

beetle tramples all in its path.

Roll a dice for each enemy unit that is within
1" of this model after this model makes a
charge move. On a 4+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds.

Soul Amphorae: Alarielle scatters the precious
magical pollens within her soul amphorae,
seeding the battlefield with new life.

Once per battle, at the end of your movement
phase, you can summon 1 of the following units
to the battlefield:

• 20 Dryads
• 10 Tree-Revenants
• 10 Spite-Revenants
• 3 Kurnoth Hunters
• 1 Branchwych
• 1 Treelord

The summoned unit is added to your army, and
must be set up wholly within 9" of this model
and more than 9" from any enemy units.

MAGIC

Alarielle the Everqueen is a WIZARD. She can
attempt to cast three spells in your hero phase,
and attempt to unbind three spells in the enemy
hero phase. She knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic
Shield and Metamorphosis spells.

Metamorphosis: With a wrathful glare from the
Everqueen, the enemy is turned to wood.

Metamorphosis has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 16"
of the caster that is visible to them and roll a
number of dice equal to the casting roll. For
each 4+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound. In
addition, if that unit is destroyed by the mortal
wounds inflicted by this spell, you can set up

1 AWAKENED WYLDWOOD terrain feature

wholly within 12" of the last model from that
unit to be slain, and more than 1" from any other
model, terrain feature or objective, and add it to
your army.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Ghyran’s Wrath: The fury of the reborn
Everqueen knows no bounds.

You can use this command ability at the start
of the combat phase. If you do so, in that phase
you can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
by friendly SYLVANETH units while they are
wholly within 14" of a friendly model with this
command ability.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, ALARIELLE THE EVERQUEEN


PAGEBREAK
When the Everqueen goes to war the forests themselves spring to life, and all of nature’s raw power is unleashed upon her enemies.


PAGEBREAK
Drycha Hamadreth

DRYCHA HAMADRETH

Drycha Hamadreth keens with hatred as she tears through her enemies like a raging
storm. The Queen of the Outcasts fights a never-ending crusade to eradicate those she
sees as a threat to her race, leaving a trail of corpses of both friend and foe in her wake.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Colony of Flitterfuries

MELEE WEAPONS

Slashing Talons
Swarm of Squirmlings

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

10

4+

3+

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"
2"

10

4+

3+
4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-

Damage

1

Damage

2
1

Wounds Suffered

Slashing Talons

Swarm of Squirmlings

Colony of Flitterfuries

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-4
5-6
7-8
9+

6
5
4
3
2

3+
4+
4+
5+
5+

18"
15"
12"
9"
6"

DESCRIPTION

Drycha Hamadreth is a named character that
is a single model. She is armed with Slashing
Talons, a Swarm of Squirmlings and a Colony
of F litterfuries .

ABILITIES

Deadly Infestation: Malicious spites infest
Drycha’s form, drawn to the bitterness of her soul.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with a Colony of Flitterfuries or a Swarm of
Squirmlings is 6, that attack inflicts 1 mortal
wound on the target and the attack sequence
ends (do not make a wound or save roll).

Mercurial Aspect: The Flitterfuries that dwell in
Drycha’s body bask in the heat of her rage, while
the Squirmlings she hosts suckle at her sorrow.

At the start of the battle round, declare whether
this model is Enraged or Embittered. The
relevant ability below lasts until the end of that
battle round:

Enraged: While this model is Enraged,
its Colony of Flitterfuries has an Attacks
characteristic of 20 instead of 10.

Embittered: While this model is Embittered,
its Swarm of Squirmlings has an Attacks
characteristic of 20 instead of 10.

Song of Spite: Drycha shares a special kinship
with the Outcasts, who seem to echo her fury.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
by friendly SPITE-REVENANTS units while they
are wholly within 16" of this model.

MAGIC

Drycha Hamadreth is a WIZARD. She can
attempt to cast one spell in your hero phase, and
attempt to unbind one spell in the enemy hero
phase. She knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield
and Primal Terror spells.

Primal Terror: Throwing back her head, Drycha
gives voice to a soul-rending scream of anguish
and pain.

Primal Terror has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, roll 2D6. Each enemy
unit within 10" of the caster with a Bravery
characteristic lower than this roll suffers D3
mortal wounds (roll separately for each unit).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, OUTCASTS, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, DRYCHA HAMADRETH


PAGEBREAK
Spirit of Durthu

SPIRIT OF DURTHU

Embodiments of Alarielle’s will, these imposing forest spirits are mantled with the
greatness of their ancestor. With their every deed they strive to be worthy of Durthu’s
legacy, and this resolve makes them some of the mightiest warriors in the wargroves.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Verdant Blast

MELEE WEAPONS

Guardian Sword
Massive Impaling Talons

Range

15"

Range

3"
1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

4+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3
1

3+
3+

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-2

Damage

D3

Damage

1

Wounds Suffered

Massive Impaling Talons

Guardian Sword

Verdant Blast

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

2+
2+
3+
3+
4+

6
D6
D6
D6
D3

6
5
4
3
2

DESCRIPTION

A Spirit of Durthu is a single model armed with
Massive Impaling Talons, a Guardian Sword and
Verdant Blast.

ABILITIES
Champion of the Everqueen’s Will:

Spirits of Durthu instil great courage in the
Everqueen’s children.

Add 1 to the Bravery characteristic of friendly
SYLVANETH units while they are wholly within
12" of any friendly models with this ability.

Groundshaking Stomp: The earth quakes as

this mighty tree spirit stamps its limbs, shaking
the enemy’s wits.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 3" of this model and roll a dice. On
a 4+ that unit fights at the end of that combat
phase, after the players have picked any other
units to fight.

Impale: The spear-like growths that form this
tree spirit’s talons have vanquished many enemies
of the Everqueen.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Massive Impaling Talons is 6, that attack
inflicts D6 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Spirit Paths: These ancient guardians of the
forest can walk the spirit paths at will, vanishing
from sight only to reappear where they are
needed most.

At the start of your movement phase, if
this model is wholly within 6" of a friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD, it can walk the

spirit paths instead of making a normal move in
that movement phase. If it does so, remove this
model from the battlefield and set it up wholly
within 6" of a different friendly AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

Wrathful Guardian: When the sacred

groves of the Sylvaneth are threatened, Spirits
of Durthu fight with all the wrath of their
legendary ancestor.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of
this model’s Guardian Sword while this
model is wholly within 8" of any friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FREE SPIRITS, MONSTER, HERO, SPIRIT OF DURTHU


PAGEBREAK
TREELORD ANCIENT

Treelord Ancient

The fury of the forest is roused by the magics of the Treelord Ancients. Amongst the
eldest living creatures in the realms, these towering tree spirits are not only fearsome
warriors, but also potent spell-wielders who can loose the wrath of the Wyldwoods.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Doom Tendril Staff

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Impaling Talons
Sweeping Blows

Range

18"

Range

1"
3"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

3+
3+

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

D6

Damage

1
D6

Wounds Suffered

Massive Impaling Talons

Sweeping Blows

Doom Tendril Staff

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

2+
2+
3+
3+
4+

3
2
2
1
1

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

DESCRIPTION

A Treelord Ancient is a single model armed with
Massive Impaling Talons, Sweeping Blows and a
Doom Tendril Staff.

ABILITIES
Groundshaking Stomp: The earth quakes as

this mighty tree spirit stamps its limbs, shaking
the enemy’s wits.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 3" of this model and roll a dice. On
a 4+ that unit fights at the end of that combat
phase, after the players have picked any other
units to fight.

Impale: The spear-like growths that form this
tree spirit’s talons have vanquished many enemies
of the Everqueen.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Massive Impaling Talons is 6, that attack
inflicts D6 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

Spirit Paths: These ancient guardians of the
forest can walk the spirit paths at will, vanishing
from sight only to reappear where they are
needed most.

At the start of your movement phase, if
this model is wholly within 6" of a friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD, it can walk the

spirit paths instead of making a normal move in
that movement phase. If it does so, remove this
model from the battlefield and set it up wholly
within 6" of a different friendly AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

Silent Communion: Treelord Ancients have a
strong spiritual connection to the Wyldwoods, and
can call forth these eldritch copses at a whim.

Once per battle, in your hero phase, you can pick
1 friendly model with this ability and set up 1

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD wholly within 18"

of that model and more than 1" from any other
model, terrain feature or objective, and add it to
your army.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Awakening the Wood spells.

Awakening the Wood: At a Treelord Ancient’s
command, Wyldwood trees come to life and
attack with twisted branches and thorny boughs.

Awakening the Wood has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 friendly AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD that is wholly within 30" of
the caster. Each enemy unit within 3" of that

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD suffers D3 mortal

wounds (roll separately for each unit).

COMMAND ABILITIES
Heed the Spirit-song: The Treelord Ancient

speaks to its kin through the spirit-song, warning
them of approaching dangers.

You can use this command ability in your hero
phase. If you do so, pick 1 friendly model with
this command ability. Until your next hero
phase, you can re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks
that target friendly SYLVANETH units wholly
within 12" of that model.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, MONSTER, HERO, WIZARD, TREELORD ANCIENT


PAGEBREAK
Treelord

TREELORD

Treelords storm towards the enemy with earth-shaking strides. Their roots burrow
through the soil as fast as arrows through the air, exploding from the ground to rend
and throttle, while every swing of their vast talons slaughters another swathe of foes.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Strangleroots

MELEE WEAPONS

Massive Impaling Talons
Sweeping Blows

Range

12"

Range

1"
3"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

5

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1

3+
3+

3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-2
-1

Damage

1

Damage

1
D6

Wounds Suffered

Massive Impaling Talons

Sweeping Blows

Strangleroots

DAMAGE TABLE

0-2
3-4
5-7
8-9
10+

2+
2+
3+
3+
4+

4
3
2
2
1

2+
3+
4+
5+
6+

Spirit Paths: These ancient guardians of the
forest can walk the spirit paths at will, vanishing
from sight only to reappear where they are
needed most.

At the start of your movement phase, if
this model is wholly within 6" of a friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOOD, it can walk the

spirit paths instead of making a normal move in
that movement phase. If it does so, remove this
model from the battlefield and set it up wholly
within 6" of a different friendly AWAKENED
WYLDWOOD and more than 9" from any
enemy units.

DESCRIPTION

A Treelord is a single model armed with
Massive Impaling Talons, Sweeping Blows
and Strangleroots.

ABILITIES
Groundshaking Stomp: The earth quakes as

this mighty tree spirit stamps its limbs, shaking
the enemy’s wits.

At the start of the combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 3" of this model and roll a dice. On
a 4+ that unit fights at the end of that combat
phase, after the players have picked any other
units to fight.

Impale: The spear-like growths that form this
tree spirit’s talons have vanquished many enemies
of the Everqueen.

If the unmodified hit roll for an attack made
with Massive Impaling Talons is 6, that attack
inflicts D6 mortal wounds on the target and the
attack sequence ends (do not make a wound or
save roll).

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, MONSTER, TREELORD


PAGEBREAK
ARCH-REVENANT

Arch-Revenant

Arch-Revenants soar high over the battlefield, borne upon the wings of a zephyrspite.
Swooping down to strike where the foe is most vulnerable, their regal presence
inspires nearby Sylvaneth, filling them with courage and warlike aggression.

MELEE WEAPONS

Revenant’s Glaive
Zephyrspite’s Tail Pincers

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"

3
1

3+
4+

3+
3+

-2
-

2
D3

DESCRIPTION

An Arch-Revenant is a single model armed with
a Revenant’s Glaive.

COMPANION: An Arch-Revenant is
accompanied by a zephyrspite that attacks with
its Tail Pincers. For rules purposes, it is treated
in the same manner as a mount.

FLY: This model can fly.

ABILITIES

Crescent Shield: This shield can be used to
deflect blows or to steady the shaft of a weapon.

At the start of the combat phase, say whether
this model is using their shield for protection or
to steady their weapon. If they use their shield
for protection, you can re-roll save rolls of 1 for

attacks that target this model in that phase. If
they use the shield to steady their weapon, you
can re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made with
this model’s Revenant’s Glaive in that phase.

Champion of Kurnoth: An Arch-Revenant

commands instant obedience and commitment
from Kurnoth Hunters that are nearby.

Re-roll hit rolls of 1 for attacks made by friendly
KURNOTH HUNTERS units while they are
wholly within 12" of this model.

Ultimate Sacrifice: A zephyrspite will throw
itself in front of an enemy attack, sacrificing its
own life to save that of its master.

Once per battle, when you allocate a wound or
mortal wound to this model, you can choose to
negate it. If you do so, this model cannot fly or

use its Zephyrspite’s Tail Pincers attack for the
rest of the battle.

COMMAND ABILITIES

Call to Battle: An Arch-Revenant’s fiery spirit-
song incites the children of the Everqueen to
attack her enemies with all of their ire.

You can use this command ability at the
start of the combat phase. If you do so, pick 1
friendly SYLVANETH unit wholly within 9" of
a friendly model with this command ability, or
wholly within 12" of a friendly model with this
command ability that is your general. Add 1 to
the Attacks characteristic of that unit’s melee
weapons in that combat phase. You cannot pick
the same unit to benefit from this command
ability more than once per combat phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FREE SPIRITS, HERO, ARCH-REVENANT


PAGEBREAK
Branchwych

BRANCHWYCH

Fearsome warrior-matriarchs of the Households, the Branchwyches lead their kin to
battle with blasts of sorcery and hissing swings of their scythes. These same weapons
are used when the fighting is done to harvest the lamentiri from the Sylvaneth’s fallen.

MELEE WEAPONS

Greenwood Scythe
Snapping Mandibles

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"
1"

2
1

4+
4+

3+
4+

-
-1

2
1

DESCRIPTION

A Branchwych is a single model armed with a
Greenwood Scythe .

COMPANION: A Branchwych is accompanied
by a Bittergrub that attacks with its Snapping
Mandibles. For rules purposes, it is treated in the
same manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

Fury of the Forest: Fiercely protective of their
forest domains, Branchwyches fight with great
wrath when a Wyldwood is threatened.

Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made by this model
while it is wholly within 6" of any friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Unleash Spites spells.

Quick-tempered: Branchwyches are vengeful
creatures whose anger is hottest when fresh injury
is suffered.

Unleash Spites: The Branchwych summons a
swarm of malicious spites which spiral outwards
to attack those who have displeased her.

Add 2 to the Attacks characteristic of this
model’s Greenwood Scythe whilst any wounds
are allocated to this model.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt

Unleash Spites has a casting value of 5. If
successfully cast, roll a number of dice equal to
the casting roll for each enemy unit within 9" of
the caster. For each 6, that enemy unit suffers 1
mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, HERO, WIZARD, BRANCHWYCH

Branchwraith

BRANCHWRAITH

Their lithe limbs singing with the power of Ghyran, the Branchwraiths are the
priestesses and the leaders of the Forest Folk. At their behest, the Wyldwoods stir to
life, and slumbering Dryads emerge from the shadows to answer the call to war.

MELEE WEAPONS

Piercing Talons

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

3

4+

4+

Rend

-1

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A Branchwraith is a single model armed with
Piercing Talons.

ABILITIES
Blessings of the Forest: Currents of life

magic flow through Sylvaneth Wyldwoods like
freshwater streams, lending protection to kindred
creatures nearby.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this model while it is wholly within 6" of any

friendly AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

MAGIC

This model is a WIZARD. It can attempt to
cast one spell in your hero phase, and attempt
to unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase.
It knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and
Roused to Wrath spells.

Roused to Wrath: With biting verses, the
Branchwraith sings to her allies through the
realmroots, calling them forth to join the reaping.

Roused to Wrath has a casting value of 7. If
successfully cast, you can summon 1 unit
of 10 DRYADS and add it to your army. The
summoned unit must be set up more than 9"

from any enemy units, and wholly within 1" of an
AWAKENED WYLDWOOD that is within 12" of
the caster. The summoned unit cannot move in
the following movement phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FOREST FOLK, HERO, WIZARD, BRANCHWRAITH


PAGEBREAK
Ylthari

YLTHARI

The Thornwych Ylthari tirelessly seeks those soulpods that have been claimed by
Nagash, and by channelling rampant life magic she rids the dead places of those who
would serve the Great Necromancer.

MELEE WEAPONS

Briar Staff
Spiteful Thorns
Snapping Mandibles

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"
1"

1
3
1

3+
4+
4+

3+
4+
4+

-1
-
-1

D3
1
1

DESCRIPTION

Ylthari is a named character that is a single
model. She is armed with a Briar Staff and
Spiteful Thorns.

COMPANION: Ylthari is accompanied by a
Spite that attacks with its Snapping Mandibles.
For rules purposes, it is treated in the same
manner as a mount.

ABILITIES

MAGIC

Vigour and Wrath: Ylthari and her guardians
have only recently been awakened, and are
imbued with bountiful vigour and wrath.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
by this model.

Ylthari is a WIZARD. She can attempt to cast
one spell in your hero phase, and attempt to
unbind one spell in the enemy hero phase. She
knows the Arcane Bolt, Mystic Shield and The
Reaping spells.

The Reaping: Ylthari looses a scything blast of
magical energy that cuts down her foes like corn.

The Reaping has a casting value of 6. If
successfully cast, pick 1 enemy unit within 12" of
the caster that is visible to them and roll 6 dice.
For each 5+ that unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, OAKENBROW, HERO, WIZARD, THORNWYCH, YLTHARI

Ylthari’s Guardians

YLTHARI’S GUARDIANS

Grown from ancient soulpods in the Realm of Death, Ylthari’s Guardians were once
diplomats and emissaries, though now they are evergreen with bitter wrath and seek
only vengeance for their kin who have been slain.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Revenant Bow

MELEE WEAPONS

Enchanted Greatblade
Protector Glaive
Revenant Bow

Range

24"

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2

4+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"
1"
1"

4
2
1

3+
4+
4+

3+
3+
3+

Rend

-1

Rend

-1
-1
-

Damage

1

Damage

1
2
1

DESCRIPTION

Ylthari’s Guardians is a unit that has 3 models.
Ga l langhann is armed with a Protector
Glaive; Skhathael is armed with an Enchanted
Greatblade; and Ahnslaine is armed with a
Revenant Bow.

ABILITIES

Martial Memories: Tree-Revenants can draw on
centuries of experience when they go to war.

Once per phase, you can re-roll 1 failed hit roll
or 1 failed wound roll for an attack made by this
unit, or 1 failed save roll for an attack that targets
this unit, or 1 charge or run roll for this unit, or 1
battleshock test for this unit. You cannot use this
ability to re-roll more than once dice for this unit
in the same phase.

Vigour and Wrath: Ylthari and her guardians
have only recently been awakened, and are
imbued with bountiful vigour and wrath.

You can re-roll wound rolls of 1 for attacks made
by this unit.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, OAKENBROW, TREE-REVENANTS, YLTHARI’S GUARDIANS


PAGEBREAK
Tree-Revenants

TREE-REVENANTS

The Tree-Revenants move with flowing grace, flickering along the spirit paths to carve
their way through the enemy’s ranks. Their highly ritualised way of war lends them a
lethal speed and skill that few enemies can stand against.

MELEE WEAPONS

Enchanted Blade
Protector Glaive

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"
1"

2
2

4+
4+

3+
3+

-1
-1

1
2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Tree-Revenants has any number of
models, each armed with Enchanted Blades.

SCION: 1 model in this unit can be a Scion. Add
2 to the Attacks characteristic of that model’s
Enchanted Blade. A Scion can be armed with
a Protector Glaive instead of an Enchanted Blade.

GLADE BANNER BEARER : 1 in every 5

models in this unit can be a Glade Banner Bearer.
Whenever a unit that includes any Glade Banner
Bearers makes a pile-in move, you can move it up
to 6" instead of up to 3".

WAYPIPES: 1 in every 5 models in this unit can
carry Waypipes. At the start of your movement
phase, a unit that includes any Waypipes can
walk the spirit paths instead of making a normal
move. If it does so, remove this unit from
the battlefield and set it up anywhere on the
battlefield more than 9" from any enemy units.

ABILITIES

Martial Memories: Tree-Revenants can draw on
centuries of experience when they go to war.

Once per phase, you can re-roll 1 failed hit roll
or 1 failed wound roll for an attack made by this
unit, or 1 failed save roll for an attack that targets
this unit, or 1 charge or run roll for this unit, or 1
battleshock test for this unit. You cannot use this
ability to re-roll more than once dice for this unit
in the same phase.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, NOBLE SPIRITS, TREE-REVENANTS

Spite-Revenants

SPITE-REVENANTS

Spite-Revenants are shrieking terrors from the depths of nightmare. Light and
shadow play weirdly around these ghastly beings as they tear and bite their victims,
rending to bloody tatters any who do not simply fling down their weapons and flee.

MELEE WEAPONS

Cruel Talons and Fangs

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

1"

3

3+

3+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Spite-Revenants has any number
of models, each armed with Cruel Talons
and Fangs.

SHADESTALKER : 1 model in this unit
can be a Shadestalker. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Cruel Talons
and Fangs.

ABILITIES

Unbridled Malice: Spite-Revenants fight with
a vengeful fury, filling the air with blood-chilling
curses in unknowable tongues.

Subtract 1 from the Bravery characteristic
of enemy units while they are within 3"
of any friendly units with this ability. In
addition, re-roll successful battleshock tests
for enemy units while they are within 3" of
any friendly units with this ability.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, OUTCASTS, SPITE-REVENANTS


PAGEBREAK
KURNOTH HUNTERS

Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Greatswords

WITH KURNOTH GREATSWORDS

Many Kurnoth Hunters who favour the fury of close combat choose to wield immense
greatswords, two-handed weapons that can cleave through a Magmadroth’s scaly hide
in a single blow.

MELEE WEAPONS

Kurnoth Greatsword

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

1"

4

3+

3+

Rend

-1

Damage

2

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kurnoth Hunters with Greatswords
has any number of models, each armed with a
Kurnoth Greatsword.

HUNTMASTER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Huntmaster. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by that model.

ABILITIES
Envoys of the Everqueen: Kurnoth Hunters act

as the voice of the rulers and commanders of the
Sylvaneth race.

If a friendly SYLVANETH HERO uses a
command ability, friendly SYLVANETH units

wholly within 12" of this unit are treated as being
in range of that command ability.

Sundering Strikes: Swung with enough force,
the keen edge of a Kurnoth Greatsword can hew
any target apart.

If the unmodified wound roll for an attack made
with a Kurnoth Greatsword is 6, that attack
inflicts 1 mortal wound on the target in addition
to any normal damage.

Tanglethorn Thicket: Kurnoth Hunters can

sprout a thick weave of thorned branches that
protects them from harm.

At the start of the charge phase, you can say that
this unit w i l l sprout thorned branches. If you

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FREE SPIRITS, KURNOTH HUNTERS

do so, until the end of the turn, this unit cannot
move except to pile in up to 1", but you can re-roll
save rolls for attacks that target this unit.

Trample Underfoot: Kurnoth Hunters use their
size and strength against their foes, stamping on
and crushing them.

At the end of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this unit and roll 1 dice
for each model in this unit. For each 4+ that
enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Greatbows

KURNOTH HUNTERS

WITH KURNOTH GREATBOWS

Huge and powerful, yet swift and all but silent, Kurnoth Hunters stalk their foes
across the battlefield before unleashing salvoes of arrows from their Kurnoth
greatbows to skewer their luckless prey.

MISSILE WEAPONS

Kurnoth Greatbow

MELEE WEAPONS

Vicious Claws

Range

30"

Range

1"

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2

4+

3+

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

3

4+

4+

Rend

-1

Rend

-

Damage

D3

Damage

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth
Greatbows has any number of models,
each armed with a Kurnoth Greatbow and
Vicious Claws.

HUNTMASTER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Huntmaster. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by that model.

ABILITIES
Envoys of the Everqueen: Kurnoth Hunters act

as the voice of the rulers and commanders of the
Sylvaneth race.

If a friendly SYLVANETH HERO uses a
command ability, friendly SYLVANETH units
wholly within 12" of this unit are treated as being
in range of that command ability.

Tanglethorn Thicket: Kurnoth Hunters can

sprout a thick weave of thorned branches that
protects them from harm.

At the start of the charge phase, you can say that
this unit w i l l sprout thorned branches. If you
do so, until the end of the turn, this unit cannot
move except to pile in up to 1", but you can re-roll
save rolls for attacks that target this unit.

Trample Underfoot: Kurnoth Hunters use their
size and strength against their foes, stamping on
and crushing them.

At the end of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this unit and roll 1 dice
for each model in this unit. For each 4+ that
enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FREE SPIRITS, KURNOTH HUNTERS


PAGEBREAK
KURNOTH HUNTERS

Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth Scythes

WITH KURNOTH SCYTHES

Striding forward with calm and implacable purpose, Kurnoth Hunters armed with
scythes carve bloody furrows through the enemy ranks, sending heads and limbs
flying like scattered corn.

MELEE WEAPONS

Kurnoth Scythe

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

2"

3

3+

3+

Rend

-2

Damage

D3

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Kurnoth Hunters with Kurnoth
Scythes has any number of models, each armed
with a Kurnoth Scythe .

HUNTMASTER : 1 model in this unit can be a
Huntmaster. Add 1 to hit rolls for attacks made
by that model.

ABILITIES
Envoys of the Everqueen: Kurnoth Hunters act

as the voice of the rulers and commanders of the
Sylvaneth race.

If a friendly SYLVANETH HERO uses a
command ability, friendly SYLVANETH units
wholly within 12" of this unit are treated as being
in range of that command ability.

Tanglethorn Thicket: Kurnoth Hunters can

sprout a thick weave of thorned branches that
protects them from harm.

At the start of the charge phase, you can say that
this unit w i l l sprout thorned branches. If you
do so, until the end of the turn, this unit cannot

move except to pile in up to 1", but you can re-roll
save rolls for attacks that target this unit.

Trample Underfoot: Kurnoth Hunters use their
size and strength against their foes, stamping on
and crushing them.

At the end of the combat phase, you can pick 1
enemy unit within 1" of this unit and roll 1 dice
for each model in this unit. For each 4+ that
enemy unit suffers 1 mortal wound.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FREE SPIRITS, KURNOTH HUNTERS

Dryads

DRYADS

Crooning a song of slaughter, the Sylvaneth Dryads stride from the forest’s depths to
fall upon those who would defile their soulpod groves. With vicious talons, the Dryads
stab and strangle, dancing lithely between their enemies even as they tear them apart.

MELEE WEAPONS

Wracking Talons

Range

Attacks

To Hit

To Wound

Rend

Damage

2"

2

4+

4+

-

1

DESCRIPTION

A unit of Dryads has any number of models, each
armed with Wracking Talons.

BRANCH NYMPH : 1 model in this unit
can be a Branch Nymph. Add 1 to the Attacks
characteristic of that model’s Wracking Talons.

ABILITIES
Blessings of the Forest: Currents of life

magic flow through Sylvaneth Wyldwoods like
freshwater streams, lending protection to kindred
creatures nearby.

Subtract 1 from hit rolls for attacks that target
this unit if it is wholly within 6" of any friendly

AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

Enrapturing Song: The eerie, lilting voices of
Dryads can lull listeners into a fatal stupor.

At the start of your combat phase, pick 1 enemy
unit within 3" of this unit. Add 1 to hit rolls for
attacks made by this unit that target that enemy
unit in that phase.

Impenetrable Thicket: When Dryads gather

in great numbers, their many twisting limbs and
branches form an interlocking shield of thorns
that protects them against the enemy’s blows.

Add 1 to save rolls for attacks that target this unit
while it contains 10 or more models.

KEYWORDS

ORDER, SYLVANETH, FOREST FOLK, DRYADS


PAGEBREAK
GLADEWYRM

Gladewyrm

Gladewyrms are ferocious subterranean creatures formed from concentrated life magic, and are used by the Sylvaneth
to protect the realmroots from eldritch invaders. When called upon, they leave their patrols along the spirit paths and
erupt from the earth to aid their summoners.

DESCRIPTION

A Gladewyrm is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Gladewyrm is a predatory
endless spell. It can move up to 8" and can fly.

MAGIC

Summon Gladewyrm: The earth splits apart
as a sleek, serpentine form heaves itself free, eyes
blazing with arcane energies.

Only SYLVANETH WIZARDS can attempt to
cast Summon Gladewyrm . It has a casting value
of 7. If successfully cast, set up a Gladewyrm
model wholly within 6" of the caster.

ABILITIES

Burrowing Doom: G ladewyrms burst into
reality from beneath the earth, summoned from
deep within the realmroots.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Death From Below: Erupting in the midst of
the battlefield, G ladewyrms sow destruction with
their fearsome mandibles and bladed carapaces.

After this model has moved, roll a dice for each
unit within 1" of it. On a 3+ that unit suffers D3
mortal wounds. This ability has no effect on units
with the SYLVANETH keyword.

Healing Mist: More than mere predators,
G ladewyrms exhale emerald clouds of life magic
that revive all children of Alarielle.

After this model has moved, roll a dice for each
SYLVANETH unit wholly within 6" of this
model. On a 3+ heal up to D3 wounds allocated
to that unit.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, GLADEWYRM

Spiteswarm Hive

SPITESWARM HIVE

With a humming chant, a sorcereress versed in the magic of Ghyran can summon a Spiteswarm Hive. The air thrums
near the comb, and the luminescent Spiteswarms buzz forth, the insect-clouds obscuring friendly formations or diving
forth to deliver vitalising bites that can re-energise weary troops.

Shielding Swarm: Roll a dice for each
SYLVANETH unit wholly within 8" of this
model. On a 2+ re-roll save rolls of 1 for attacks
that target that unit until the end of the turn .

DESCRIPTION

A Spiteswarm Hive is a single model.

MAGIC
Summon Spiteswarm Hive: The air is filled

with the buzzing of a thousand wings as a swarm
of iridescent insects bursts from its hive.

Only SYLVANETH WIZARDS can attempt

to cast Summon Spiteswarm Hive. It has a
casting value of 7. If successfully cast, set up a
Spiteswarm Hive model wholly within 15" of
the caster.

ABILITIES

The Hive Nourishes: Winged spites pour forth
from a Spiteswarm Hive’s honeycombed depths.
Their mandibles laden with raw life magic, they
bestow invigorating bites on their Sylvaneth allies,
or else swarm about them to form a brief veil
of protection.

At the end of the hero phase, if this model is on
the battlefield, the player who set it up can pick
one of the effects below and immediately resolve
that effect. The same unit cannot be picked to
be affected by this ability more than once per
hero phase.

Vital Venoms: Roll a dice for each SYLVANETH
unit wholly within 8" of this model. On a 2+ add
3" to that unit’s normal moves and charge moves
until the end of the turn .

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, SPITESWARM HIVE


PAGEBREAK
Vengeful Skullroot

VENGEFUL SKULLROOT

Also known as the Drifting Death or the Creeping Willow, the Vengeful Skullroot is a manifestation of a forest’s fury.
Black-hearted and hateful, these arcane plants can be summoned by Sylvaneth versed in magic. As the tree stalks
across the battlefield, its tentacle-like roots bludgeon, crush and strangle all they pass over.

DESCRIPTION

ABILITIES

A Vengeful Skullroot is a single model.

PREDATORY: A Vengeful Skullroot is a
predatory endless spell. It can move up to 8" and
can fly.

MAGIC
Summon Vengeful Skullroot: From the

shadows comes a nightmarish form, a huge,
black-limbed tree clutching piles of bleached skulls
within its tangled roots.

Only SYLVANETH WIZARDS can attempt to
cast Summon Vengeful Skullroot. It has a casting
value of 6. If successfully cast, set up a Vengeful
Skullroot model wholly within 6" of the caster.

Uprooted Spirit: Loosed from the ancient groves
that once sheltered them, Vengeful Skullroots stalk
eerily across the battlefield.

When this model is set up, the player who set it
up can immediately make a move with it.

Terrors Unearthed: Wherever this rogue spirit
creeps, its roots open the shallow graves of battles
past, dragging grotesque remains to the surface
which chill the hearts of the forest’s foes.

If a unit fails a battleshock test within 3" of any
models with this ability, add D3 to the number
of models that flee. This ability has no effect on
units with the SYLVANETH keyword.

KEYWORDS

ENDLESS SPELL, VENGEFUL SKULLROOT

Strangleroots: The grasping limbs of a Vengeful
Skullroot enwrap and choke their foes, their
wrath all the greater when the kindred trees of a
Wyldwood are threatened.

After this model has moved, each unit that has
any models it passed across suffers D3 mortal
wounds, or D6 mortal wounds if that unit is also

within 3" of any AWAKENED WYLDWOODS.

This ability has no effect on units with the

SYLVANETH keyword.

The magic of the Sylvaneth often manifests as arcane forms of life, from the spiteful lurching horrors known as Vengeful Skullroots to majestic
Gladewyrms and droning Spiteswarm Hives.


PAGEBREAK
PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

PITCHED BATTLE PROFILES

The table below provides points, minimum unit sizes and battlefield roles for the warscrolls and warscroll
battalions in this book, for use in Pitched Battles. Spending the points listed on this table allows you to take a
minimum-sized unit with any of its upgrades. Understrength units cost the full amount of points. Larger units
are taken in multiples of their minimum unit size; multiply their cost by the same amount as you multiplied their
size. If a unit has two points values separated by a slash (e.g. ‘60/200’), the second value is for a maximum-sized
unit. Units that are listed as ‘Unique’ are named characters and can only be taken once in an army. A unit that
has any of the keywords listed on the Allies table can be taken as an allied unit by a Sylvaneth army. Updated
May 2019; the profiles printed here take precedence over any profiles with an earlier publication date or no
publication date.

Dryads
Treelord
Arch-Revenant
Branchwraith
Branchwych
Y lthar i

Ylthari’s Guardians

Alarielle the Everqueen
Drycha Hamadreth
Spirit of Durthu
Treelord Ancient
Kurnoth Hunters
with Kurnoth Greatswords
Kurnoth Hunters
with Kurnoth Greatbows
Kurnoth Hunters
with Kurnoth Scy thes

Spite-Revenants

Tree-Revenants

Forest Folk
Free Spirits
Household

Lords of the Clan

Outcasts

Wargrove

G ladewyrm

Spiteswarm Hive

Vengeful Skullroot

Awakened Wyldwood

10
1
1
1
1
1

3

1
1
1
1

3

3

3

5

5

-
-
-

-

-

-

1

1

1

1

30
1
1
1
1
1

3

1
1
1
1

12

12

12

20

30

-
-
-

-

-

-

1

1

1

1

100/270
200
100
80
80

180

660
320
340
300

200

200

200

60/200

80/420

140
140
100

60

100

80

30

50

40

0

Battleline
Behemoth
Leader
Leader
Leader
Leader

Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth
Leader, Behemoth

Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion
Warscroll Battalion

Warscroll Battalion

Warscroll Battalion

Warscroll Battalion

Endless Spell

Endless Spell

Endless Spell

Scenery

Unique. These units
must be taken as a
set for a total of 180
points. Although
taken as a set, each is a
separate unit.
Unique
Unique

Battleline in
Sylvaneth army
Battleline in
Sylvaneth army

Each Awakened
Wyldwood is comprised
of 3-6 Citadel Wood
models

Sylvaneth

Dispossessed (only if general is IRONBARK), Fyreslayers (only if general is IRONBARK),
Idoneth Deepkin, Stormcast Eternals, Wanderers


PAGEBREAK
WHAT’S NEXT?

From flame-filled magmaholds they march, the power of their war-god flowing into them from
blazing runes of gold hammered into their flesh.


PAGEBREAK
